Our Price:
$19.99
Unrated
( Be the first to review this item )
by G. Schirmer, Inc.
Composed by Antonio Vivaldi. Edited by Sol Schoenbach.
Bassoon with Piano Accompaniment. Woodwind Solo. 9x12 inches. 88 pages. Published by G. Schirmer, Inc.. (HL.50481792)
Free Shipping on this item in orders above $199
In Stock
Usually ships within 1-2 business days
Found in:
Classical Bassoon Sheet Music
Contents: Concerto in C Major (Pincherle 45) · Concerto in F Major (Pincherle 299) · Concerto in G minor (Pincherle 382) · Concerto in B-flat Major (Pincherle 382) · Concerto in E-flat Major (Pincherle 433)
Songs Include:
When Would This Item Ship?
Orders are processed Mon-Fri, excluding holidays. An order placed now would be processed on
Friday, 5/22/2015.
For ground shipping, the average lead time for item HL.50481792 is
one business day,
which means an estimated ship date of Monday, 5/25/2015 if you place your order now.
For expedited shipping, the average lead time for item HL.50481792Latest News
GESC Health Insurance Board - 2015 Elections for Employee & Retiree Representatives - Results
Important Update on HRA Penalty for Fiscal Year 2015
The GESC Health Insurance Board unanimously voted to delay the implementation of the HRA penalty for Fiscal Year 2015 for the retirees and to discontinue the collection of the penalty for the active employees currently being penalized. The GESC Health Insurance Board is urging all members to take full advantage of wellness benefits offered under the Cigna plan in order to avoid being charged in fiscal year 2016. Chairperson Moses stated “The GESC Board of Trustees trust that, when all government employees and retirees under 65, take the Health Risk Assessment, and follow the recommendations of a coach based on the outcome of their Health Risk Assessment with lab markers, behavior will be changed, health improved and insurance claims remain steady or decrease – allowing for a more affordable Medical Plan for the Government of the Virgin Islands.”
The Division of Personnel is advising all active employees and all retirees under the age of 65 (who are the primary plan member and maintain health insurance coverage under the Executive Branch’s Group Health Insurance Plan, including those employees/retirees at non-profit organizations), that the Government Employee’s Service Commission (GESC) Health Insurance Board (as the sponsor of the Insurance Plan’s Wellness Program) has established a new rule which requires those members to fully complete their annual Health Risk Assessment (HRA) on CIGNA’s website,.
The HRA must be fully completed to include actual biometric numbers for glucose, blood pressure, and cholesterol. The deadline to complete the HRA for the Fiscal Year 2015 cycle is 11:59 pm on Wednesday, September 30, 2015. (Ex. October 01, 2014 through September 30, 2015) Those employees and retirees who fail to complete the HRA by the established deadline will be subjected to a biweekly insurance charge of $ 20.83 in Fiscal Year 2016 in addition to their regular health insurance premium. (Please note this requirement is only for the Active employees and Retirees under the age of 65 who are currently covered by CIGNA and not their dependents.)
The Board has authorized the Government’s Wellness Committee under the Division of Personnel to offer various opportunities throughout the year where members can gain access to Medical Professionals and Fitness Professionals. Director Potter stated, “While these opportunities are great, it’s more important for the members to establish relationships with a primary care provider or one of the federal qualified clinics, East End Medical Center or Fredericksted Health Care, Inc. and the Department of Health, so that they can monitor and manage their overall health.” The Board has also partnered with Cigna to provide a full time Health Coach at Cigna office locations who can also assist members with obtaining their biometric data and receive coaching on how to manage various health conditions.
Active employees can obtain more information from their respective Departmental HR Officers. The under 65 retirees seeking clarification are asked to contact the Division of Personnel in their respective district at 340-714-8588 (STT) or 340-718-8588 (STX). More information can also be obtained from the Division’s website,.A vintage clothing and craft fair. Items for sale include furniture, jewelry, records, and all sorts of antique goodness.
When you go to a movie theater, there's a decent chance someone will sneeze and you'll contract a horrifying airborne monkey disease (or at least that's what I learned from Outbreak). Not a thing you have to worry about at the drive-in. Plus you can make out, it's BYOB, and it's under ten bucks for a double feature. $5-$9, $14/carload on Tuesday
This group for knitters, crocheters, and fabric artists welcomes all levels of experience, and meets every first Thursday of the month.
Every Tuesday you can test your cinematic knowledge at the Logan Theatre. The stakes are not low: each member of the winning team gets a gift card for the theater.
Proving its expertise goes beyond live theater, the Annoyance kicks off a monthly movie night featuring screenings of local independent films. Tonight's lineup includes Harry Bauer's The Video Transmissions of the Frequently Captured Buck Pirate, Robert Carnilius's Forever Diamond and McTucky Fried High, and Gerard Jamroz's experimental short We Are the Binary. $2Laurie Turk of Tip Junkie has been working around the clock finishing up her phenomenal Mom Blog to Money Blog Workshop and I’ve been dying to share it with you! Since I work for her, I’ve been able to see the project come together, been privy to the content and what the project has entailed and it’s truly amazing. Laurie hasn’t held anything back and shared everything you need to know about being successful blogging. I guarantee this workshop does this!
If you have been blogging for 3 months or longer you’re going to LOVE this giveaway! Here’s the best part! A lucky Seven Clown Circus reader is going to win an all-access pass to Laurie’s workshop to learn all of her blogging secrets. She wants you all to be as successful as she’s been! For a new blogger or an advanced one ~ this workshop has the power to make you thousands, valued at $199.
Here’s a little secret: Laurie makes $12,000 a month in Adsense alone, so you’re learning from an expert-one who actually IS making money. And here’s another secret. Because I work for her, Laurie has shared her secrets with me over time and they’ve helped take my blog to the next level, so I can attest to the efficacy of her formulas and strategies. My blog has gone from 14,000 page views a month to 100,000. And that’s posting twice a week!
I can’t wait to see which lucky reader will win Laurie’s Mom Blog to Money Blog Workshop. I guarantee it’s worth way more than the cost of the workshop.
Mom Blog to Money Blog Workshop
The Mom Blog to Money Blog online workshop gives members a lifetime ALL Access Pass to what you need to know to make money online ~ just like Laurie does..
Are you ready to learn how to make money?
BRING HOME THE BACON IN 31 DAYS OR LESS!
** Use the code: MONEY for 10% Off! **
Enter to Win below!
{{here’s a tweet button for extra entries daily to make things easier for you!}}
Contest ends this Monday, November 26th at midnight PST!
I’m SO ready to make some money from this gig
I’ve had a personal blog for several years now and making money has never been the goal there. That being said, I have another site that is up and running as of about 3 months ago and the goal IS to make some money from it … I’d love to learn how!
Of course! Would love to learn more!
Of Course!! That is one of my goals… make money with my blog so I no longer have to go to my current job!
I would LOVE to learn how to earn more money on my blog. Thanks for the chance to win!!
I would love to win this and learn more!!!
Oh, yes. I would love to be able to make $ to help support my family & learn how to do it & be successful at it!
I would be BEYOND thrilled to win this fantastic prize! What an awesome giveaway!
Would love to win!
I can always use more tips!
Oh my goodness, I am SO excited I found this! I have been on your blog before but saw this giveaway through google+. I am on the verge of doing something more with my blog & I need more help! This would be perfect!! Thanks for hosting!!
this would be wonderful. I am so frustrated at this point with the way things are going. I need to get out and network and form my blogger tribe! ATM I feel alone in a world full of established bloggers!
I have been blogging for a number of years but have not written much the last few. 4 surgeries and lots of discouragement have set me back. I am so ready to do something with them to bring in some income! Recently lost my contract work and my hubby lost shift pay and overtime so we could use it now and my motivation as well as my healing have improved to where I want to get direction and get going. I have no money to buy this, but sure would like the chance to win it!
This workshop sounds amazing!
What a fantastic opportunity to learn more about how to monetize our efforts in the blogging world. Laurie is an all star in this space and I would love to learn more from her!! She is amazing.
I am SO ready to make money! Thank you for this awesome giveaway!
I’d love to learn more from Laurie! What fun!
want to take it to the next level
I was lucky enough to meet Laurie in St. Louis at Bloggy Boot Camp. She’s amazing! I’ve never monetized my blog, it’s all so confusing. I would love to learn more about it.
This sounds soooo amazing, I would love to win this!!! It seems like there is so much involved with monetizing your blog and it can be overwhelming. It would be awesome to have someone lay out the steps to getting it done!
Yes please and thank you! I would love it. What a great way to start the new year.
This sounds AMAZING. And I totally agree with Pamela above me. It would be a fantastic way to start out the new year!
I heard Laurie speak at BBC in May and just loved listening to her. She has such knowledge on blogging and is an inspiration. Would love to learn and make more money blogging!
Yes, please! I have no clue how to monetize my blog effectively, so I’d rather learn from someone who knows what they’re doing rather than puttering around on the Internet and not doing much good! Ha ha.
Hello, yes I would like to do that but it all seems confusing and daunting. I would love to learn and be confident. Thanks for a great giveaway!
Yes, I want to win this so bad! I’m at a point I should be making a lot more income on my blog. Just need some extra advice
I’m so ready!
you have no idea how ready i am!
After spending the majority of the year dealing with health issues, I am so beyond ready to start taking my blog seriously and learn to monetize it in ways that allow me to work and live my passion!
Ready and willing to receive.
Nothing like known good techniques. Proof is in the pudding!
Bummer! I just saw this on facebook,and got all excited. The giveaway said it was open until Midnight tonight, and its already closed!
Definately going to check into the workshop though!!!
China's rapid rate of urbanization and the pursuit of profit above all else have driven unprecedented numbers of Chinese from their homes.The statue in DeWitt Clinton Park will be maintained using the money from the Flemish government.
Queens has a growing number of fine dining restaurants, including one with a Michelin star.
Lunch Beat will target the tech startup community in the Flatiron District.
"The Jackson Heights Trilogy" will have a four-week run at the 777 Theatre in Hell's Kitchen.
A yoga studio in Forest Hills recently introduced Masala Bhangra.
Hundreds of vintage train models in mint condition are on display through Jan. 6, 2013.
Many city residents are packing their apartment to capacity with hurricane-displaced houseguests.
Lena Dunham apologized for tweeting about dressing up as Canadian serial killers for Halloween.
Zucker Bakery on East Ninth Street will incorporate the Mediterranean traditions of its native Israeli owner.
Construction of the space's temporary "toolbox" structure is nearly complete prior to its Aug. 3 opening.
The Guggenheim Museum will build a temporary arts space on a rat-infested East Village lot.
The mayor testified in favor of expanding high speed rail at a Congressional Hearing in Grand Central Terminal.
The museum is proposing to build a temporary community space in a rat-ridden
The 36-year-old German man attended the same mosque as the 9/11 plotters, officials said.
New York's beloved filmmaker said it's become too expensive to make movies in the city.
Get our daily New York City news and alerts!
Thank you for signing up!
Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters?
Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters.Whether it is the weekend timing, the popularity of the sport nationwide, or the aura of the game itself, the lights seem to shine brightest on Friday nights in the fall when it comes to high school athletics.
But there are lights on, and athletes competing, all throughout the week at your local gymnasiums, fields and courts all around Central Minnesota. This week we highlight the successes of some of the other sports at your Metro Sports Commission schools.
Starting indoors, the St. Cloud Cathedral High School girls volleyball squad has made some noise this year currently sitting at 6-2, 4th place in a strong Granite Ridge Conference. Seniors like Sophie Harris and Jenna Januschka have helped the Crusaders to 12 total victories on the season. Cathedral brings a two-match winning streak into the final stretch of the schedule that will feature three conference match-ups and a tournament appearance at Sartell.
To the hard-court now where the orange and black of St. Cloud Tech have colored the entire post-season land-scape in girls tennis. The Tigers mauled the competition in the Central Lakes Conference with an undefeated 11-0 mark in regular season play. At 14-2 overall to finish the year the Tigers entered sectional play as the #1 seed. Youth has helped the Tigers dominate with eighth grader Taylor Tarrolly turning in great performances in the #1 singles spot. On the doubles side, the duo of Lexi Portz and Jill Kedrowski more than held their own this season. Tech beat Becker in round one of the sectionals to keep their state tournament hopes alive.
Perhaps nowhere else in the prep sports landscape has the St. Cloud area been as dominant as in the area of girls soccer. The top three teams in the Central Lakes Conference at the end of the regular season all hailed from the metro area.
Sartell-St. Stephen took the title with an 8-3-2 mark, Sauk Rapids-Rice checked in second at 6-4-2 and St. Cloud Apollo finished in third at 5-3-1. All three teams will open up sectional play this week.
Names for the Sartell Sabres, a pair of junior attackers, Sophia VanSurksum and Katie Stuttgen helped the blue and white to the title this year. Meanwhile the senior goalkeeper Erin Deters put together a stingy season in net as the Sabres allowed only 10 goals in their 15 total games recording eight shutouts.
Those are just a few of the other teams finding their success this fall. We will keep our eye on those teams and more all year. So keep your eye right here on metrosportscomission.com(PRWEB) April 29, 2014
The Heartbleed bug - a software vulnerability in the popular OpenSSL library - made a big splash in the Internet a couple of weeks ago. While dozens of security issues are discovered every day, Heartbleed was different in that it affected a core library used by almost all of the big web providers, including Google and Facebook.
The really bad news for users of these web services was that because of Heartbleed, their usernames and passwords had been exposed to attackers for nearly half a year. Even though the issue was fixed instantly, there was no way to tell if (and by whom) the issue had been exploited, and what accounts had been compromised.
At the beginning of April, a study by Netcraft showed that half a million widely trusted websites were vulnerable to the Heartbleed bug. We know that by now the issue has been fixed at all big web providers. However, it is hard to say how many of the other sites have already applied the fix. This means that both users and server administrators have to be be aware of the threat.
As a follow-up the following measures are recommended:
1. Users who haven’t changed their passwords / pin codes yet should immediately do it, especially for critical web services such as online banking.
2. Web server admins should make sure that their servers are properly patched. A free scanning tool is available at:.
3. Heartbleed also affects mobile devices. According to Google, devices running Android 4.1.1 are vulnerable to the attack. Users who own such as device should refrain from using to to access sensitive applications and install updates as soon as they become available.May 7, 2014 MARTINSBURG — A Hedgesville man accused of severely beating another man during an armed robbery near the Shanghai Bridge was convicted Wednesday of multiple felony charges after a two-day trial in... more »»
May 5, 2014 MOUNDSVILLE — The mother of a Maryland man who died while completing in a Tough Mudder event in Berkeley County last year has filed a lawsuit claiming negligence. more »»
April 30, 2014 LYNCHBURG, Va. (AP) — Several CSX train cars carrying crude oil derailed and caught fire Wednesday along the James River in Lynchburg, V. more »»
April 30, 2014 BALTIMORE (AP) — Officials say a block-long sinkhole opened up in a residential neighborhood in northeast Baltimore, sucking in several cars and forcing the evacuation of several houses. more »»
April 30, 2014 KEARNEYSVILLE — An Inwood man faces animal cruelty charges following an incident earlier this month in Jefferson County, during which authorities seized seven dogs from a shed on his property after ... more »»
April 30, 2014 CHARLES TOWN — A trial date has been scheduled in the case of a Charles Town man accused of killing a woman inside a motel room in Jefferson County last year and leaving her body underneath a bed fo... more »»
April 29, 2014 KENNESAW, G. more »»
April 25, 2014 HARTFORD, Conn. more »»
April 24, 2014 MARTINSBURG — A Martinsburg man convicted of attempted first-degree murder for shooting another man in the face last year was sentenced in Berkeley County Circuit Court on Thursday to three to 15... more »»
April 24, 2014 MARTINSBURG — A Gerrardstown man accused of robbing a bank more than three years ago pleaded guilty Thursday in Berkeley County Circuit Court to one count of second-degree robbery as part of a plea... more »»
April 24, 2014 MARTINSBURG — A Hardy County man with a history of indecent exposure convictions who was accused of exposing himself at a K-Mart in Martinsburg last year pleaded guilty Thursday in Berkeley County... more »»
April 3, 2014 WASHINGTON (AP) — Friends and family will be able to take the first step to save a loved one from an overdose of heroin or powerful painkillers called opioids. more »»
April 2, 2014 MARTINSBURG — A Martinsburg man has been sentenced to more than 15 years in federal prison for trafficking in crack cocain. more »»
207 W. King Street , Martinsburg, WV 25402-0807 | 304-263-8931
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyEnglish[1] [v] enter; come in(to) [2] [v] join; come into the company of [3] [v] arrive at; reach [4] [v] put in [5] receipts; income [6] [v] get out of sight; disappear [7] [v] get (inside, picked, elected, etc.) [8] [v] agree with; conform to [9] one of the four tones of a character
Mandarin (hanyu pinyin)rù
Cantonese (jyutping)jap6
Hakka (phonetic)[Kwangtung] ngip8 [Bao'an] ngip8 [Dongguan] ngip8 [Hailu] ngip8 [Siyan] ngip8 [Meixian] ngip8 [Hong Kong] gnip8
Minnan/Taiwanesejip8
Vietnamese nhập
Japanese nyuu ju juu
Korean ip‘Elation’ as Burwell boy Danny Pickard has operation in Italy to help him hear
Posted: July 22, 2014|
Danny Pickard from Burwell, Cambs.
Danny Pickard from Burwell, Cambs
Helen Pickard and son Danny re fundraising Picture by Richard Patterson
A boy from Burwell has undergone pioneering surgery in Italy to help him hear.
Danny Pickard, two, underwent the complicated and rare surgery last Monday, which saw an auditory brain stem implant (ABI) put into his brain.
The ABI is an electronic device which acts as a microphone, implanted where the hearing nerves are usually attached.
The surgery took eight hours and is hoped it will allow Danny, who has CHARGE syndrome and is profoundly deaf, to hear for the first time.
In the surgery, 12 electrodes are implanted into the brain where the hearing nerves would be.
And rarely, in Danny’s case, all 12 electrodes appear to be working, which could highlight a bright future for the youngster.
His mum, Helen Pickard, said: “The day of the operation was horrible. It was the longest day ever. But it went really well and when we heard it went well there was complete elation. Danny recovered really quickly, a lot quicker than anyone expected. We had a check up at the hospital on Tuesday and they are all really happy with him.”
Danny was discharged from the Milan hospital last Friday (July 18) and the Pickards are now playing the waiting game before the implant can be turned on.
Helen added: “We are waiting for the end of August now because we need to give the wound some time to heal.
“Hopefully it will work. All 12 electrodes are working which is unusual but that gives him better access to sound.
“There might not be anything straight away but for him to hear something would be a dream come true.”
For a long time, the family were trying to raise £65,000 to send Danny to Italy for the operation, with a team of dedicated volunteers arranging bake sales, taking part in runs or organising family fun days to raise as much money as possible for the worthy cause.
And the family received some light at the end of the fundraising tunnel when surgeons in Italy said they would do the operation without the cash up front so that Danny could benefit as much as possible from the implant. The implants are said to work best when they are put in at a young age, doctors said.
Helen added: “We haven’t raised enough to pay for it all but they have let us come over and have the operation. They want him to benefit fully from the ABI which means doing it while he is still very young.
“We have been so lucky that Prof Coletti and his team have agreed to give Danny his implant even though we are unable to pay the full amount up front.
“They have allowed us to pay the balance in installments, so we still need your help.”
The next fundraising effort for Danny will be a cake sale held outside Tina’s in Burwell on Saturday, July 26 from 8.30am.
Donations of cakes or jigsaw puzzles can be brought down in the morning.
The Newmarket Bikers will also be holding their Reunion Rideout on Saturday, starting from Studlands Park Sports and Social Club in Newmarket at 2pm, to raise money for Help Me Hear.
To stay up to date with Danny’s progress, or to get information about upcoming fundraising events, go to facebook.com/helpdannyhear.
Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here...“Irreversible” opens slowly, quickly shifts into a chaotic but exciting series of events, before falling back down to Earth and eventually becoming dull. The French film opens with writer/director Gaspar Noe trying to prove that camerawork doesn’t mean you have to use a tripod, or even keep your camera at ground level. For the film’s first 35 minutes, the camera is continually whirling, swirling, circling, dipping low to the ground before rising high into the air, and back again. It’s the kind of technique that will either make your head spin or make you vomit from motion sickness, or perhaps both.
The movie opens slowly, showing a naked fat man talking about how he continues to dream about sleeping with his daughter, even after he’s been released from prison for doing just that. (It’s a French cinema thing. They love this stuff. Don’t ask.) Suddenly we’re dipping down to a gay nightclub underneath the fat man’s apartment. Here, we find a prone Marcus (Vincent Cassel) being wheeled out of the nightclub (called, appropriately enough, “The Rectum”) on a stretcher, while Marcus’ friend Pierre (Albert Dupontel) is being led out in handcuffs.
Cut to earlier in the day. Marcus and Pierre are in the Rectum and searching for a pimp nicknamed the Tapeworm. Noe’s camera once again plays havoc with our equilibrium, moving through darkness and picking up slivers of S&M taking place all over the club. When he finally locates a man he believes to be the aforementioned Tapeworm, Marcus assaults him, but despite his temper, proves to be an inferior fighter, and the man has broken Marcus’ arm and is suddenly anally raping him. Pierre enters the fray and in short order has used a fire extinguisher to (literally) demolish the man’s face. Cut to earlier in the day.
With “Irreversible,” director Noe is using the same gimmick that Christopher Nolan used in his murder mystery “Memento”. Noe’s “Irreversible” is leading us backwards scene-by-scene, and the film only has to rewind to the 35-minute mark for us to learn what’s going on. It seems Marcus’ wife Alex (Monica Bellucci) was brutally raped by the Tapeworm. Her face a mess of blood and flesh, Alex is being wheeled to the hospital when local toughs offer to lead Marcus to the Tapeworm for a price.
The hectic and gravity-defying camera works to put us into the mental state of Marcus as he rushes through a whirlwind of emotion and a need for quick revenge. The movie takes place within a single day, and as the film moves backward in time, the camera grows gradually more and more steady, until it’s no longer moving at all during Alex’s rape at the 40-minute mark.
The rape, incidentally, is quite brutal and violent, and even though not a lot of flesh is shown (the rapist doesn’t bother to undress Alex), the scene is rather disturbing in its frankness, not to mention its length. Noe shoots the rape in real-time, forcing us to suffer through every second of the rape along with poor Alex. When the Tapeworm decides she’s too beautiful for her own good, he begins to savagely beat her.
The rape and revenge is really the film’s Third Act. The Second and First Acts are devoted to the awkward relationship between Alex, Marcus, and Pierre. It seems that Pierre and Alex were ex-lovers, and has remained friends even though this isn’t exactly what any of them really wants. The tension and jealously continues to plague the trio as they make their way from Alex and Marcus’ apartment to the party (it is leaving this party that Alex is attacked).
This second half of the film is where things fall apart. If Noe thought 40 minutes of endless conversation about orgasms and the proper procedures to initiate said orgasms was enough to last half a movie, he was wrong. Whereas “Memento” couldn’t be finished without going all the way to the beginning, “Irreversible” was finished when we found out why Marcus went after the Tapeworm. The rest is just endless and uninteresting chatter.
The characters themselves, once we get to know them in the second half, adds tremendously to the movie’s problems. Pierre, the loyal friend at the start of the film, suddenly de-evolves into a creepy and pushy s.o.b still trying to get into Alex’s pants despite the fact that she’s already with someone else. Marcus is an irresponsible oaf and cad, not knowing how good he has things. As Alex, Monica Bellucci (“Malena”) is not in top form here; she’s been so much better in other films, that her performance here is surprisingly very weak.
The film’s last 15 minutes is devoted to Bellucci and real-life lover Vincent Cassel (“Brotherhood of the Wolf”) lying naked and rolling around in bed. Much of the dialogue and interplay here is obviously adlibbed. Unfortunately, once again, they’re uninteresting chatter. It’s obvious Noe is trying to make a point about the chaotic nature of the film’s first half and the slow, snooze-inducing pace of the second. It’s an obvious point, but that doesn’t mean it’s recommended.
Gaspar Noe (director) / Gaspar Noe (screenplay)
CAST: Monica Bellucci …. Alex
Vincent Cassel …. Marcus
Albert Dupontel …. Pierre
Philippe Nahon …. Philippe
Jo Prestia …. Le Tenia
The Waldo Canyon Fire was declared 100 percent contained at 8 p.m. Tuesday, officials announced.
According to the U.S. Forest Service, Incident Commander Troy Nelsen flew above the fire around 6 p.m. and could not find any smoke in the Blodgett Peak area.
Smoke in that area had delayed full containment, which had remained at 98 percent since Friday.
Officials warned that residents near the Waldo Canyon Fire may continue to see smoke plumes over the next few days but all of those are in the interior of the fire.
Blodgett Peak had been the only area of concern and with no smoke showing in that area for 36 hours, the team declared the fire 100 perecent contained.
The fire, which started on June 23, is the most destructive in Colorado history. It destroyed 347 homes and burned 18,247 acres.
»As Twelfth Night approaches and the Christmas decorations start to look increasingly congruous.
Chemist Poushpi Dwivedi of MNNIT points out that silver nanoparticles have been tested widely for their potential as antimicrobial agents given that silver is well known to have bactericidal properties. They point out that using biological agents has come to the fore as an efficient and effective way to make novel types of silver nanoparticles with uniform size and shape and biocompatible surfaces for use in medicine..
"The.
Explore further:
Simulations predict flat liquid
More information: "Potentiality of the plant Pseudotsuga menzietii to combat implant-related infection in the nanoregime" in Int. J. Biomedical Nanoscience and Nanotechnology, 2012, 2, 187-206.
Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read moreClick here to reset your password.
Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made.For more Links containing information about Christian Ten Commandments
Empowering Christians to restore America's
Biblical foundation. Daily Headlines..
Ten Commandments
Click on the above for info on Ten Commandments yard signs.
Hallelujah Acres: the biblical natural diet. Learn the relationship of keeping God's Commandments with solving health problems.
Hallelujah Acres presents: The Hallelujah Diet! A Biblical diet and lifestyle for eliminating sickness. (Click Here if you have health problems and wish to get well
Anti Aging Pathology, Herbs Life Chain
Bumper Sticker The lowest prices for making lawn signs, T-shirts, bumper stickers, and other items for churches, Christian youth groups, conservative candidates and conservative causes. lawn signs
Discover what the Biblical Common Law
What must I do to be saved? Do you know for sure that you are going to heaven?.
Exodus 20:6
And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments..
Citizens Against Drunk Driving Our children deserve better!
Thus, if we as a nation forsake the Moral Virtues of The TEN COMMANDMENTS, we then must forfeit our Liberties as Americans, as well as our Blessings found in the fulfillment of the Beatitudes of Jesus!
Basic List of Ten Commandments
Ten Commandments Monument Photo
Prohibition and the Bible God's Word from the Scriptures versus Man's Doctrine on the issue of Alcohol
Teach Children Ten Commandments, Child Memorize
Ten Commandments Poster, Stone Display Art.
Christian Billboards
On this web site, you should find the following displayed or on the links page:
God's Ten Commandments, List of Christian
We need to teach a summary of Ten Commandments of Jesus to every child.
For web sites containing information about Christian Ten Commandments For Kids 10 Commandments and Children Lessons click here..
See more versions of different Stone Monuments - of the Commands.
Stone Ten Commandments
See more picture and even more versions of Stone Monuments - of the Commands.
Ten Commandments of Stone.View Diary: George Zimmerman Taken Into Custody Over Incident Involving a Gun (491 comments)
Diary Recommended By
Meteor Blades, Pat K California, bink, Thumb, Trix, fcvaguy, Radiowalla, True North, glitterscale, irmaly, Pandora, Powered Grace, mimi, newjeffct, Emerson, wu ming, donna in evanston, Aspe4, rubyr, HootieMcBoob, Sandy on Signal, exNYinTX, hnichols, Heart of the Rockies, JLFinch, scribe, 88kathy, susans, magnetics, amsterdam, whenwego, otto, farmerhunt, retLT, internationaljock, splashy, Cedwyn, sidnora, dksbook, aitchdee, Lilyvt, psnyder, TexDem, NYC Sophia, Kentucky DeanDemocrat, Eyesbright, leevank, Damnit Janet, churchylafemme, texasmom, wdrath, Steven Payne, defluxion10, Catte Nappe, rlharry, riverlover, AllisonInSeattle, zerelda, Hillbilly Dem, KayCeSF, Josiah Bartlett, Sybil Liberty, xxdr zombiexx, bibble, sawgrass727, Gowrie Gal, vcmvo2, historys mysteries, radarlady, 3goldens, ichibon, Tonedevil, democracy inaction, sap, ZappoDave, citizenx, dewtx, YucatanMan, Laurence Lewis, Kevskos, eru, bleeding blue, aaraujo, Fury, Ice Blue, RichterScale, jeff in nyc, kerplunk, Ekaterin, mightymouse, xaxnar, Nowhere Man, Patriot Daily News Clearinghouse, edwardssl, profundo, bastrop, Yellow Canary, raptavio, koNko, JVolvo, unclebucky, armadillo, Turbonerd, CA Nana, doingbusinessas, Clive all hat no horse Rodeo, blueoregon, shaharazade, Statusquomustgo, Bernie68, Cartoon Messiah, pgm 01, ChadmanFL, pfiore8, Habitat Vic, Debs2, devis1, puakev, jds1978, Mary Mike, Matt Z, shesaid, pipsorcle, joedemocrat, rantsposition, jayden, second gen, carpunder, Wreck Smurfy, Timmethy, leonard145b, TomP, Empower Ink, jwinIL14, Amor Y Risa, mconvente, ferment, HappyinNM, OleHippieChick, Senor Unoball, Foundmyvoice, Tchrldy, Involuntary Exile, Buckeye Nut Schell, billpuppies, beltane, TomFromNJ, Cassandra Waites, Jeff Y, catly, glendaw271, petulans, SpamNunn, luckylizard, Piren, BYw, suesue, briefer, dmhlt 66, LaFeminista, Ellid, maggiejean, enemy of the people, artmartin, cybrestrike, Throw The Bums Out, greengemini, ewmorr, bobatkinson, Carol in San Antonio, CanyonWren, WakeUpNeo, War on Error, CamillesDad1, Bonsai66, kravitz, glitterlust, Kysen, sfarkash, Tortmaster, mahakali overdrive, collardgreens, Amber6541, Its the Supreme Court Stupid, pyegar, NJpeach, vixenflem, secret38b, appledown, Eddie L, JoanMar, pixxer, Puddytat, Kristina40, DiegoUK, Yasuragi, Patate, ericlewis0, Floande, cocinero, TheHalfrican, annieli, Maximilien Robespierre, kerflooey, Front Toward Enemy, madtownpopulist, coquiero, slowbutsure, Mr MadAsHell, Mistral Wind, CoExistNow, PorridgeGun, vjcalaska, thomask, dle2GA, BarackStarObama, Grandma Susie, IB JOHN, enhydra lutris, VTCC73, stevie avebury, cactusgal, blue aardvark, SteelerGrrl, Book of Hearts, zenox, Mentatmark, Apost8, Rashaverak, ArtemisBSG, SuWho, AnnetteK, hulibow, Chrislove, Siri, We Won, IndieGuy, S F Hippie, rukidingme, FloridaSNMOM, Horace Boothroyd III, joeschmeaux, jan4insight, teabaggerssuckbalz, carolanne, belinda ridgewood, doroma, Buckeye54, wxorknot, tytalus, jennyp, etherealfire, Glen The Plumber, Robynhood too, live1, Chaddiwicker, remembrance, JayRaye, broths, aresea, alice kleeman, kmfmstar, howabout, Smoh, solarbay, BadKitties, blue91, chicklet, night cat, Oldestsonofasailor, Nattiq,Is That A DJ In Your Pocket?
Posted in DJ Gear, Gadgets, Reviews on Feb 6th, 2008
If Ritchie Hawtin ever mates with an iPod, their love-child will certainly resemble Tonium’s new Pacemaker portable DJ mixer. The all-in-one hand-held Pacemaker emulates a traditional DJ set-up of two ‘decks” and a mixer. It features a 120 GB hard drive, pitch control, a crossfader, on-board effects, EQ control, and more. Tonium is currently taking […]Our Island boy Duchi is back and he is teamed up with Mz. Heartless which was her first time shooting showed us that her name is not all that true once she gave him head because she showed a lot of heart in that. And then she backed it up on him and next thing we know she squirted all over his dick.
Pink Kandi was being interviewed by our camera Ty Strokes and while he was asking her questions for his website he worked his way into put his dick in her mouth and she sucked him dry until he came in her face and on her tits.
We had a video shoot where Hershey Rae and Dymond Hipz male talent showed up late to, so they wasted no time in shooting their own scene eating each other out and fingering each other as well.
After a long day at work Dick James comes home and have to put in more hour with Hershey Rae a 6’1”, 220lb amazon with the measurements of 34-28-52. Watch as these two fuck and suck each other to sleep.
Watch as Pink Kandi and Black Pashion XXXL sucks DC Go Hard from Head Hunters dick and he turns the tables on them giving them all nine inches. This is a straight suck and fuck fest.
Mr. Orgasm is one of our new male talents and in this scene he lets Pink Kandi have it and they suck and fuck each other until both of them cum.
Mr. Orgasm is back and this time he has Dymond Hipz at his mercy and she gives him his first experence with the Dymond crusher and he has no other choice but to cum all in her face.
| HOME | SEE MORE | MEMBERS | JOIN NOW | LINKS |
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement.
Billing Support | Terms & Conditions | Privacy PolicyTV Land Cancels Kirstie Alley's Sitcom After Single Season
According to Deadline, TV Land has opted not to renew Kirstie Alley's series, aptly titled KIRSTIE, after a single season. KIRSTIE, which received a luke-warm welcome from critics when it premiered last December, failed to find an audience.
The series centered around Broadway star Madison "Maddie" Banks (Alley) whose life turns upside down when Arlo (Petersen), the son she gave up at birth, suddenly appears hoping to connect. Rhea Perlman ("Cheers") stars as Maddie's BFF/long-suffering assistant Thelma alongside Michael Richards ("Seinfeld") as Maddie's outlandish driver Frank.
"Kirstie" is written and executive produced by Marco Pennette and is also executive produced by Kirstie Alley and Jason Weinberg. Larry W. Jones and Keith Cox serve as executive producers for TV Land.
About Author2. Jewel Cave South
Dakota 140.060
3. Wind Cave South
Dakota 125.910
4. Lechuguilla Cave New
Mexico 121.810
5. Fisher Ridge Cave
System Kentucky 110.178
6. Friars Hole Cave
System West Virginia
45.539
7. Kazumura Cave (Lava
Tube) Hawaii 40.700
8. Organ (Greenbrier)
Cave System West
Virginia 38.452
9. Blue Spring Cave
(Saltpeter) Tennessee
33.390
10. Martin Ridge System
(Wig.,Jackpot,Martin)
Kentucky 32.239
11. Hellhole West
Virginia 28.280
12. Crevice Cave
Missouri 28.201
13. Wakulla-Leon Sinks
Cave System(Under Water)
Florida 28.030
14. Cumberland
Cave(Saltpeter)
Tennessee 27.616
15. Scott Hollow Cave
West Virginia 27.000
16. Carlsbad Cavern New
Mexico 26.840
17. Omega System
Virginia 24.670
18. Sloans Valley Cave
System Kentucky 24.640
19. Xanadu Cave System
Tennessee 23.799
20. The Hole (Boggs
Cave) West Virginia
23.003
21. Coral Cave System
Kentucky 22.560
22. Sugar Run Cave
System Virginia 22.500
23. Binkley's Cave
System Indiana 22.182
24. Hidden River System
(Hicks Cave) Kentucky
21.100
25. Culverson Creek Cave
System West Virginia
20.928
26. Lilburn Cave
California 20.810
27. Blue Spring Cave
Indiana 20.810
28. Chestnut Ridge Cave
System Virginia 20.110
29. Lost River Cave
System Indiana 20.043
30. Honey Creek Cave
Texas 19.947
31. Moore Cave System
(Berome & Tom) Missouri
18.000
32. Windymouth (Wind)
Cave West Virginia
18.000
33. Fitton (Beauty) Cave
Arkansas 17.500
34.
Hualalai Ranch Cave
(Lava Tube) Hawaii
17.265
35. Thornhill Cave
System Kentucky 17.232
36. Coldwater Cave Iowa
17.005
37. Kipuka
Kanohina (Kula Kai
Caverns) (Lava Tube)
Hawaii 16.5
38. McClung
Cave System West
Virginia 16.400
39.
Butler-Sinking Creek
System Virginia 16.010
40. Mystery Cave System
Missouri 15.842
41.
Rumbling Falls Cave.
Tennessee 15.695
42. Fern
Cave (597) Alabama
15.630
43. Mountain Eye
Cave System (Saltpeter)
Tennessee 15.587
44.
Nunley Mtn.Cave System
Tennessee 15.152
45. Cave
Creek Cave System
Kentucky 15.010
46.
Foglepole Cave Illinois
15.000
47. Benedicts
(Persinger) Cave West
Virginia 14.850
48. Big
Horn - Horsethief Cave
System Wyoming/Montana
14.6
49. Rimstone River
Cave Missouri 14.200
50.
Powell's Cave System
Texas 14.199
Spelunking
The challenges of the sport depend on the
cave being visited, but often include the
negotiation of pitches, squeezes, and water.
Climbing or crawling is often necessary, , the most accessible caves have
already been explored, and gaining access to
new caves often requires digging or diving.
Caves have been explored out of necessity, vacationsThis listing of the
longest caves in America is constantly being revised as we experience and visit and find new caves all around the United States. So, if you
feel we are missing one, please email
us and let us
know!
This listing of the
longest caves in America is constantly being revised as we experience and visit and find new caves all around the United States. So, if you
feel we are missing one, please email
us and let us
know!Can someone please buy the girl some knickers?!!!!
Honestly, what was she thinking?!!! Who walks the red carpet commando?
These are just some of the thoughts we’ve been having as we scratch our heads over the news broke that our Diva Inspiration for December, Anne Hathaway had a major wardrobe malfunction at the recent Les Miserables premiere.
We thought most A List actresses wore eight layers of SPANX under their dresses!
Anne.”
Don’t feel exposed about your self-care. Carry your diabetes self-care supplies in your bag so you’re ready and able to deal with unexpected high’s and low’s. Glucose tablets are inexpensive and small enough to fit in your pocket or a small bag.
Mr. Divabetic plays his nutrition game, Serve, Taste or Trash! in Central Park
TUNE IN: Free Diabetes Podcast Inspired by Anne Hathaway with guests: Neva White DNP, CRNP, CDE, Cheryl Marco CDE, Patricia Addie-Gentle RN, CDE, author Dr. Beverly S. Adler, Mama Rose Marie and Lorraine from Long Island, NY living with diabetes
Experience Mr. Divabetic’s wellness with a wow programming in Tucson, AZ, Santa Clara, CA, Philadelphia, PA, Savannah, GA and Bethesda, MD in 2013. Get more details atWant Tickets To 'The Human Centipede 3' Premiere?
BREAKING NEWS!
On May 18, 2015, the much-anticipated movie “The Human Centipede 3 – Final Sequence” will have its world premiere in Los Angeles, CA. Usually, fans can only dream of watchin...
'The Human Centipede III (Final Sequence)' Has Arrived!
Paul Walker Celebrated In Premiere
"Furious 7's" star Paul Walker died in a car crash during a break from filming in November 2013.
"You know I am going to speak," Diesel remarked. "I'm going to tell you something, last year it was really hard to come back to work."
"This movie is more than a movie," said Diesel. "You'll feel it when you see it. Something emotional happens to you."
Diesel concluded his speech by remarking that everyon...
Vin Diesel's Scoop On 'Fast And Furious 8'
Vin Diesel's Daughter's Name Is Extra Special
'Killing Jesus' Premieres Tonight On National Geographic
The movie, co-produced by Ridley Scott, Oscar-nominated director of Alien, Thelma & Louise, Gladiator and Black Hawk Down, makes it world premiere on Sunday March 29, 2015 at 8:00 pm/7:00 pm central on the National Geographic Channel.
Following the screening I spoke one-on-one with O’Reilly and the film’s cast. When I as...
Happy Birthday!
Bikinis 2014!
5 Better Valentine’s Day Movies Than 'Fifty Shades Of Grey'
“Last Tango in Paris” (1972) *NSFW*
No movie was more scandalized than this French/Ameri...
'Fifty Shades Of Grey' (Unrated Edition) Released
Curious For More? 'Fifty Shades Of Grey' Arrives On Blu-ray & DVD May 8
Jenna Dewan-Tatum Photos: Actress Dazzles As She Supports Hubby At 'Jupiter Ascending' Premiere
The gorgeous brunette showed off her slim figure in a Cushnie Et Ochs gown with see-through mesh cutouts on the sides.
Related: Jenna Dewan And Kristen Bell Take It All Off For Allure's 'Nudes Issue'
Unfortunately for the actress, whose Lifetime show "Witches of East End" was just axed in November, she had to share her man with the film's other star, actress Mila Kunis, for photos before the movie.
Kutcher was there to support his fiancee, however he chose no...
Jenna Dewan-Tatum Posts Adorable Pic Of Her Daughter
Fashion From The 87th Annual Academy Awards - The Best & Worst Dressed
Did Tom Cruise And The Church Of Scientology Tap Nicole Kidman's Phone Lines?
And according to those who saw "Going Clear" at the festival, the film has revealed startling new information about Scientology, and just how deeply it cuts into the entertainment industry.
It's so much more horrible than you'd think.
For one, the film claims that the Church was not a fan of Tom Cruise's wife Nicole Kidman (her father is a psychiatrist, and psychiatrists are the enemy), and at Cruise's request...
1980s Heartthrobs Then & Now (Photos)
Is Tom Cruise Too Busy For His Daughter Suri?
Brad Pitt & Kids Fill In For Sick Angelina Jolie
_21<<
Rumor Patrol: Duggar Baby Makes History & More
Who Has The Shaggiest Beard?...
Banks Tears Into Tara Reid
DVD Review: 'Little Accidents' - Is It Worth The Money?...
FHM's Sexiest Woman In the World Is Stunningly Beautiful (Photos)
Jennifer Lawrence & Chris Martin's WeekendContrary to what skeptics may say, it is still possible to work at home online and earn extra income for your family. There are scores of ways to earn cash via the Internet. One of the simplest and easiest ways to do so is by filling out paid online surveys.
Believe it or not, there are a number of legitimate survey companies which were accredited by Better Business Bureau or BBB for short. One good example is My Survey -Lightspeed Research, which has a BBB rating of A+.
Though not accredited by BBB, Global Test Survey is one of the most reliable and long standing survey companies. You do not have to acquire special skills to fill out their surveys. All you need to do is fill out all their profile surveys, basic, technology, or whatever.
Once you have done this, you can be sure of receiving regular survey invitations. Normally, the surveys do not expire within a few days. So, you can fill them out at your own pace. Sit, relax and enjoy giving your opinions about various issues in the country anonymously. After accumulating around 1000 points, you can cash out the points for US$50.
If you are not keen on surveys, but love the idea of communicating with others online, the perfect job for you might be blogging. With a record of over 2 billion WWW users worldwide, nothing can beat blogging when it comes to earning money via affiliate marketing like Google AdSense or promoting services to online audience.
The problem is that there are thousands and thousands of bloggers worldwide these days. So, how do you have an edge over them? Be smart and blog while you are on the go.
It is hardly possible to get a good page ranking, scores of followers and so on if you do not practice intensive’ blogging. Blog while there are some minutes to spare during TV advertisements, waiting for public transport or at any other time.
Be smart phone savvy and prepare for the future of mobile marketing overtaking Internet marketing, as predicted by technology experts. The main problem is finding a good mobile platform for you to blog the same way you can do on your computer, unless you are smart enough to opt for Blog Beast by Empower Network. Synchronize everything from your computer to smartphone and vice versa easily and quickly enough.
In short, work at home online to earn money is possible even now. But, how much money you earn is dependent on whether you are smart enough to make good use of the latest technology.
————————
Les Wilson invites you to visit his make money website to learn how to make money online. Join JV With Jeff for free information to help you start making money today.Coventry Office - 02476 017 701 Leamington Office - 01926 887 723Rugby Office - 01788 550 800
`Best Marketing & PromotionalCampaign 2010`
"Team of the Year 2011"
"Best Marketing & PromotionalCampaign 2012"
"Luke Bayliss
Best Employee 2012"
"Runner Up Small Business of the Year 2012"
&
"Runner Up Business of the Year 2012"
guide price
£124,950
2 Bedrooms | 2 Bathrooms
£105,000
3 Bedrooms | 1 Bathrooms
£275,000
2 Bedrooms | 1 Bathrooms
offers over
£230,000
4 Bedrooms | 2 Bathrooms
£235,000
3 Bedrooms | 0 Bathrooms
Whether you are selling or buying a house in Rugby, Leamington, Coventry, Kenilworth, Warwick or indeed the entire Warwickshire area one thing that is imperative is finding estate agents that you can trust. And a knowledgeable and friendly team is exactly what you’ll find here at Complete Estate Agents; so much so that we won the ‘Team of the year 2011’ award at the local business awards!
Our unrivalled reputation and outstanding local knowledge puts us in a position that means we can provide you with only the highest quality service, our customers not only come back to us time after time, our client list is ever-expanding mainly due to the amount of referrals from happy customers that have had the ‘Complete’ service.!
Copyright © 2014 Complete Estate Agents 247 :: Design by Red Box StaffordStats & Rankings for NiniSly
@NiniSly
NiniSly joined Twitter on 2007-12-08 09:17:43
Ranked 2,566,309th in the world by followers
Ranked 4,812th by followers in 'Madrid'
See even more detailed NiniSly Twitter stats at Twitter Counter.
Want to be featured here and get more followers too? Find out how on Twitter CounterCoral Princess Cruise Review by EverydayDisasters: Coral Princess OK
Compare Prices on Coral Princess Alaska Cruises
Coral Princess OK
No one could be unhappy on this ship - clean; reasonable food (occasionally really salty but flavorful - as if someone got into the best cheese for cooking but forgot to adjust the salt; friendly staff, beautiful scenery.
air travel - use care with the Princess-associated air travel bookings. The ship times listed are for true departure; not last boarding. The air booking company treats the times as last boarding. The ship organizes various introductory contests in the hours before departure so it's best to get there several hours early. It wasn't pleasant being told by every check-in/security stop that we were too late and might not get on - as if we were bad - on the other hand, my husband was really pleased to miss the safety lecture. Check flight times carefully - I'm not really clear why a flight from anchorage to NYC through Texas - taking 4 extra hours and no savings over shorter 4-hour shorter flights would even be considered an option.
Naturalist lecture - More Dr. Ryan - I know it's hard to talk for hours on end about ice melting but saying things like "'supposedly' 9,000 people perished in the tsunami" and the current rate of glacier melt is nothing more than part of the natural cycle are a bit suspect.
Bingo - turn up early to buy $20 (3 cards/game)forms. Later only $40 (9-card + 3-card bonus for snowball game) forms were available. Watch out for the fast reading of numbers for the snowball game. I caught a missed number while the winner was being checked. On the way out I said "that last round was fast' to my friend. A host of comments from people around us came back that it was and that the announcer had been asked to go slower yesterday but after a couple of numbers he/she had sped up again. We speculated it was a tactic to help the snowball last until the last bingo session.
Pictures - The candid photographers definitely subscribed to volume over quality. If you want a candid photo be prepared to aggressively ask for a background of the glacier instead of metal dividers growing out of your head (College Ford)or a retake if they flashed before you were ready (dinner/embarkation/every disembarkation). Lines for a formal shot on the stairs were long. The photographer with the background that appeared black was really a very flattering blue. If you just want a portrait shot to update your Facebook be sure to try the shorter lines the first night & check out other people's shots from the first night. The photographer with the shortest lines took the most flattering shots (black/blue background). Less
Published 07/30/13
Read more Coral Princess cruise reviews >>
Read Cruise Critic's Coral Princess Review >>
Compare Prices on Coral Princess Alaska Cruises
Cabin review: B215
B-215 Great, unobstructed view of College Ford & bridge. 4 small drawers in desk, closet with shelves, closet with lots of hangers for storage. (no chest of drawers) 10 & 11 deck (B&C) were considered best views.
Simply Not Enough to Do
What Is Six Star Cruising?
Westerdam, Alaska
Alaska Made Up for Cruise Expe...
Massively Annoying
Bucket List; What a Great Crui...
Unexceptional Experience Marre...
San Francisco-Vancouver
Alaska Made Up for Cruise Expe...
Sponsored Links2013-01-17
From Geo Hashing
Expedition Archives from January 2013
Wednesday 16 January 2013 | Thursday 17 January 2013 | Friday 18 January 2013
See also: Category:Meetup on 2013-01-17
Coordinates
West of -30°: .3430996, .5303139
East of -30°: .2166528, .4882833
Globalhash: -51.002503759148, -4.2180238943604 (GeoNames)
Photo Gallery
Expeditions and Plans
Update this list.Note: passwords are case-sensitive
3D is here - the Christie Mirage J Series models will help you make the most of it.
3D technology can benefit a variety of applications. Our customers are amazed at how 3D projection:
As a pioneer in the development of 3D projection technology, only Christie has the expertise that’s needed for today’s emerging 3D display applications. The Christie Mirage J Series models offer:
Christie Mirage J Series projectors are compatible with today’s 3D home entertainment requirements and are ready for Blu-Ray 3D™ video, PS3 and other gaming consoles, meeting the mandatory 3D spec for HDMI v1.4a. To ensure your 3D solution is complete, Christie also offers a range of accessories that include 3D glasses (active and passive), emitters and filters.
Christie understands 3D – Mirage J Series.
Watch the video
Choose the model that best fits your needs and budget, and know that all this is backed by Christie’s three-year warranty and our industry-leading service and support.
Above models offer the following standard input cards: Slot 1-2 populated, standard: two Dual Link DVI-D (330 MHz) input cards (each has VGA (165 MHz) for 3D or dual input 3D compatibility) with HDMI 1.3 receiver • Slot 3-4 unpopulated
Enhanced feature sets for all models: ...
Kelly Clarkson Is Embracing Musical Freedom: “I Have No Frigging Clue What’s Coming Next”
Kelly Clarkson is officially a free agent. Her latest album Piece by Piece was the final release in a six-album deal she signed... ...
Illinois Names State Pie And Veggie
Normal 0 false false false EN-US X-NONE X-NONE ...
Man In Custody Again For Murder
30-year-old Alvin Beasley of Danville, IL was convicted in 2012 for second degree murder for the shooting death of 17-year-old Deyron Mul...
Boaters Urged to Maintain Safety Mindset
Before leaving the dock for Memorial Day Weekend fun, authorities are using National Safe Boating Week to encourage Illinois boaters to k...
National Sports
- Warriors survive Harden onslaught to forge 2-0 lead
- Ex-NFL star Sharper set to change plea in federal rape case
- Ducks hand Blackhawks first home loss, lead series 2-1
- Cuba, U.S. wrestlers tussle in Times Square
- 'Good memories' help Weekley into four-way tie for lead
National
- California wine country hit by 4.1 quake
- Armed elderly woman in hours-long standoff with California police
- FBI arrests two suspected Islamic State recruits in California: NBC News
- Exclusive: Feds probe L.A.-area casino over cash transactions
- Suspect in Washington quadruple killing apprehended: police
World
- Stretched Afghan army falls back on militias to help defend Kunduz
- Three Ukrainian servicemen killed in fighting in eastern Ukraine: Kiev military
- Polish court seeks U.S. help on Polanski case by August 8
- Saudi-led coalition steps up air strikes on Houthis in Yemen's Sanaa: residents
- China says U.S. actions in South China Sea 'irresponsible, dangerous'
Business
- Nokia CEO says in no hurry to sell mapping unit HERE: magazine
- Lufthansa CEO advocates random psych tests for pilots: FAZ
- ECB's Draghi calls for reform, points to Europe's modest prospects
- Greece sees reforms deal with lenders in next 10 days
- Mazda, Mitsubishi add 624,000 more cars to Takata air bag recall
Politics
- How an off-the-cuff remark shaped Jeb Bush's economic vision for U.S.
- Former Connecticut Governor Rowland allowed bond during appeal
- House panel issues subpoena to Fed over 2012 information leak
- Mexico weighs U.S. meat product sanctions after WTO ruling
- Senate Democrats press for Amtrak funding increase
Health
- U.S. bird flu causing egg squeeze, emergency measures
- Rembrandt Enterprises to temporarily cut Minn. staff due to bird flu
- Gastric bypass helps treat diabetes, but has risks
- Otonomy's ear drug fails mid-stage trial, shares slide
- At-home walking program group support helps people with poor leg circulation
- Disney to bring mobile technology to more parksI have a 330 ft well. ph is 6.5-7. Hardness, 36g/gal. Iron, 10-15ppm. TDS 1800ppm. My flow rate is 5.5 gal. p. m. I have 120 gallons stored in the well pipe and in 22 minutes I can run it all out as the well recovery rate is only 1/2 gal. p.m.. I schocked the well recently ( the above figures are from after shocking, the iron content was much higher before it was shocked.) and the water comes out of the faucet clear and then over time in a cup turns a little rusty whereas before shocking it came out rusty immediately. Is it possible the 300 ft. of pipe is rusty on the inside and contributing to the iron problem? If so, is there stainless steel pipe or pvc pipe that can be used? Is there a solution to using this well and cleaning up the water? One bid I recieved was for a Sanitizer Plus with zeolite at a cost of just under $5,000. Dragster Motorcycle Killacycle Electric: 7.824 @ 168.000
Scotty Pollacheck, Engine: Advanced DC L-91 (two),,
1999 Peugeot 306 Rally: 14.078 @ 99.560
Thill Emile, Engine: 2,0 - 16V, Tires: Uniroyal Rainsport 1 - 195/45/15
©2015 DragTimes - Disclaimer - Contact UsIn December, the number of internet users in Cuba increased by 10 per cent, at the same time as some sectors complained that the access speed (209 megabits per second for outgoing transmission and 379 megabits per second for incoming transmission) is insufficient.
The Cuban newspaper Juventud Rebelde said that this is a minimum figure and compared the figures with those of Mexico (which has an average of 1.1 megabits per second). Yet it conceded that 'it is still insufficient for the development needs of the country's IT sector'.
The problem is that internet connection on the island has to be provided via satellite, because the US embargo, imposed in 1962, blocks access to the undersea cables that would ensure a higher quality service. When the Western powers talk of censorship on the island and the lack of information for its citizens, they always avoid making reference to the US policy in this field.
Deputy Minister of Informatics and Communications, Ramon Linares, said the situation will improve in 2011, when a new underwater fibre-optic cable linking Cuba to Venezuela is due to come online. But he cautioned that this may not necessarily mean a radical change. He supports a policy of prioritizing social access, allowing personal accounts only to certain professionals - such as doctors and journalists - because the limitations are not just technological, 'but also financial'. This implies that the State currently subsidizes the internet services which are provided to universities and cultural, scientific and study centres.
Two years ago, President Raúl Castro freed up the sale of computers, but access to the internet is still limited. There are 11.2 million Cubans on the island but only 630,000 computers and network access for 1.4 million, according to official figures, which are similar to those of other countries across the region. Cubans have access to email services but they cost $1.50 per hour; accessing global networks in hotels costs $7 per hour. Such expenses are clearly prohibitive when the monthly salary averages $20. However, some Cubans gain internet access illegally by paying a monthly fee to a supplier who sidesteps the State's monopoly service.
A few days ago, US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton hailed the United States as a guardian of free speech, declaring that the US is the cradle of the internet and that it has a 'responsibility' to ensure free access to it. Countries that restrict free access to information via the web violate the 'fundamental rights of internet users,' she said.
Clinton must now practice what she preaches, and ensure that the embargo on digital access to Cuba is removed. This would immediately give millions of Cubans cheap access to the internet. Such an action would undoubtedly be much more effective in promoting freedom and democracy that the restrictions imposed by the embargo itself.
Leave your comment
Registration is quick and easy. Plus you won’t have to re-type the blurry words to comment!
Register | Login
...And all is quiet.
Guidelines: Please be respectful of others when posting your reply.UFDC Home | Help | RSS TABLE OF CONTENTS HIDE Historic note Front Cover Credits Table of Contents Introduction Feeds and feeding Water Care of workstock Breaking and training colts Grooming Examining a horse for soundnes... Common unsoundness and blemish... Back Cover Group Title: Bulletin - University of Florida. Agricultural Extension Service ; no. 117 Title: Workstock in Florida CITATION THUMBNAILS PAGE IMAGE ZOOMABLE Full Citation STANDARD VIEW MARC VIEW Permanent Link: Material Information Title: Workstock in Florida Series Title: Bulletin Physical Description: 38 p. : ill. ; 23 cm. Language: English Creator: Shealy, A. LSheely, W. J Publisher: Cooperative Extension Service Place of Publication: Gainesville Fla Publication Date: <1943> Subjects Subject: Livestock -- Florida ( lcsh ) Genre: government publication (state, provincial, terriorial, dependent) ( marcgt )non-fiction ( marcgt ) Notes Statement of Responsibility: by A.L. Shealy and W.J. Sheely. General Note: "January, 1943." Funding: Bulletin (University of Florida. Agricultural Extension Division) Record Information Bibliographic ID: UF00026382 Volume ID: VID00001 Source Institution: University of Florida Rights Management: All rights reserved by the source institution and holding location. Resource Identifier: aleph - 002571125oclc - 44716401notis - AMT7440 Table of Contents Historic note Historic note Front Cover Page 1 Credits Page 2 Table of Contents Page 3 Introduction Page 3 Feeds and feeding Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 Page 10 Page 11 Page 12 Water Page 13 Care of workstock Page 14 Page 15 Page 16 Page 17 Page 18 Page 19 Page 20 Breaking and training colts Page 21 Grooming Page 22 Examining a horse for soundness Page 23 Page 24 Page 25 Common unsoundness and blemishes Page 26 Page 27 Page 28 Page 29 Page 30 Page 31 Page 32 Page 33 Page 34 Page 35 Page 36 Page 37 Page 38 Back Cover Page 8uil SJanuary. 1943 AL.AttTA, .,,rGIA WORKSTOCK IN FLORIDA By A. L. SHEALY and W. J. SHEELY AGRICULTURAL EXTENSION SERVICE GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA ~~t~u r .1 COOPERATIVE EXTENSION WORK IN AGRICULTURE AND HOME ECONOMICS (Acts of May 8 and June 30, 1914) AGRICULTURAL EXTENSION SERVICE, UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA FLORIDA STATE COLLEGE FOR WOMEN AND UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE COOPERATING WILMON NEWELL, Director BOARD OF CONTROL H. P. ADAIR, Chairman, Jacksonville N. B. JORDAN, Quincy T. T. SCOTT, Live Oak THOSE. W. BRYANT, Lakeland R. H. GORE, Fort Lauderdale J. T. DIAMOND, Secretary, Tallahassee STAFF, AGRICULTURAL EXTENSION SERVICE JOHN J. TIGERT, M.A., LL.D., President of the University WILMON NEWELL, D.Sc., Director of Extension' A. P. SPENCER, M.S., Vice-Director J. FRANCIS COOPER, M.S.A., Editor' CLYDE BEALE, A.B.J., Assistant Editor' JEFFERSON THOMAS, Assistant Editor' FRANK M. DENNIS, B.S.A., Supervisor, Egg-Laying Test RUBY NEWHALL, Administrative Manager' Cooperative Agricultural Demonstration Work W. T. NETTLES, B.S., District Agent H. G. CLAYTON, M.S.A., Coordinator with AAA J. LEE SMITH, District Agent and Agronomist E. F. DEBUSK, B.S., Citriculturist and District Agent R. S. DENNIS, B.S.A., Assistant Coordinator with AAA R. W. BLACKLOCK, A.B., Boys' Club Agent N. H. MCQUEEN, B.S.A., Assistant Boys' Club Agent A. L. SHEALY, D.V.M., Animal Industrialist' HAMLIN L. BROWN, B.S., Dairyman N. R. MEHRHOF, M.AGR., Poultryman' A. W. O'STEEN, B.S.A., Assistant Poultryman WALTER J. SHEELY, B.S., Animal Husbandman L. T. NIELAND, Farm Forester C. V. NOBLE, PH.D., Agricultural Economist' CHARLES M. HAMPSON, M.S., Agricultural Economist, Farm Management R. H. HOWARD, M.S.A., Agricultural Economist, Farm Management V. V. BOWMAN, M.S.A., Economist in Marketing R. V. ALLISON, PH.D., Soil Conservationist' K. S. MCMULLEN, B.S Negro Extension Work A. A. TURNER, Local District Agent BEULAH SHUTE, Local District Agent 1 Part-time. . Florida Cooperative Extension Fig. 1.-Typical cowboy in Florida, with regular equipment. The horse is trained to "work" cattle. Fig. 2.-A group of two-year-old mules on a Florida livestock farm. These mules are out of native mares as shown in Fig. 11 and are sired by the Mammoth jack shown in Fig. 14. (L. K. Edwards farm.) Fig. 3.-Quarter mares owned by a Florida cattleman and used in raising cow horses. suffer a decided loss of efficiency in work. On the average farm the grain portion of the ration is divided into three equal parts and fed morning, noon, and night. The hay should be fed mainly at night so that ample time is given for mastication and digestion of the roughage. Only high grade feed should be given to workstock. Grain that is spoiled or musty often produces digestive disorders, including colic and diarrhea. Death may result from such disorders. Botulism and other types of "forage poisoning" may result from the feeding of improperly cured and mouldy hay. Feed not suited for workstock can be fed to cattle with safety, since cattle are not subject to many of the digestive disorders found in workstock. The correct amount of feed is important, since enough feed should be given to furnish energy for work and for the repair of tissues, yet too much feed should not be given since there is danger of producing colic and other digestive disorders. The fol- lowing feeding schedule is suggested and applies to horses and mules alike: At work-1 to 11 pounds of grain and 1 pound of hay for each 100 pounds weight. Florida Cooperative Extension Fig. 4.-A Morgan stallion owned by a cattleman and used to improve breeding and work horses. At light work-One-half pound of grain and 1 pound hay for each 100 pounds live weight. Idle-Practically no grain and all the hay the horse or mule will clean up. Grazing workstock on pasture when not at work is recommended. CONCENTRATE FEEDS The rations of workstock do not include the large variety of feeds generally found in the rations of other farm animals. The requirements of workstock are different and experience has shown that horses and mules do well on a limited variety of grain. In the South the grain is limited primarily to oats and corn. Oats.-No other single grain feed is quite as suitable for work- stock as oats. Their slight bulkiness makes them the safest of all grains for horses and mules. Oats form a loose mass within the digestive system, thereby permitting the digestive juices to act readily upon the feed, whereas other grains produce a hard mass that oftentimes causes digestive disorders. Oats should not be ground for horses that have sound teeth and are able to masticate feed properly. Varieties of oats have been developed by Agronomists of the Workstock in Florida Agricultural Experiment Station that are resistant to rust and make comparatively high yields for Florida. With the expansion in oats production as a result of these findings, more oats will be available for workstock in this state in the future. In farm practice often oats are cut with a mower just prior to maturity and the entire plant is made into hay. Oat hay is valu- able as a feed for workstock, but in some cases the mature grain is sacrificed for the hay and the feeding value of the product is lower than grain oats fed with some other type of hay. When oat hay is fed, a small allowance of corn may be necessary if the animal is on full work. In sections of the state where grain must be purchased for workstock it is quite desirable that a high grade of oats be con- sidered, since there is no better feed for workstock than oats. Corn.-Since corn is produced on more farms in Florida than oats, it is logical to use this feed as the main grain feed for work- stock, even though oats are more desirable. Corn is less bulky than oats. It is quite common for horses and mules to eat too much corn and consequently develop digestive disorders. Corn is more heat-producing than oats, and in hot weather it is im- portant to make sure that horses and mules are not over-fed on it. Corn is usually fed on the cob. Since the thick husk of the ear corn is left on the ear in gathering corn in this state, it is recom- mended that the corn be husked or "shucked" before it is fed to workstock. Ear corn is more desirable than shelled corn for workstock, since it requires more time to bite the corn from the cob, thereby preventing bolting. Ordinarily it is not necessary to grind corn for horses; how- ever, it is well to crack the corn for horses with bad teeth. ROUGHAGES On most farms in this state it is possible to provide some type of homegrown hay for the workstock. The difficulty of curing hay is recognized; however, if the hay crops are planted late in the season generally it is possible to cure hay in the early fall months (September and October). Cowpea Hay.-If cut at the proper stage of maturity and if good "hay curing" weather prevails, it is possible to make a high grade hay from cowpeas. Many farmers cut the cowpeas too late to make high grade hay. If the cutting is delayed until some of the peas become mature most of the leaves have already shed and about all that is left are stems and a few peas. It should be re- Fig. 5.-The operator of several farms mounted on a Walking-horse, which provides both pleasure and ease of riding. membered that the feeding value of cowpea hay is mainly in the leaves. Hence, the vines should be cut when there is maximum foliage. This stage is reached when the bloom begins to appear on the vines. Leafy, properly cured cowpea hay is one of the very best roughages that may be fed to workstock. During winter months when the workstock are idle they can be main- tained on cowpea hay alone. Natal Grass Hay.-In many sections of Florida, especially the sandy ridges, natal grass comes in as a volunteer crop from year to year. This grass has a fine stem and therefore cures readily. When cut in the early bloom stage it makes excellent hay. High grade natal grass hay is equal in feeding value to timothy hay. Workstock in Florida Kudzu Hay.-Kudzu is a perennial that produces large yields of hay when the plants become well established, which generally requires three to four years. The plants are very leafy and the stems are relatively small. Kudzu cures easily and makes hay with a high feeding value. Soybean Hay.-In sections of the state where soybeans can be grown, hay from this crop might be used as feed for workstock. Experiments have shown that soybean hay is higher in feeding value than Johnson grass hay. The soybean vines should be cut before the leaves begin to drop; otherwise the hay will be too fibrous. Johnson Grass Hay.-Johnson grass is found abundantly in the South. It is a close relative of the sorghums and is a perennial. Two or three cuttings may be obtained per year when the grass is growing on a heavy soil. The grass should be cut when in the early bloom stage. If cut at a later stage the hay consists pri- marily of stems. If cut at the proper stage the feeding value of Johnson grass hay is equal to that of timothy for workstock. On farms where Johnson grass is not already established, its introduction is not recommended. Peanut Hay.-Some farmers feed peanut hay to horses and mules. While peanut hay has proven to be a desirable roughage for cattle, it is somewhat dangerous to feed to horses. Generally, peanut hay contains a considerable amount of sand and other foreign matter. Foreign matter lowers the palatability of the hay for workstock and sand, even though only a small amount is consumed at each feeding, is dangerous to the horse. The large intestine of the horse has large bends or flexures in its course and sand will accumulate within these areas, producing the con- dition known as "sanded" in the horse or mule. If it is necessary to use peanut hay for workstock, only clean hay that contains as little sand as possible should be fed. Timothy Hay.-At times it is necessary to purchase hay, and in such instances it is well to consider the use of timothy hay for workstock. Timothy hay, of high quality, is considered the roughage supreme for horses and mules, since it has a fine stem, cures readily and generally is bright and not dusty. Since tim- othy cures easily, the hay is generally free from mold. PASTURES One of the most important sources of feed for workstock is pasture. In Florida a large number of improved grasses may be Florida Cooperative Extension used in establishing pastures for horses and mules. It is easy to neglect pastures for workstock, yet the feed costs on this class of farm animals will be materially reduced if pastures are provided. The feeding program for workstock is not complete without the use of pastures. Many farmers have pastures on which the horses or mules are turned each night during the spring, summer and early fall months. These pastures are located near the barns and paddocks and furnish a large amount or all of the roughage the workstock receive. Larger pastures are provided for mares and colts, especially on cattle ranches where several brood mares and colts are kept. The mares and colts have the run of the pas- ture at all times. The succulent feed provided by a pasture keeps the workstock in excellent physical condition, since the green feed serves some- what as a natural laxative and improves the wellbeing of the animal. Millet Pasture.-Millet furnishes one of the best types of pas- ture that can be provided. The variety used is Pearl or cat-tail millet. This is an annual crop, and when efforts are made to con- Fig. 6.-A millet pasture furnishes succulent feed and reduces the cost of keeping workstock. Workstock in Florida trol internal parasites in animals it is often desirable to use an annual crop such as millet. The millet seed may be planted in February or March, either broadcast or in rows, and the horses or mules are turned on the grazing crop when the plants are 10 to 12 inches high. It is well to have at least two fields so that the plant growth will not be grazed too closely, since continuous close grazing will kill millet. However, the millet will not give maxi- mum grazing unless grazed reasonably close. It should be grazed back 4 to 6 inches, then allowed to grow to 12 to 18 inches and then grazed again. If it is not kept grazed rather closely it will begin to form seed heads and mature. At that stage the plant is no longer valuable in providing succulent feed for grazing. If managed properly, workstock can be grazed on millet from May to September. Permanent Pastures.-Such improved pasture grasses as car- pet, Bermuda, Dallis, Bahia and Para are used in establishing permanent pastures for workstock. The variety of improved grass to use will depend largely on the soil type. The County Agricultural Agent in any county, or workers in the Agronomy Department, Florida Agricultural Experiment Station, Gaines- ville, can give advice regarding what variety of grass to plant in any county in the state. On any type of improved pasture it is necessary to keep the weeds and briers mowed if maximum grazing is to be obtained. MINERALS All feed, including pasture, for workstock is deficient in com- mon salt, hence the necessity of supplying salt to horses and mules. Salt is supplied best in a box that is built as a part of the manger for animals that are fed in stables or under sheds. For horses and mules kept in corrals a covered mineral box may be built in the corrals where they have access to it. Horses kept in pastures should have a covered mineral box placed near the water supply. The type of salt used is a matter of personal preference on the part of the horse owner. Some owners use plain common table salt or flake salt, while others insist on block salt. It makes no difference in what form common salt is supplied just so the an- imals get the amount they need. The practice of putting block salt on stumps or other objects where the salt is exposed to the summer rains is wasteful. Experiments have shown that horsesand mules require from one-half ounce to two ounces of salt daily. Animals at hard work Fig. 7.-Horses often are shown at community fairs, which encourages improvement in workstock breeding. and that sweat profusely need more salt than those at light work or idle. There is a marked individual difference in salt require- ments of workstock, some animals needing much more than others. Since some soils in this state are deficient in calcium and phos- phorus, in such areas it is necessary to supply these elements to workstock, especially if the animals are allowed to graze on pas- tures to any great extent. Pregnant brood mares and those nurs- ing foals certainly should receive calcium and phosphorus supple- ments. Calcium and phosphorus can best be supplied by allowing the animal access to steamed bonemeal (feeding bonemeal), which should be kept in a separate compartment of the mineral box. It is necessary to keep the bonemeal dry at all times, since it putrefies in a short time after becoming wet. Horses and mules are apt to develop digestive disorders and botulism if they eat the "spoiled" bonemeal. Only the "feeding" grade of steamed bonemeal should be given to farm animals. Young growing colts need bonemeal to build strong bones. The brood mare needs this mineral compound to keep the production of milk at the normal level. If she does not get the bonemeal or some other source of calcium and phosphorus, nature will actually remove it from her own bones and put it in her milk in order to maintain the constant level of ash in the milk. This removal of minerals from the mare's bones weakens them. Workstock that graze a considerable part of the year on herb- Workstock in Florida age produced on the grey and white sandy soils in this state may require iron and copper supplements. Workers at the Florida Ex- periment Station have observed responses in workstock given the so-called "salt sick" mineral mixture. This mixture consists of common salt 100 pounds, red oxide of iron 25 pounds, pulverized copper sulphate 1 pound, and cobalt chloride 2 ounces. When animals are allowed to graze extensively on pastures developed on the deep sandy soils in this state it is well to place a small amount of this mineral mixture before them to determine if they actually need the minerals. The animals will eat the mineral mixture if they actually need it. To supply all the minerals needed by workstock kept on some Florida soi s a three-compartment mineral box should be pro- vided-one compartment for common salt, a second for feeding bonemeal, and a third for the "salt sick" lick. WATER An ample supply of good water for workstock is just as im- portant as an adequate feed supply. Horses and mules will drink Fig. 8.-An American Saddle Horse stallion which stands well on its fetlocks. Note depth and fulness of chest, giving large girth. Florida Cooperative Extension more water when at hard work than when at light work or idle. The average water consumption daily per individual horse or mule is from 10 to 12 gallons, depending upon the season of the year and amount of work performed. Formerly it was thought that workstock should be watered only before feeding, since it was thought that if they were watered just after eating the water would flush out the ingested feed from the stomach. Experiments have shown that it makes no difference when animals drink water, whether immediately before, during or just after feeding. The best arrangement of stables and corrals is one whereby the horse can get water when desired. If water is not available in the stall or at the place of feeding, it is well to give water im- mediately before feeding, since a thirsty animal eating dry feed is decidedly uncomfortable. At night, when the greater portion of the roughage is fed, the horse should receive water after eat- ing the hay if it is at all possible to provide such watering facili- ties. A large bucket can be placed in each stall or stable so that water might be provided at night. During hot weather workstock should be watered more fre- quently than the generally accepted practice of "watering horses and mules three times a day." When perspiring freely while at hard work they should be watered every three or four hours at least. When animals are hot, allow them to drink only a few swallows of water at first, then wait a few minutes until they are "cooled off" and give all the water desired. If allowed to drink too much water while hot the horse may develop spas- modic colic or become foundered. Recent recommendations for watering horses at hard work in the summer months include the use of common salt in the water. A tablespoonful of salt to a gallon of water is the amount sug- gested. By this means the salt in the blood is quickly replenished after the animal has sweated profusely. Salt should be put in the water only during the times the horse is watered between the feeding periods. CARE OF WORKSTOCK CARE OF BROOD MARES Many farmers and cattlemen find it practical and economical to raise their own colts. This means that attention must be given to the brood mare while she is in heat, during pregnancy, at foaling time, and while she is nursing the colt. The mare in Workstock in Florida Fig. 9.-A six-months-old colt and its native "marsh" pony mother. Sired by a Thoroughbred stallion. normal breeding condition comes in heat every 18 to 20 days and will remain in heat usually for two to four days. Occasionally a mare will show signs of being "in heat" for only a few hours. It is advisable to breed the mare when she is "going out" of the heat period, since it seems that conception is more certain at that time. The brood mare will come in heat usually on the ninth day after foaling and it is a good practice to breed her at that time if she is in good condition. If bred on that date she should be re- turned to the stallion or jack on the eighteenth to twenty-first day after service to make sure conception has taken place. In the Southeast it is customary to breed fillies when they reach three years of age, provided they have made satisfactory growth. The average period of gestation or pregnancy in the mare is about 11 months or 340 days. Accurate breeding dates should be recorded and the date on which the mare will likely foal should be noted. Brood mares need exercise during the gestation period. As pregnancy advances the work should become lighter; however, it has been found desirable to work the mare lightly up to within Florida Cooperative Extension a week or 10 days before foaling time. When work is discontinued a few days prior to foaling, the mare should be turned out in a small pasture area or lot where she may exercise. Mares heavy in foal should always be handled gently. Because of its protein and mineral content, legume hay is an excellent roughage for the pregnant mare. Cowpea or kudzu hay should be used as roughage if obtainable; otherwise, feed any hay of high quality that is palatable for the mare. Oats are the very best grain to give a pregnant mare. Bran mash with sufficient water to make a slightly "doughy" mass is a splendid feed. Bran might be fed in the dry form also. Three or four pounds of bran fed once or twice a week to the pregnant mare serves as a natural laxative and also furnishes a certain amount of protein and mineral matter. Many cattlemen and farmers allow their brood mares to re- main on pasture the greater portion of the year. The mare under these conditions gets exercise by grazing and will do well, pro- vided the pasture affords an abundance of grazing. There is no better feed for the pregnant mare than grass, and under all con- ditions the mare should be allowed to graze as much as possible. Regardless of whether the pregnant mare is kept on pasture all the time or worked lightly to within a week or 10 days be- fore foaling, she should be offered feeding bonemeal as well as Fig. 10.-A brood mare of desirable conformation and her off-spring. The colt is six months, the larger mule 18 months old. lILVI STOCh EXHIBITS 1 A ) F 4 11 P 1( I U BGCI C U B S H O W . Fig. 11.-Typical brood mares on a Florida livestock farm. These mares are the mothers of five of the mules shown in Fig. 2. common salt. It might be that she will not need the bonemeal, but if so, she will not eat it. If she eats the bonemeal it is a defi- nite indication that the feed she is getting is deficient in calcium and phosphorus. The mare should be allowed to foal in a grassy paddock if the weather is mild. If the foal is dropped in such grassy areas there is little danger of joint ill, scours and many other colt ail- ments. If difficulty is experienced by the mare at foaling time due to irregular presentation of the foal, the service of a veterinarian should be obtained as soon as possible. There are two normal positions for the foal to be presented at birth: (1) the forefeet and forelegs protruding with the head resting on them, or (2) the hindfeet and hindlegs protruding. The latter presentation is not as frequently found as the former; however, it is just as nor- mal and will cause no difficulty in foaling. The afterbirth should be buried as soon as possible. The navel cord may be painted with tincture of iodine immediately after the foal is dropped and daily for three or four days. Close atten- tion and care must be given to prevent screwworm infestation. It is important that the newborn foal get the first milk of its mother within two or three hours after birth. If the foal is weak it might be necessary to assist it in getting its first meal. The mare should remain in the grassy paddock or small pas- Florida Cooperative Extension ture for 10 days to two weeks. She will get all the grass she desires and in addition should be fed a ration of oats and bran after 24 to 48 hours following foaling. Allow her to have all the fresh, clean water she desires at all times. If she has worked lightly just prior to foaling, the brood mare may be put to light work within 10 days to two weeks after the colt is born. When the mare begins light work the colt should be kept in a paddock, separated from the mare, rather than being allowed to run with her. The mare should be worked close enough to the premises so that she can be returned to the colt at mid-morning and mid-afternoon to allow the colt to nurse. If the mare is hot she should be allowed to "cool off" before the colt nurses. This procedure should be carried out until the colt is six to eight weeks of age. CARE OF COLT The colt will begin to eat grain at about three or four weeks of age. Oats and a small amount of bran make an excellent grain Fig. 12.-A 15-months-old mule out of the mare shown in the bottom picture on the front cover. This mule was raised on the University of Florida Agricultural Experiment Station farm. Workstock in Florida ration for a colt. It should be allowed to run in a grassy paddock or small pasture, since grass is the very best feed a colt can eat. The colt should be weaned when it is about six months old if it has grown normally. If undersized and unthrifty, weaning should be delayed a few weeks. Male colts should be castrated when about one year old. THE ORPHAN FOAL If the mare dies shortly after foaling, or if she does not give enough milk to nourish the foal, the foal must be raised by hand. The best substitute for mare's milk as a feed for young foals is cow's milk, after it has been prepared in such a manner that the chemical composition is as nearly as possible the same as mare's milk. Mare's milk contains much less fat and more sugar than cow's milk. Milk of low fat content and from a cow that has calved recently should be used if possible. Dilute the cow's milk with one-half fresh water. Add a tablespoonful of sugar and two tablespoonfuls of lime water to one pint of this diluted milk and heat to body temperature. Give the foal about four ounces (one-half teacupful) every hour for the first few days, after which a larger amount can be given at each feeding period and the intervals between feeding periods can be lengthened. A bottle with a rubber nipple attached should be used at first. After 10 to 14 days whole milk may be used instead of the modified cow's milk. At this time the foal may be taught to drink from a bucket. When two weeks old the colt may consume two to three quarts of milk daily. At two months of age the whole milk may be grad- ually replaced with skimmilk. By the time the colt is three months old it may be allowed all the skimmilk it will drink. Feed the milk in clean, sterilized buckets. CARE OF STALLIONS One of the most important points to consider in caring for a stallion is that he should have plenty of exercise if he is to be maintained in good breeding condition. If a stallion spends his time in a poorly ventilated stable with no exercise, he will become unruly and difficult to handle and his breeding efficiency will be low. The best exercise is work of some sort, probably under a saddle or light work on the farm. He should be handled daily so that he will be tractable and easily managed. Even during the breeding season it is desirable to work the stallion for half of each day. Many good stallions are lost each year as "getters of colts" simply because they have not received the proper amount of exercise. Fig. 13.-A Quarter stallion owned by a Florida cattleman. Note the de- sirable conformation and smoothness of fleshing. The ideal grain ration for a stallion consists of 3 parts oats and 1 part bran. In the South too many stallions have been fed corn alone. This is a bad practice, since corn is heating and often lowers the breeding efficiency of stallions. If corn must be fed, it should constitute only a part-not over half-of the ration, with oats as the other part. Legume hay, such as cowpea or kudzu, should be given stal- lions, as this type of hay is higher in protein and mineral matter than are the grass hays or timothy. A grassy paddock or small pasture to furnish green, succulent grazing is desirable for stallions. CARE OF JACK It is more difficult to give exercise to a jack than to a stallion, yet exercise for this animal is just as important. Oftentimes a jack, if given the run of a paddock, will voluntarily take consider- able exercise. However, if he does not take sufficient exercise of his own accord it might be necessary to lead the jack behind a horse and rider half an hour to an hour daily. For the first few exercising periods a second rider on horesback might be necessary to drive the jack. Any system for exercising the jack that might be worked out for a farm is in order. A jack should never be kept in a small stall without exercise, for he is almost sure to be- come sterile under such conditions. There is no better grain for jacks than oats and bran. The old Fig. 14.-A Mammoth jack of good conformation. This jack sired the mules shown in Fig. 2. adage, "There are no colts in corn," certainly holds true in the breeding efficiency of a jack. Corn should never be fed to jacks, since it is heating and tends to accentuate their natural tendency to sluggishness. Give the jack high grade cowpea or kudzu hay and if possible the run of a grassy paddock. Keep the jack in a dry stall at night. BREAKING AND TRAINING COLTS Colts should be handled at an early age. Even when only a few days old it is desirable to make friends with the colt if possi- ble, teaching it not to be afraid of the attendants. When a few weeks of age the colt may be altered and gradually taught to lead. While still young, it is well to rub the head and neck of the colt, then the back and sides, and finally the legs. This rubbing will cause the colt to have confidence in the attendant. After rubbing the legs a few times, then begin to pick up the feet and handle them. In handling the feet at frequent intervals, the colt will not resist trimming its feet or any other treatment that might be necessary. If the colt has made proper growth it should be broken when approximately two and one-half years of age. In breaking a colt it should be broken first to the bridle and bit. Lead the colt with the bridle and bit until it becomes accustomed to the bit and Florida Cooperative Extension realizes that the bit is in its mouth for the purpose of restraint. After it becomes accustomed to the bit, then put the harness or saddle on the colt and walk it for a few times, thereby enabling it to become accustomed to the fitting of the harness or saddle. If possible, hitch the colt with a gentle animal the first time, using an extra rope tied to the bridle of the colt to control it. In training to work alone the colt should be hitched to a log or dump cart where the driver can have control over it at all times. Colts must be handled gently during the breaking and training operations. Too often the trainer loses his temper and a good colt is made resentful and vicious as the result of bad treatment. GROOMING One of the most neglected operations in the handling of work- stock is that of proper grooming. It is often said by expert horsemen that grooming is just as important as feeding. Groom- ing removes the waste from the body that has been excreted Fig. 15.-Proper grooming is important in the care of workstock. Workstock in Florida through the skin. It stimulates proper functioning of the tiny oil glands at the base of the hair, thereby giving the animal a clean, sleek appearance. If grooming is not properly performed the pores and glands of the skin cannot function properly, elimi- nation of body waste through the skin is reduced, and very often the general health of the animal is impaired. Animals at heavy work require more thorough grooming than those at light work or idle. It is the general practice to groom horses and mules when they are taken out of the stalls or pad- docks at morning and noon, but no time is spent in grooming the animals when they are brought to the barn at night, follow- ing the day's work. If the animals are "brushed down" at night they rest better. It is true that when the harness or saddle is re- moved the animal will "wallow" or roll vigorously on the ground and in doing so it is attempting to groom itself. It has been shown that grooming the animal after the day's work is an im- portant operation to keep the animal in the best of condition. The equipment for grooming should consist of a fiber or mud brush, a curry comb, and a bristle or body brush. As the name implies, the mud brush is used to remove dirt or mud that might be found on the coat. The curry comb should be used to loosen up the dirt. After removing the large particles with the mud brush, then use the bristle or body brush to clean the coat thor- oughly of all fine, loose particles of dirt, scurf, and body waste substances. When grooming at night a rub rag can be used to advantage to rub the coat, especially if the animal has been per- spiring freely. The feet of the horse should be cleaned regularly and kept trimmed. EXAMINING A HORSE FOR SOUNDNESS In examining a horse for soundness, a definite system should be followed; otherwise some point will be overlooked and possibly a serious unsoundness will be unobserved. The usefulness of workstock depends primarily upon the conformation and sound- ness of the animal. The examination for soundness may begin in the region of the head and should include a thorough observation of every point of the animal including the hind feet, the last points to be ex- amined. In following a systematic procedure no point will be missed, whereas if the examination is not performed in an orderly manner, important unsoundnesses may be unobserved. 24 25 22 S914 Drawing courtesy Horse and Mule Association of America 17 16 15 Fig. 16.-Points of the horse to be considered in making an examination for soundness. 1, eye; 2, sinuses of head; 3, nostrils and nasal cavity; 4, mouth; 5, angle of jaw; 6, ears; 7, poll; 8, side of neck; 9, withers; 10, shoulders; 11, knee; 12, cannon region; 13, fetlock joint; 14, pastern region; 15, side of foot; 16, wall of foot; 17, heel of foot; 18, frog of foot; 19, sole of foot; 20, back; 21, sides; 22, navel and hind flank; 23, croup; 24, stifle joint; 25, hock. In hind limb the points from the hock downward, including the foot, are identical with the points in the front limb, Workstock in Florida The following points should be examined and unsoundnesses noted. Points UNSOUNDNESS 1. Eye Cloudiness, redness, discharge from eye, and blindness 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15. 16. 17. 18. 19. 20. 21. 22. 23. 24. 25. Hock Capped hock, curb, bog spavin and bone spavin The hind legs below the hocks, including the feet, should be examined for all the unsoundnesses listed for the front limbs from the knees down- ward. ACTION The examination is not complete until the action of the animal has been observed. Many cases of lameness can be detected best Sinuses of head Filled with pus Nostrils and nasal cavity Discharge, redness, and obstructions Mouth Teeth for age, irregularity, and decay; swollen gums and sores in mouth Angle of jaw Glandular enlargements Ears Held awry Poll Poll evil Side of neck Bruises Withers Fistula Shoulder "Sweeny" (muscle atrophy) and sores Knee Shortening of tendons causing "bucked knee," and soreness of tendons; and enlarged knee joint Cannon regions Splints (bony growths on cannon bone); flexor tendons (tendons on rear of cannon bone) sore, thickened, and shortened . Fetlock joint Enlarged joint (windpuffs); cocked ankle caused by shortening of flexor tendons Pastern region Ringbone (bony growth on pastern bones) Side of foot Sidebone (cartilage at the top side of hoof and heel turning to bone) Wall of foot Toe cracks, quarter cracks, and too long toe due to negligence in trimming Heel of foot Grease heel Frog of foot Thrush (infection in cleft of frog) Sole of foot Nail punctures and other injury Back Saddle and harness sores Sides Bruises Navel and hind flank Rupture Croup (rump) Muscle atrophy Stifle joint Dislocation of stifle bone Florida Cooperative Extension through observing closely the action of the animal. In lameness, it is quite easy to detect what limb the animal is favoring if the attendant causes the animal to go at a brisk trot. Furthermore, such undesirable defects and peculiarities in "way of going" as forging (striking fore foot with toe of hind foot); interfering (striking the inner surface of the fetlock of the supporting leg with the foot of the moving leg) ; and paddling (outward move- ment or swing of forelegs in placing feet to ground) can be de- tected only by observing the animal in action. CONFORMATION The conformation of a horse or mule often determines the soundness of that animal. Animals with poor conformation have a tendency to become unsound when subjected to heavy work. For example, an animal with too great an angle at the hock (crooked hind legs) is apt to develop unsoundnesses of the hock such as bone and bog spavins and curb. Likewise, animals that are short and straight at the pasterns often develop ringbones and sidebones as a result of poor conformation. COMMON UNSOUNDNESSES AND BLEMISHES In some sections of this state, especially where some of the large cattle ranches are located, there is no practicing veteri- narian available for professional services. For this reason, sim- ple treatments are recommended for certain diseased conditions that are described briefly herein. When the services of a vet- erinarian can be obtained, the owner should rely upon profes- sional services rather than attempt treatment himself or obtain the advice of his neighbor. Eyes.-The most serious diseased condition of the eyes of horses and mules is cloudiness or opacity. This condition may be caused by "moonblindness," technically known as periodic op- thalmia. The attacks in "moonblindness" come on at intervals of three to four weeks at first, and later the intervals between at- tacks get shorter and the duration of the opaque condition be- comes longer. Permanent blindness finally develops. There is nothing the layman can do to correct "moonblindness." Redness and discharge of the eyes come from infection of the mucous membrane that covers the eyeball and lines the inner surface of the lids. The use of a saturated solution of boric acid or a 10 percent solution of argyrol is often helpful in clearing the eyes. Workstock in Florida Sinuses of Head.-The sinuses of the head are cavities located in the flat bones that make up the face. The frontal sinus is located just above the eye and toward the center of the face. The maxillary sinus is located above the check teeth. These cavi- ties communicate with the nasal cavity. Following such diseases as distemper, where there is a profuse nasal discharge, these sinuses often become infected and filled with pus. The maxillary sinus may become infected from a decayed tooth. When these sinuses become infected an operation by a veterinarian is indi- cated. Nostrils and Nasal Cavity.-These points should be examined closely for redness of the mucous membrane and discharge. These symptoms indicate local infection of the upper respiratory pas- sages or distemper. Occasionally obstructions are found within the nasal passages. Treatment for diseases of the upper respira- tory passages should be done by a veterinarian. Fig. 17.-Preparing to "float" the teeth of a mule. Note position of the blade of the float in "dressing off" teeth of left side of lower jaw. A strong stock is desirable on every farm for restraining workstock. The "floating" of teeth and other dental operations should be performed by veterinarians only. Florida Cooperative Extension Mouth.-The mouth should be examined for any sores or swol- len gums, commonly called "lampas." The age of the horse or mule should be determined from an examination of its front teeth (incisors). The molar teeth should be examined for ir- regularity in wear. These teeth may be examined readily if the tongue is thrown between the molar teeth on the left side of the horse's mouth when examining the teeth on the right side. In this instance the person examining the horse should press the tongue between the molar teeth on the left side by crowding the tongue in that position, using the back of his right hand. Simply slide the tongue to the back of the right hand and press it be- tween the teeth. Then use the left hand to examine the teeth on the left side. In masticating feed the horse moves the lower jaw from side to side as well as up and down. The distance from side to side in the upper jaw is greater than in the lower jaw. With this grind- ing effect and the shorter distance between molar teeth from side to side in the lower jaw, the lower molar teeth wear faster on the outer edge than on the inner, thereby causing a sharp pro- jection on the inner edge of each lower molar. The opposite is true with the upper molar teeth. These teeth wear faster on the inner edge than on the outer, which produces a sharp edge of the outer surface of each upper molar. As these edges become sharper, the tongue is often lacerated by the edges on the lower molars and the cheeks by the edges on the upper molars. These edges should be "dressed off" or "floated" by a veteri- narian. Angle of Jaw.-Glandular enlargements resulting from infec- tion in the glands may be found under the lower jaw at the throat latch. In distemper oftentimes the glands at the angle of the jaw become enlarged. Infection may come from skin abrasions in that area or from decayed teeth. Ears.-The ears may be held awry if they have been injured. Some horsemen put the twitch on the ear instead of on the upper lip in restraining animals. This practice should be discouraged, since it is rather easy to injure the nerve supplying the muscles of the ear. Poll.-The poll should be examined closely for an enlargement indicating poll evil. If no enlargement is present, the poll should be examined closely for a large scar indicating that poll evil has been present and that an operation has been performed. In Workstock in Florida treating poll evil it is necessary to have a veterinarian remove all the diseased tissue and establish drainage for the affected area. Side of Neck.-If many animals are kept together in a corral, oftentimes they kick each other and frequently the side of the neck receives the blows. Bruises might become infected, thereby producing a large sore. Withers.-The withers should be examined closely for fistula. This condition is indicated by a large swelling that often "breaks" of its own accord and discharges pus. The infection forms tracts between the muscles of the shoulder region and may even infect the backbone in that region. The only effective treatment is to operate upon the animal, removing all the diseased tissue and establishing drainage to the parts. Only a veterinarian should attempt to operate. Shoulders.-"Sweeny" or muscle atrophy is one of the most common unsoundnesses detected in the shoulder region. This condition may be caused by injury of the nerve that supplies the muscles of the shoulder or from an unsoundness such as ring- bones, sidebones and tendon trouble that cause the animal to "favor" that limb. When "sweeny" is observed, a very close examination should be given every point below the shoulder to detect the unsoundness that is responsible for the lameness that caused the wasting away of the muscles of the shoulder. There is no effective treatment for the condition if it is caused by an injury to the nerve that supplies the muscles. If the cause is some unsoundnesses such as ringbones, splints, sidebones, or tendon trouble, these unsoundnesses should be corrected, if pos- sible. Sore shoulders or "collar galls" are often found in workstock. Generally these sores come from ill-fitting collars, old collar or sweat pads, dirty collars or improper adjustment of the traces to the hames. The collar should fit snugly to the shoulders. When fitted properly the collar should allow the finger tips to pass in snugly between the collar and neck just above the shoulder points. The flat hand should pass snugly between the front part of the neck and the collar. If the collar is too large it is almost certain to produce sores. If the traces are placed too low on the hames too much pressure is brought to bear on the shoulder point and a sore shoulder results. If traces are placed too high on the hames too much pressure is brought to bear on the upper part of the shoulder and sores will develop in that region. Florida Cooperative Extension Collar or sweat pads of various kinds are often used. Such pads may be responsible for sores, since they will become wet with perspiration and will irritate the shoulder, thereby produc- ing sores. If the collar is kept clean and if it fits properly to the shoulder, no pad is needed. The collar should be kept clean at all times. After each day's work the dirt should be removed by using a rub rag. If dirt has accumulated on the collar it may be removed with saddle soap. The shoulders may be "toughened up" in the spring by bathing them at night with a salt solution. Add two tablespoonfuls of common salt to one gallon of water and use this solution in bath- ing the shoulders. If a sore has already developed on the shoulder there are sev- eral treatments that the owner might apply. If the sore is badly swollen and the tissue thickened, the services of a veterinarian should be obtained. If there is only a slight sore the parts should be bathed two or three times daily with an antiseptic solution. Any of the coal tar products are good. After bathing the sore, dust with a powder such as any one of the following: boric acid, iodoform, powdered zinc oxide, zinc stearate or burnt alum. If the owner desires to apply a salve, zinc oxide ointment may be applied. The affected shoulder should be bathed with an anti- septic solution prior to the application of a powder or an oint- ment. After the sore is bathed it should be dried before the powder or ointment is applied. Tendons at Knee.-A group of tendons or "leaders" attach to the bones of the knee and to the upper end of the cannon bone just below the knees. These tendons extend the limb and flex (bend) the knee joint. As a result of severe straining, these tendons oftentimes become sore, thickened and shortened. In examining a horse for soundness these tendons should be pal- pated thoroughly to determine if they are painful to the touch and if they are thickened. In chronic inflammation of these ten- dons (tendonitis), they become shortened and produce a "bucked" knee. An animal with diseased tendons of the knee should never be purchased. In attempting to relieve the condition the services of a veteri- narian should be obtained, if possible. When the owner himself must attempt treatment, the tendons should be bathed with warm water for several minutes three times a day. Dry the parts well after bathing and apply ammonia liniment, massaging the ten- dons thoroughly in applying the liniment. Workstock in Florida The knee joint at times becomes enlarged due to stumbling and falling on the knee in pulling heavy loads. The injury may involve the joint capsule or a thickening of the ligaments that hold the bones of the knee in place. There is very little treatment a layman can give to an enlarged knee. Cannon Region.-The cannon region is located just below the knee joint in the front limb, the hock joint in the hind limb. This region should be examined carefully in attempting to detect un- soundnesses, since important defects may be located at this point. One of the most common ailments found in the cannon region is diseased tendons. There are two large tendons located just be- hind the large cannon bone. These tendons may become sore, thickened and shortened as a result of severe straining. When they become shortened this condition causes the animal to walk on its toe, and the fetlock joint is thrown forward, producing what is commonly called "cocked ankle." If there is any evidence of thickening of the flexor tendons in a horse or mule that is being examined prior to purchase, it is well not to make the purchase, since serious tendon trouble might develop later. In attempting to relieve the soreness of the tendons in the early stages of the ailment, applications of warm water followed by a brisk application of a liniment as previously described might be used as treatment. A "splint" is a bony growth on the cannon bone. The cause of "splints" is an injury to the fibrous covering (the periosteum) of the cannon bone. When the covering of the cannon bone is in- jured, bone-forming cells begin to develop at the point of injury and later a bony growth develops. A "splint" near the tendons in this region might produce lameness. Also, if the animal is worked on a hard road splints may cause lameness. Farm horses and mules that are worked on sandy soil very rarely "go lame" from "splints." This bony growth should not be overlooked when examining a horse for soundness, and if a "splint" is pres- ent this condition would depreciate the value of the animal. High splints that interfere with joints are quite serious, otherwise splints usually do not produce lameness. In treating all bony growths it is necessary to apply a strong blister to the parts, and this should be done by a qualified veteri- narian. In advanced cases, point firing, using a hot iron, followed with a blister is necessary to check the bony growth. Fetlock Joint.-The fetlock joint might become enlarged as a result of severe straining in pulling heavy loads. The joint cap- Florida Cooperative Extension sule becomes weakened, causing enlargements on each side of the fetlock joint. The enlargements contain the joint fluid which can be detected readily by palpation. The common name of these enlargements is "windpuffs" or wens. This condition greatly depreciates the value of an animal. Many farmers make the mistake of trying to drain off the fluid in "windpuffs," not realizing that when the enlargement is opened an infected joint results. There is no treatment that the layman can give to relieve "windpuffs." Pastern Region.-The pastern region is located just below the fetlock joint. This is the region in which ringbones are found. Normally there are two small bones in this region. A true ring- bone is a bony growth that involves both of these bones. The growth unites the two bones, forming a bony enlargement just below the fetlock joint. The bony growth results from injury to the fibrous covering of the two bones similar to the cause of a "splint" previously described. Ringbones cause serious lameness to work animals on hard roads, but when animals are worked lightly on sandy soil even large ringbones may not cause lameness. Ringbones are treated as other bony growths by the use of Fig. 18.-1, Bog spavin; 2, ringbone. Workstock in Florida Fig. 19.-Left, toe allowed to grow too long; right, hoof properly trimmed. blisters or even "firing and blistering." Such treatment should be given by veterinarians only. Side of Foot.-The side and heel of the foot are composed large- ly of cartilage known as the lateral cartilages. These cartilages extend above the hoof wall on the side and in the heel. In the un- soundness known as sidebones these lateral cartilages turn to bone. Animals that are worked on soft, sandy soil do not become lame from sidebones; however, when put on hard roads the lame- ness becomes very pronounced. The sidebones can be recognized very readily by passing the fingers over the side of the foot above the hoof wall. Hard, bony projections will be noted in- stead of the elastic lateral cartilages. The bony growths, when extensive, can be detected with the eye. Sidebones are treated similar to ringbones and splints. Wall of Hoof.-Sometimes the hoof wall will split in the region of the toe. This crack in the wall is referred to as a "toe crack." If the crack is at the side of the foot it is called a "quarter crack." These cracks may produce extreme lameness, since the sensitive part of the foot is pinched within the cracks. The foot should be examined carefully for "toe" and "quarter" cracks in examining a horse for soundness. In treating "toe" and "quarter" cracks the animal should be shod with light shoes. The hoof should be trimmed so that the sole areas below the crack will not come in contact with the shoe. This will relieve pressure from the crack. The shoe should be nailed to the hoof so that a nail will be driven on each side of the Fig. 20.-Trimming a hoof that had grown too long. crack. This may necessitate making an extra nail hole within the shoe. The shoe should be removed every three weeks and the foot trimmed properly. Heel of Foot.-A common disease of the heel is the condition referred to as "grease heel." This is often caused by letting a rope or plowline "burn" the heel. As the name indicates, moist, greasy-like exudate is found covering the affected parts. At times the infection will become so extensive that the frog is dis- eased. In severe cases the entire pastern region is swollen, with eruptions present. In treating this condition the parts should be bathed in an antiseptic solution of an emulsified coal-tar product. After the parts are bathed thoroughly, a powder consisting of 1 part pulverized copper sulfate and 2 parts boric acid by weight should be dusted into the area two or three times daily. An oint- ment consisting of vaseline and phenol (carbolic acid) is useful in treating this condition. The affected animal should be kept in dry quarters. Workstock in Florida 35 Frog of Foot.-Thrush is an infection located in the cleft of the frog. It is generally found in animals that stand in wet, filthy places. The infection produces a discharge from the cleft of the frog. The discharge is very foul-smelling in severe cases. If the infection is not checked, the entire frog will become diseased. In attempting to correct the condition the animal should be re- moved to dry, clean quarters. The frog should be bathed thor- oughly with an emulsified coal-tar product solution, cleansing thoroughly the area within the cleft of the frog. Dry the parts and apply one of the following powders: (1) burnt alum, (2) calomel, or (3) a mixture of pulverized copper sulfate 1 part and boric acid 2 parts by weight. The foot should be bandaged to keep out dirt in severe cases. Sole of Foot.-Nail puncture or other injury might be present in the sole of the foot, hence in examining a horse for soundness the foot should be lifted from the ground and cleaned thoroughly so that any puncture or other injury to the foot can be detected. It is well to tap the foot gently at first and more briskly later, using any firm object such as the end of a closed pocket knife. If the animal is sensitive to the tapping on the foot it indicates an unsoundness affecting the foot. Back.-The back is examined closely for saddle or harness sores. The recommendations outlined for sore shoulders would be indicated for these sores. Sides.-The sides of the horse or mule should be examined for bruises. If a number of animals are kept together within a corral or pasture there is danger that an animal may be kicked quite severely, thereby causing a bruise. Navel and Flanks.-An umbilical hernia may exist at the navel, hence it is always important to examine this point thoroughly. Since the abdominal muscles are comparatively thin in the region of the hind flanks, a hernia may be produced in this region as a result of an injury to these muscles. Croup.-The croup or rump region should be examined for muscle atrophy. If there is any unsoundness in the hindleg or hindfoot severe enough to cause the animal to go lame, thereby favoring that limb, the muscles of the croup will become atro- phied (shrunken). In examining a horse for muscle atrophy in the croup region the person making the examination should stand directly behind the animal, observing both sides of the croup care- fully. It is not difficult to detect any shrinking of muscles on Florida Cooperative Extension either side if one side is compared with the other. If the muscles should be found to be atrophied on one side, then a very careful examination must be given all points down the hind leg, since it indicates the presence of an unsoundness that is causing or has caused lameness in that limb. Stifle Joint.-Dislocation of the stifle bone may occur. The stifle joint should be examined for enlargement, indicating a thickening of ligaments that hold the bone in place or an enlarged joint capsule. If the stifle bone is dislocated the leg will be held outward from the body and slightly backward. The animal will make no effort to flex (bend) the leg at any joint. The stifle bone may be replaced by pulling the hind leg directly forward with a rope attached below the fetlock. An attendant should press on the stifle bone so that it may be pushed in place when the leg is straightened. Hock.-In examining a horse for soundness the hock joint should be observed carefully for spavins. There are two types of spavin, bog and bone. Bog spavin is an enlargement of the joint capsule of the hock joint. It occurs as an enlargement on the inner surface of the hock joint, slightly toward the front part of the hock. The enlargement is filled with the joint fluid called a Fig. 21.-1, Bone spavin; 2, sidebone. Workstock in Florida synovia, and if palpated the fluid can be felt within the enlarge- ment. Bog spavin rarely causes lameness, yet it indicates that the horse or mule has been worked severely in most cases. Bone spavin is a bony enlargement located on the inside of the hock, slightly towards the front of the joint at the point where the hock begins to taper towards the cannon region. Bone spivin is caused by severe straining, injuries to the hock, and by improper shoeing. The bony growth involves the small bones of the hock joint and the upper end of the cannon bone. These bones are joined together by the bony growth. Due to the interference in mobility of these small bones with the cannon bone, lameness generally develops from a bone spavin, and in many cases the lameness is severe. The layman can do little in the treatment of any type of spavin. Capped hock is a swelling at the point of the hock. At first the swelling is very painful to the touch. Later the enlargement contains fluid which should be drained by a veterinarian. At times, the swelling contains pus. Curb is a bulging backward of the rear part of the hock. It may come from a strained tendon or a diseased ligament at that point on the hock joint. The swelling is painful to the touch at first and will produce lameness. Later the soreness disappears and the swollen area is hard to the touch, since there is a distinct thickening of the tendon or ligaments. There is little treatment the layman can give for a curb. The points from the hock joint downward in the hind limb cor- respond to the points in the front leg from the knee joint down- ward and examination should be given these points for the un- soundness described for the front limb. CARE OF FEET OF WORKSTOCK The old adage, "No foot, no horse," is certainly true. Foot abnormalities greatly hinder the efficiency of the horse and mule. Most of the foot troubles arise from either inherited poor confor- mation or improper care of the feet. Poor conformation can be largely avoided by proper selection of animals for breeding or for work. A few suggestions are offered concerning the proper care of feet of horses and mules. 38 Florida Cooperative Extension 1. Trim feet of stabled animals, removing all excess growth of hoof wall at least once a month. Check animals on pasture at least every two months. 2. Reset or replace shoes every month. Failure to change the shoes results in the natural growth of the hoof carrying the heel too far beneath the foot for the proper bearing. 3. Groom pasterns and fetlocks every day, using brushes but not curry comb. 4. See that the stalls are roomy, clean, well bedded and well drained. 5. If hoof wall wears excessively in sandy soil, apply shoes. Do not work an animal that is "tender-footed" from excessive wear of hoof wall. Shoes will allow hoofs to grow normally. The Florida Agricultural Extension Service, in co- operation with the United States Department of Agri- culture and county governments, maintains county agents in 60 of Florida's 67 counties, home demon- stration agents in about two-thirds as many. These agents will be glad to help you with your farm and home problems. They have bulletins on most subjects which they can give you. They are acquainted with Government programs and policies. They are awake to the exigen- cies of the times, and will do everything possible to help. They know local growing conditions, and are familiar with what is required for success. Consult county and home demonstration agents, usually in either the courthouse or the post office building at the county seat, freely. Or, if you prefer, write AGRICULTURAL EXTENSION SERVICE GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA 7 Contact Us | Permissions | Preferences | Technical Aspects | Statistics | Internal | Privacy Policy © 2004 - 2010 University of Florida George A. Smathers Libraries.All rights reserved. Acceptable Use, Copyright, and Disclaimer Statement Last updated October 10, 2010 - - mvs- “I had determined that it is a female car.”
- “I have not quite come up with a nickname yet.”
- “I also really want to get it on the open road because it moves.”
- “It’s nice to have your seat warm.”
- “It’s a zero-emissions vehicle.”
“I wanted an eco-friendly car that had a little bit of luxury.”
- The Ride
- The Driver: Jason
- Vehicle in Question: 2012 Audi A3 TDI
- Spotted at: Sherman Oaks Castle Park, 4989 Sepulveda Blvd., Sherman Oaks, CA 91403
- Odometer: 155
THE DEFENSE
Q: Hi Jason. This is a dynamite car. What motivated you to buy it?
A: I did some quizzes online and what I realized during those quizzes, because I’m not a car person, is that I wanted an eco-friendly car that was technology forward, but that had a little bit of luxury. We live near Keyes Audi, so I kept seeing Audis drive by all the time. Then I went on their website to see what they had that was eco-friendly. This kind of hit all the marks. It is a clean emissions vehicle. It is their entry level luxury line. It’s got Bluetooth integration and some of the technology items that I wanted, so it seemed like a perfect fit.
Q: How does the clean emissions technology work?
A: According to Audi, clean diesel is something that’s only sold in a few states in U.S. right now–those that have the emission standards with diesel gas that allow for it. Essentially, it’s a zero-emissions vehicle, meaning that even though I put in regular diesel gas, it doesn’t emit anything into the air. I have no idea where it goes, but it’s zero-emission and gets me a lot of miles per gallon.
Q: Do you plan on taking this baby on any road trips soon?
A: My wife Tiffany and I are talking about it. Because we have the sunroof and moon roof, we’re talking very much about going up the coast maybe one evening, so that we can get a little moonlight driving up the 1. We keep talking about maybe one day waking up at three in the morning and go drag race down the 405 when there’s nobody on it. Tiffany is now very jealous of my new car.
Q: Has your wife nicknamed this car yet?
A: She has not nicknamed the car yet. I had determined that it is a female car, but I have not quite come up with a nickname yet. My last car, the Saturn which we still have, is named Thandie after Thandie Newton, the actress. But this one, I’m not quite sure yet.
Q: Do you have any rules in the car?
A: As I mentioned, I’m not a super car person. Usually what happens is, when I get something new like this car, I will be obsessive about keeping it clean, about how often I take it to the carwash, about what people are allowed to do in the car. The only real rule I have is no smoking because I’ve never smoked in my life and don’t plan to start. I don’t like the smell of smoke. And I control the radio station when I’m in the car.
Q: Do you ever rock out behind the wheel?
A: Absolutely. I sing in the car. I dance in the car. At stop lights I look around to make sure no one is paying attention to me as I sing loudly off-key in the car. I’m sure I have been caught.
Q: Is there anything else you would like to share with us about your Audi A3 TDI?
A: I really do like the moon roof. It’s actually in the front and back. This side doesn’t pop open, but you can slide open the screen and see up through the backseat. I like the butt warmers. You would not think that you would need that in L.A., but the Valley gets cold in the wintertime. It’s nice to have your seat warm..this is a discussion within the Saints Community Forum; i think dansby may last til the 2nd... just depends. but i agree with the stephen jackson pick. he\'s not portis, but he\'ll certainly help ease the pain of that departure....
if m williams can block he might make a good te
I don\'t know who keeps posting this crap about Dever and Dansby, but if they draft an OLB they have to take Williams.
Denver could take any RB they wanted and turn him into a top 5 RB in the league - they will not take a RB in round 1. I don\'t even know if they will take one in round 2. They already have Anderson, Griffin & Hearst on the team and they can make any one of them 1500yd RB this season. Hell, Anderson already was a 1,500yd RB just a few short years ago.resources
"We are a dedicated team of ethical specialists in the commercial services industry who take pride in providing unsurpassed service to our clients."
-Vision Statement, Commercial Services
The Commercial Services team pride themselves in our Quality Policy:
"To provide a consistent level of commercial real estate knowledge, experience and service among certified sites and associates which assures customer/client confidence and achieves results that meet or exceed customer/client expectations.".
Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Real Estate Professionals Commercial Services intends to be on the cutting edge of the commercial real estate industry. The division's dedication to cooperation with other commercial professionals is rarely encountered within the commercial real estate industry.
StayConnectedLynn gets rocked in shortest outing of season
Allen Craig of the Cardinals recoils after being hit in the head by a pitch from the Giants’ Tim Hudson in the third inning of Sunday’s game in St. Louis. Looking on is San Francisco catcher Buster Posey. Craig stayed in the game. Photo by The Associated Press.
Sunday, June 1, 2014
ST. LOUIS — Lance Lynn got off to a slow start in his shortest outing of the season.
The St. Louis right-hander followed up his first career shutout with his roughest outing of the season in an 8-0 loss to San Francisco on Sunday. He allowed seven runs (four earned) and eight hits in 31/3 innings. He walked four and struck out two.
“He just didn’t have it,” St. Louis manager Mike Matheny said.
Lynn allowed four runs in the first inning and never appeared comfortable. He allowed just five hits in a 6-0 win against the New York Yankees on Tuesday.
Lynn appeared to hurt his knee while covering first base in the opening inning.
He continued, but said after the game it bothered him, although he would not use it as an excuse.
“A tough one,” he said. “They got three or four ground ball hits, a broken-bat soft liner to right.”
Lynn received little defensive or offensive support. A first-inning error by second baseman Kolten Wong, on a potential inning-ending double-play ball, kept the inning alive and eventually allowed three unearned runs to score.
“If an out is made there,” Lynn said. “We are out of the inning with one run.”
San Francisco right-hander Tim Hudson threw seven shutout innings and Joaquin Arias keyed a four-run first inning with a two-run single to lead the Giants to victory.BI. He broke out of a 0-for-14 skid with a bases-loaded single in the first.
“He stays ready and he’s got a lot of poise,” Bochy said. “He really needed a game like this.”
Morse is expected back in the lineup Tuesday when the Giants play at Cincinnati, according to Bochy.
Posey had three hits in returning to the lineup after missing three games with tightness in his lower back.
“I feel pretty good,” Posey said. “Hopefully, it is something I can manage.”
Angel Pagan, Hunter Pence and Posey singled to start the four-run first. Posey’s RBI hit came on Lynn’s 10th pitch.
Gregor Blanco reached on the error by Wong and Pence scored on a groundout by Brandon Crawford. Brandon Hicks walked to set the stage for Arias’ bases-loaded single.
Arias pushed the lead to 5-0 with a run-scoring single in the third. Crawford added an RBI double in the fourth. Blanco brought in the final run with a triple in the sixth.
“You’re just going to have those days,”.
More like this story
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Please review our Policies and Procedures before registering or commentingHow To Create a Blog Badge in VB.NET
October 16th, 2007 little fleshing out, make your own badge generator.
The Basics
What we will be doing is creating a new 80×15 System.Drawing.Bitmap object. We will then create a Graphics object for the bitmap and drawing our rectangles and text on it. Then we’ll save the bitmap image out in PNG (Portable Network Graphics) format.
The Code
Here’s our code.
Public Class BlogButton Public Shared Sub GenerateBlogButton(ByVal buttonSaveLocation As String, ByVal leftText As String, ByVal leftTextColor As Color, _ ByVal leftBackgroundColor As Color, ByVal rightText As String, ByVal rightTextColor As Color, _ ByVal rightBackgroundColor As Color, ByVal borderColor As Color, ByVal backgroundColor As Color) Dim ButtonPicture As New Bitmap(80, 15) Using ButtonGraphics As Graphics = Graphics.FromImage(ButtonPicture) Dim ButtonFont As New Font("Verdana", 6, FontStyle.Regular) Dim TextBrush As New SolidBrush(leftTextColor) ButtonGraphics.Clear(backgroundColor) ButtonGraphics.DrawRectangle(New Pen(borderColor, 1), New Rectangle(0, 0, 79, 14)) ButtonGraphics.FillRectangle(New SolidBrush(leftBackgroundColor), New RectangleF(2, 2, 31, 11)) ButtonGraphics.FillRectangle(New SolidBrush(rightBackgroundColor), New RectangleF(34, 2, 44, 11)) ButtonGraphics.DrawString(Mid(leftText.ToUpper, 1, 4), ButtonFont, TextBrush, 3, 3) ButtonGraphics.DrawString(Mid(rightText.ToUpper, 1, 8), ButtonFont, TextBrush, 34, 3) ButtonGraphics.Flush() End Using ButtonPicture.Save(buttonSaveLocation, System.Drawing.Imaging.ImageFormat.Png) End Sub End Class
A few of things to note about the code.
First of all, why am I using the Mid function? Isn’t it suppose to be ‘evil’? I’m using it here because it can be used to limit the length of text in a very simple and readable manner. SubString(0,4) would throw an exception if the length was shorter than that. To avoid the exception and be “.NET Pure” I would have to have more length checking code in the routine. I decided not to do that and instead make use of a handy VB function that does this for me.
Another thing to note is that I’m using hardcoded values in several places. Since I’m working with a fixed size I didn’t go to the trouble of using constants or variables for these values. However, if I were to expand this implementation I would want to replace any hardcodes.
I’m not using any overloads on this function although it probably could benefit from some if it was production code. For example, you might want to have overloads for the size of the graphic and the font object or you might want to have an overload with fewer parameters for a default version.
Lastly, I made it shared so that it could be called without having to worry about the state of an object. You could create a version that did not use shared if you wanted.
More You Can Do
In addition to making the size flexible you could also add dynamic sizing between the right and left columns by using MeasureString. Using it to calculate the size of the passed in strings you could determine where to draw the rectangles. Another thing you could do is make the font changeable.
You could also take this code and develop your own CAPTCHA or hit counter components. The basics would be the same. You could also take this same code and put it into a desktop app for graphic generation there although you might want to create a version that passes back a bitmap rather than writing it to disk.
Let me know if you have any questions or observations about this code sample by leaving me a comment.
Entry Filed under: Code Examples
Rate This Article:
1 Comment Add your own
1. Outsource software development | September 23rd, 2009 at 4:19 am
Blog in vb.net i cannot imagine it before.But now its possible thanks for sharing information.
Some HTML allowed:
<a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>
Trackback this post | Subscribe to the comments via RSS Feed… [Read more...]
Recent CommentsOver a hundred peg holes puncture the walls of this currywurst restaurant in Vancouver by Canadian studio Scott & Scott Architects, creating spaces to store furniture, hold lighting and display art (+ slideshow).
Located in Chinatown, sausage and beer parlour Bestie is designed by Scott & Scott Architects to accommodate a showcase of locally-produced art and design, which can be hung in different arrangements from the 116 holes in the oiled spruce lumber walls. These holes can also be used for storing for extra bar stools - whose legs slot neatly into the gaps - or for hanging customers' coats, hats and umbrellas.
A set of lights by Canadian designer Zoe Garred slot into holes above the dining tables. Seating is provided by wooden benches with brightly coloured cushions, designed to evoke the familiar look of typical highway restaurants.
Architects Susan and David Scott designed the restaurant so that owners Clinton McDougall and Dane Brown could build it themselves. "[It draws] on their shared love for matter-of-fact detailing of ad-hoc construction and high considered rational design," they explained.
"The design uses common materials that can be worked with a few simple tools and a limited amount of everyday items that are repeated, allowing the work to be completed on site with minimal shop support," they added.
The kitchen is exposed to diners and is lined with white ceramic tiles. It features an adjustable hanging system made from thin strips of copper, accommodating hooks for utensils, beer mugs and shelves.
A copper counter runs along in front alongside more of the wooden stools, which were created by Canadian designer Joji Fukushima.
Other details include a wooden cuckoo clock that is fixed onto one of the walls.
Scott & Scott Architects are based in Vancouver. Other projects by the studio include a remote snowboarding cabin on Vancouver Island.
Other restaurants and bars on Dezeen include a 1920s-style bar and brasserie in Basel, a restaurant and nightclub in a converted car park near Stockholm and a Parisian penthouse and bar containing chunky black trees.
See more restaurants and bars »
See more architecture in Vancouver »
Photography is by the architects.
Here's some more text from Scott and Scott Architects:
Bestie Currywurst
Restauranteurs Clinton McDougall and Dane Brown open their highly anticipated currywurst restaurant Bestie this week_10<<
The project draws from the architects’ and owners’ shared love for both the matter-of- fact..
Location: 105 E Pender Street Vancouver, Canada
Opened: 17 June 2013
Area: 750 sq‘ (70 sq.m.)
Photo Credits: Scott and Scott Architects
- Fritz
More interiors:
dezeen loves... Deitch PAPER Art Store
Corso Place Franz Liszt by Robert Stadle…r
Het Arresthuis hotel in a former prison …by Van der Valk hotels
Inblum Architects designs Wix offices in… Vilnius with glazed meeting rooms
"It's just as hard to do a good interior… as it is to do a good building"
Café/day by Suppose Design Office
Undressed by Jessica Lichtenstein
Bear House by Onion
Max Lamb surrounds Opening Ceremony bout…ique with "lustrous" latex rubber curtains
of all our stories…]
From the Archive: Changing Majors
The [Keep Reading…]
I’m running for the 2008 Information Architecture Institute board of directors
The [Keep Reading…]
Week 1 of independence
I [Keep Reading…]Morning Folks! I hope you all had a great New Year and have recovered from all the eating and drinking!! I know I did far too much of both!!
So welcome to our first challenge of 2011 at Truly Scrumptious. We are “Dreaming of Summer” this week and I really am longing for those lighter nights and warmer temperatures. The snow this year was just horrendous and here’s hoping we don’t see any more for a while.
Here is our sketch this week.
Hope you can join us this week with our summer fun!
12 comments:
oh hun this is really beautiful,love those flowers just so elegant,happy new year hun,hugs cheryl xxxx
beautiful card dawn...love those daisies and me too...roll on the light mornings and summer days....happy 2011...hugs kath xxx
oh this is fab chick, nice and summery, definetely something to look forward to!!
We got a wee bit more snow last night, fingers crossed we don't get loads more
hugs
Amanda x
Happy New Year Dawn.Beautiful elegant card.xxx
Hi Dawn, What a nice card. Like what you did make out of the sketch. Looks great with the flowers.
A happy new year and thanks so much for your lovely card you made.
Hugs Sinikka
oh this is so summery....perfect after the icky day here!
love teen xx
Hi ya hun
totally gorgeous card, luv the image, beautiful design, happy new year hun, sue,x
Such a gorgeous card Dawn. Love the image you've used and the colours also. Happy New Year to you Hugs Michele x
Totally fabulous. Elegant and stylish. Can you tell I like it?
Happy New Year.
Beryl xx
wow Dawn what a beautiful card. Wish you Happy New Year
hugs Pia
a fabulous card Dawn, love the daisy image that you have used.xx
hiya chickie! HAPPY (belated) NEW YEAR! i'm looking forward to seeing your creation this year
...and what a great start..love your card...simply beautiful and so elegantmenghai dayi(berylleb ebay)Edit Company
Popular Teas from menghai dayi(berylleb ebay)See All 9 Teas
Recent Tasting Notes
A treat from boychik
oh so smooth.
Some infusions seemed really sweet. Some seemed a little earthy. Some seemed both.
Rich and tasty.
7g used.
Tight compression. Green aroma.
5s – Complex. Fruit¸ green, herbal. Flavour lingers. Fruity herbal. Dark plums.
5s (again) – So much going on in the flavour. Bit of gunpowder tea smoke; this lingers in green darkish sweetness.
10s – Stronger. No bitterness. Has a treacle-like consistency. The herby taste is quite dry.
20s – There is no floral note an octave higher than the base notes – it has a shorter range (from low to high flavours); howbeit, they are well crafted.
Flavors: Fruity, Green, Herbs, Plums, Smoke
Preparation
Update the guys below are correct the price I mistakenly thought was for 7 oz is actually for 20 g. Big difference. This is still a very tasty puerh.
Still drinking this one again today with yesterday’s leaf. I only went about 30s with my steep today and it is lighter and more orange in color. Still nicely leather. I looked it up today and there is a sale on it right now $5.12/7 oz with free shipping. That’s crazy cheap and had I not looked and found out this was an inexpensive puerh, I would not have known. If you are interested here is the link (hope I’m allowed to do this):
In other news – our new porch is in the works. In preparation I had 3 oak and 2 persimmon trees cut in my front yard to make way. While the chainsaw masters were in my yard, we had 27 ash trees removed + 4 or 5 other trees. The ash trees had beetle infestations and were in various stages of being killed by the bugs. It is a big problem around here.
Not to worry, I still have lots of trees including about 80 persimmon and a couple humongous oak trees. Most of the ones we had cut were 50-70 ft tall. My yard looks like a war zone. I have a couple friends who are going to cut them up for firewood. It may take all summer. sigh.
I have two acres. On Google maps I can’t even see my house for the trees. Next time they update the satellite image things should look a lot different.
I just checked that link, and the $5.12 is for a 20 gram sample (you have to select the drop down ‘Net Weight’ menu to see that). the 7.05 oz is $24.60. Still, not too bad a price. : )
Yeah, as you can tell I don’t ebay. Sorry for the bad info and thanks for catching it guys.
Stephanie my wife hates persimmon pudding (a local favorite) but I used to have a dog that could eat them raw faster than we could pick them up off the ground.
I’m back after a week with no internet. No Facebook (didn’t miss it). No Steepster! Still shuddering over that last one. Today I broke in to this loose leaf offering. The leaf has lots of golden tips. The dry scent is light leather. I know we are going to be friends. In the Yixing it goes. The brew is a rosy orange as I pour. The wet leaf is a bit barnyard but there is nothing off about the mug. Mrmopar got apple out of this. I wish I did because that would have made this even more awesome. I got a cross between book leather and horse tack. As it cools a bit it takes on aspects of nutty – what many of you call chestnuts, although I have never had them so I can’t confirm. There is also a woodsy bark flavor. My brain keeps saying oak but the rest of me wonders how it knows. The point is this is very flavorful, at the same time it is a gentle easy to sip cup.
two days of this tea – im in a Puerh heaven. it is very very good puerh, complex, first 5 steeps maybe so unlike each other.
5g 100ml gaiwan 212F
rinse pause 5/5/10/10/15/15/20/30/ sec etc
Wet leaves have strong smell of dried apricots
1st steep produced brownish reddish clear tea. its sweet but had some sourdough notes at the very end of the sip
2nd steep clean and sweet. as cooled introduced some cream
3rd steep it smelled and tasted of strong cream of wheat.
here i stopped taking notes, it was a midnight. some steeps were mellow, then introduced more flavors. i wasnt paying attention. i just enjoyed.
i have to mention i haven’t noticed any earthiness, leather, cedar or barn smell. this tea is very clean.
I think I should stop rating Puerh. its so hard to put a number for me
Preparation
It’s not tea related, but made me remember how when my older daughter was a toddler she called it “cweamy weep”.
Haha, kids when they little just start talking are so adorable. I used to write down some funny stuff.
This is a “Special cake” for us at home. We pull it out every year on Valentines and Christmas eve to drink. It has been aging well and we have a backup cake also. I also purchased one from 2012 to age and sit till we drink the other two.
Wow 3 years in the cupboard and I haven’t reviewed this one yet. I must be slipping. Since this is a loose or ‘maocha’ shou I am going with a little less leaf and short steeps as I think it will yield quicker. Ten grams in the yixing with a 5 second rinse to it. It brew pretty light in color and an almost mix of apricots or white peaches. It has a slight buttery cocoa like finish to it. Hints of apple also. Apple! I think that is really the closest fruit to it. This one is a complex one. It is also one of the few loose puerhs I have tried. maybe I should explore more. It is really smooth with no “off’” notes and very nice drinking. Nice easy drinking. Nice complexity.
Preparation
What do you recommend in general in terms of leaf to water ratio for pu-erh? I am just now getting brave enough to try some of the ones I have had in my tea cabinet for a while.
Morgana if I use my yixing it holds about 10 oz of water I usually go 12 to 15 grams by weight of compressed tea. If I use loose leaf I usually try 8 to 10 grams. If I go totally gongfu with the gaiwan usually the same measurements but the water ratio is probably about 4 oz when I do this. This is just a personal preference for me. I would just experiment as my parameters may be too strong or weak based on your tastes. I tried varying ways before i hit the “sweet” spot.
Thanks—sounds like a general rule of thumb might be 1 oz water to 1 gram tea to start and adjust from there.
The yixing I used last night was from teh Tea Merchant. It was the mosaic pot they had on sale a while back.
I like that pot, it reminds me of Alladin’s Lamp :)
My yixings are all tiny 4-5oz size, although there are a few I’ve been drooling over that are 10oz.
A very nice dark warming cup. It has lots of sweet notes as you drink it. A small amount of bittersweet chocolate when it first hits the palate. Of all the shou I have drank this is really close to the subtleties of Mandala’s Phatty cake. And since I mentioned it that is a testament to the quality and attention that Mandala puts into their product. This is a really great tea to have as you wind the day down. Good flavor without being overpowering. Nice light fermented shou.
Preparation
Drinking this for the first time. Leaf aroma is very gentle compared to some other shengs. It actually looks a little older than it is. It brews a nice golden color with a medium hit of astringency of a young sheng. It gives an almost hint of burnt caramel on the sides of the tongue. It fades into a slightly sweet brew. Hopefully this will age well as I think it is a bit young for now.
Preparation
I’m so glad I followed you. I needed more puerh tasting notes in my feed. I’m a newb but really getting into pu.
This sounds good actually.
(The hint of burnt carmel)
Name is cool.
Trying to learn from your notes :-)
Bought this a while back to accompany the 2012 version of the same cake. In terms of leaf grade this one is only second currently to a Menghai 0712..
Preparation
Today is a 2007 menghai V4. This tea is a raw tea(sheng) with just a touch of oxidation on the outer leaves of the cake. It has a very light floral aroma when I opened the wrapper. I pulled off a chunk, measured 5gams and put in the gaiwan. I gave a 10 second flash rinse. First steep of about 10 seconds. Brew came out a light green, faint aroma and just a light green color. This tea has no vegetal notes that you would find in a younger tea. It is sweet, smooth and very easy to drink for a sheng. This tea left an almost honey taste in the mouth. Fruity almost a green grape taste. A very nice sheng and I will continue the session later today. 8.5/10.Interesting anonymous commentary on the Zero Hedge website:.
Via Bloomberg:
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders wants to take from the rich in order to make public college tuition-free for everyone else.
On Tuesday, the Vermont senator.I am the kickin' chat service for the University Libraries at UNCG. I rock and kick ask. I'm here to help UNCG people and the wider community with their research questions. Just IM me. You won't regret it...
Following (32)
Groups (9)
- EntreLib 60 photos, 2 members
- UNCG Librarians Anonymous 9 photos, 18 members
- ALAMidwinter2009 690 photos, 135 members
- UNCG's Library & Information Studies Student Association 43 photos, 8 members
- gaming @ your library 341 photos, 141 members
- ALAMidwinter08 499 photos, 122 members
- Library Stream for Site 7,440 photos, 263 members
- Libraries and Librarians - Please tag the images you add! 49,480 photos, 4,442 members
- North Carolina Libraries 636 photos, 27 members
Testimonials (0)
i.minerva luvs Jackson Library doesn't have any testimonials yet.Producer
Josh is a producer of many wonderful shows. Outside of Sandwich Video, Josh is a staff producer for Tim and Eric’s company Absolutely Productions. Recently he co-produced the new Adult Swim series “The Eric Andre Show” as well the series “Jon Benjamin Has a Van” for Comedy Central. He also produced the Professor Genki Game Show for the Saints Row video game franchise for THQ, as well as the 2012 Cannes-Lions winning viral campaign for Old Spice Body Spray featuring Terry Crews for Wieden+Kennedy. Josh also directs cool videos, some of which you can check out here.Carry some color.
7 Times Chanel's Cutest Model, Hudson Kroenig, Owned the Runway
Whether you're a Chanel girl or Fendi and Vuitton are more your speed, zero in on a bag that has withstood the trends and invest wisely in a noir version.
Fendi bag, $2,750; similar styles available at shopBAZAAR.com.
What Do You Think?IIRC, the WG was not prepared to do a global search and replace of URI for IRI in the primer, as URIs are a familiar concept and in almost all cases in the Primer the term is good enough. Having one statement pointing out that our use of URI instead of IRI is a simplification should be sufficient. We can confirm this on this week's call if I've misrepresented the WG's decision. ________________________________ From: Liu, Kevin [mailto:kevin.liu@sap.com] Sent: Friday, September 16, 2005 5:25 PM To: Hugo Haas; Jonathan Marsh Cc: www-ws-desc@w3.org Subject: What are the exemptions for use of IRI? Hi Hugo, Hi Jonathan, While working on proposing changes to the primer to implement your suggestions in LC303 [1], I realize that we may also need to do a global search in the Primer to replace the term URI with IRI to be consistent with the core spec, in addition to adding a brief introduction to IRI as you suggested. However, I notice that the resolution of LC74a [2] , which caused the URI to IRI changes in Part 1 and 2, contains a few exemptions. The resolution of LC74a says <quote>Change URI to IRI throughout except URI attr and prop on featiures and properties and SOAP module, which becomes "ref"; exempt appendix E where we talk about namespace URIs, and section 4.11.2 in adjunct spec.</quote>. It's not clear to me what the last two exemptions really are since section "Appendix E" and "section 4.11.2 in adjunct specs" are completely changed/removed in the current version of the spec. In particular, * If I recall it right, the former Part 1 appendix E is now part of the Primer section 5.6 [3] which talks about namespace URIs. Does the exemption for "Appendix E" in LC74a mean that namespace URI should not be changed to IRI? if so, why? * I have no idea what the "adjunct section 4.11.2" was, do you know what the exemption for "section 4.11.2" is? [1] [2] [3] Best Regards, Kevin ________________________________ From: www-ws-desc-request@w3.org [mailto:www-ws-desc-request@w3.org] On Behalf Of Jonathan Marsh Sent: Thursday, Sep 08, 2005 10:00 AM To: www-ws-desc@w3.org Subject: Minutes, 8 Sep 2005 WS Description WG telcon Encl. -- Jonathan Marsh -- jmarsh@microsoft.com <mailto:jmarsh@microsoft.com> -- <> --Received on Tuesday, 20 September 2005 14:51:15 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 21:54:56 UTCThe New York Times "The book to read, to get the full story on Mr. Wilson’s eventful life, is his memoir Naturalist, published in 1994."
More About This Textbook
Overview
Recalling his life from a childhood exploring the Gulf Coast of Alabama to a career as a Harvard professor, Pulitzer Prize-winner Wilson details how a boyhood enchantment with nature became a lifelong calling. He provides insight into the origin and development of the ideas that have shaped his biological research and defines the central principles of evolutionary biology.
Editorial Reviews
The New York Times
"The book to read, to get the full story on Mr. Wilson’s eventful life, is his memoir Naturalist, published in 1994."``Most children have a bug period,'' writes the author. ``I never grew out of mine.'' Winner of two Pulitzer prizes, pioneer in sociobiology, distinguished entomologist and teacher, Wilson has written an absorbing memoir that charts his development as a scientist. From the age of seven, he wanted to be a naturalist; an accident that left him blind in one eye determined his field, and he settled on ants. Wilson recounts with affection his student days at the University of Alabama. In 1951 he enrolled at Harvard to complete his Ph.D.; there he began to study the evolution of social ecology among animals. Memorable field trips-to Cuba, Central America, the South Pacific-led him into new disciplines biogeography and biodiversity. Noting that he has been ``blessed with brilliant enemies,'' he gives a lively account of academic infighting between molecular James Watson of DNA fame and evolutionary biologists during the 1960s. Wilson discusses his collaboration with Bert Hlldobler and the controversy that arose from the publication of Sociobiology: The New Synthesis in 1975. Wilson's memoir gives a rare glimpse into the evolution of scientific theory. 40,000 first printing. Oct.
Library JournalHarvard biologist Wilson is one of the most important figures in 20th-century science. Fortuitously, this Pulitzer Prize winner is one of the most admirable characters in 20th-century letters as well. He writes with elegance, grace, and exquisite precision whether his subject is ants Wilson and Bert Hlldobler's The Ants, Belknap: Harvard Univ. Pr., 1990, was a surprise best seller, sociobiology, biodiversity, or, as here, his long and interesting life. While not as rhetorically flashy as works by biologist-writers like Stephen Jay Gould, Wilson's work is eminently accessible and delightful to consume, and this book is no exception: if he had never done anything but write about his early years on the Gulf Coast, he would still be a favorite of all who love writing that brims with clarity and warmth. This memoir, a fitting capstone to an extraordinary career, should inspire yet another generation of scientists to explore the natural world. Essential for science collections and a wise acquisition for everyone else. [See also Hlldobler and Wilson's Journey to the Ants, reviewed on p. 208; see profile on p. 210.-Ed.]-Mark L. Shelton, Athens, Ohio
BooknewsA memoir by one of the century's most influential and most controversial biologists. He recounts a childhood with unpleasantnesses that led him to spend hours a day away from other people, his early attraction to bugs, and his training and career. We also get his side of two major controversies: that between molecular and traditional biologists over the legitimacy of the evolutionary approach in the 1950s-60s, and sociobiology, the new discipline (pseudo-discipline according to opponents) he created in 1975. No bibliography. Annotation c. Book News, Inc., Portland, OR (booknews.com) his life from a childhood exploring the Gulf Coast of Alabama to a career as a renowned professor at Harvard, Wilson details how a boyhood enchantment with nature became a life-long calling. "...nothing short of wondrous."-- Boston Globe. B&W photos & illus.
Product Details
Related Subjects
Meet the Author
Edward O. Wilson is Pellegrino University Professor and curator of entomology at the Museum of Comparative Zoology, Harvard University.
Read an Excerpt
Naturalist
By Edward O. Wilson
ISLAND PRESSCopyright © 1994 Island Press
ISBN: 978-1-59726-936-0
CHAPTER 1
PARADISE BEACH
WHAT HAPPENED, WHAT WE THINK HAPPENED IN DISTANT memory, is built around a small collection of dominating images. In one of my own from the age. Its opalescent pink bell is divided by thin red lines that radiate from center to circular edge. A wall of tentacles falls from the rim to surround and partially veil a feeding tube and other organs, which fold in and out like the fabric of a drawn curtain. I can see only a little way into this lower tissue mass. I want to know more but am afraid to wade in deeper and look more closely into the heart of the creature.
The jellyfish, I know now, was a sea nettle, formal scientific name Chrysaora quinquecirrha, a scyphozoan, a medusa, a member of the pelagic fauna that drifted in from the Gulf of Mexico and paused in the place I found it. I had no idea then of these names from the lexicon of zoology. The only word I had heard was jellyfish. But what a spectacle my animal was, and how inadequate, how demeaning, the bastard word used to label it. I should have been able to whisper its true name: scyph-o-zo-an! Think of it! I have found a scyphozoan. The name would have been a more fitting monument to this discovery.
The creature hung there motionless for hours. As evening approached and the time came for me to leave, its tangled undermass appeared to stretch deeper into the darkening water. Was this, I wondered, an animal or a collection of animals? Today I can say that it was a single animal. And that another outwardly similar animal found in the same waters, the Portuguese man-of-war, is a colony of animals so tightly joined as to form one smoothly functioning superorganism. Such are the general facts I recite easily now, but this sea nettle was special. It came into my world abruptly, from I knew not where, radiating what I cannot put into words except—alien purpose and dark happenings in the kingdom of deep water. The scyphozoan still embodies, when I summon its image, all the mystery and tensed malignity of the sea.
The next morning the sea nettle was gone. I never saw another during that summer of 1936. The place, Paradise Beach, which I have revisited in recent years, is a small settlement on the east shore of Florida's Perdido Bay, not far from Pensacola and in sight of Alabama across the water.
There was trouble at home in this season of fantasy. My parents were ending their marriage that year. Existence was difficult for them, but not for me, their only child, at least not yet. I had been placed in the care of a family that boarded one or two boys during the months of the summer vacation. Paradise Beach was paradise truly named for a little boy. Each morning after breakfast I left the small shorefront house to wander alone in search of treasures along the strand. I waded in and out of the dependably warm surf and scrounged for anything I could find in the drift. Sometimes I just sat on a rise to scan the open water. Back in time for lunch, out again, back for dinner, out once again, and, finally, off to bed to relive my continuing adventure briefly before falling asleep.
I have no remembrance of the names of the family I stayed with, what they looked like, their ages, or even how many there were. Most likely they were a married couple and, I am willing to suppose, caring and warmhearted people. They have passed out of my memory, and I have no need to learn their identity. It was the animals of that place that cast a lasting spell. I was seven years old, and every species, large and small, was a wonder to be examined, thought about, and, if possible, captured and examined again.
There were needlefish, foot-long green torpedoes with slender beaks, cruising the water just beneath the surface. Nervous in temperament, they kept you in sight and never let you come close enough to reach out a hand and catch them. I wondered where they went at night, but never found out. Blue crabs with skin-piercing claws scuttled close to shore at dusk. Easily caught in long-handled nets, they were boiled and cracked open and eaten straight or added to gumbo, the spicy seafood stew of the Gulf coast. Sea trout and other fish worked deeper water out to the nearby eelgrass flats and perhaps beyond; if you had a boat you could cast for them with bait and spinners. Stingrays, carrying threatening lances of bone flat along their muscular tails, buried themselves in the bottom sand of hip-deep water in the daytime and moved close to the surf as darkness fell.
One late afternoon a young man walked past me along the beach dangling a revolver in his hand, and I fell in behind him for a while. He said he was hunting stingrays. Many young men, my father among them, often took guns on such haphazard excursions into the countryside, mostly .22 pistols and rifles but also heavier handguns and shotguns, recreationally shooting any living thing they fancied except domestic animals and people. I thought of the stingray hunter as a kind of colleague as I trailed along, a fellow adventurer, and hoped he would find some exciting kind of animal I had not seen, maybe something big. When he had gone around a bend of the littoral and out of sight I heard the gun pop twice in quick succession. Could a bullet from a light handgun penetrate water deep enough to hit a stingray? I think so but never tried it. And I never saw the young marksman again to ask him.
How I longed to discover animals each larger than the last, until finally I caught a glimpse of some true giant! I knew there were large animals out there in deep water. Occasionally a school of bottlenose porpoises passed offshore less than a stone's throw from where I stood. In pairs, trios, and quartets they cut the surface with their backs and dorsal fins, arced down and out of sight, and broke the water again ten or twenty yards farther on. Their repetitions were so rhythmic that I could pick the spot where they would appear next. On calm days I sometimes scanned the glassy surface of Perdido Bay for hours at a time in the hope of spotting something huge and monstrous as it rose to the surface. I wanted at least to see a shark, to watch the fabled dorsal fin thrust proud out of the water, knowing it would look a lot like a porpoise at a distance but would surface and sound at irregular intervals. I also hoped for more than sharks, what exactly I could not say: something to enchant the rest of my life.
Almost all that came in sight were clearly porpoises, but I was not completely disappointed. Before I tell you about the one exception, let me say something about the psychology of monster hunting. Giants exist as a state of the mind. They are defined not as an absolute measurement but as a proportionality. I estimate that when I was seven years old I saw animals at about twice the size I see them now. The bell of a sea nettle averages ten inches across, I know that now; but the one I found seemed two feet across—a grown man's two feet. So giants can be real, even if adults don't choose to classify them as such. I was destined to meet such a creature at last. But it would not appear as a swirl on the surface of the open water.
It came close in at dusk, suddenly, as I sat on the dock leading away from shore to the family boathouse raised on pilings in shallow water. In the failing light I could barely see to the bottom, but I stayed perched on the dock anyway, looking for any creature large or small that might be moving. Without warning a gigantic ray, many times larger than the stingrays of common experience, glided silently out of the darkness, beneath my dangling feet, and away into the depths on the other side. It was gone in seconds, a circular shadow, seeming to blanket the whole bottom. I was thunderstruck. And immediately seized with a need to see this behemoth again, to capture it if I could, and to examine it close up. Perhaps, I thought, it lived nearby and cruised around the dock every night.
Late the next afternoon I anchored a line on the dock, skewered a live pinfish on the biggest hook I could find in the house, and let the bait sit in six feet of water overnight. The following morning I rushed out and pulled in the line. The bait was gone; the hook was bare. I repeated the procedure for a week without result, always losing the pinfish. I might have had better luck in snagging a ray if I had used shrimp or crab for bait, but no one gave me this beginner's advice. One morning I pulled in a Gulf toadfish, an omnivorous bottom-dweller with a huge mouth, bulging eyes, and slimy skin. Locals consider the species a trash fish and one of the ugliest of all sea creatures. I thought it was wonderful. I kept my toadfish in a bottle for a day, then let it go. After a while I stopped putting the line out for the great ray. I never again saw it pass beneath the dock.. He is like a primitive adult of long ago, an acquisitive early Homo arriving at the shore of Lake Malawi, say, or the Mozambique Channel. The experience must have been repeated countless times over thousands of generations, and it was richly rewarded. The sea, the lakes, and the broad rivers served as sources of food and barriers against enemies. No petty boundaries could split their flat expanse. They could not be burned or eroded into sterile gullies. They were impervious, it seemed, to change of any kind. The waterland was always there, timeless, invulnerable, mostly beyond reach, and inexhaustible.. He will add complicated details and context from his culture as he grows older. But the core image stays intact. When an adult he will find it curious, if he is at all reflective, that he has the urge to travel all day to fish or to watch sunsets on the ocean horizon.. Rachel Carson, who understood this principle well, used different words to the same effect in The Sense of Wonder in 1965: "If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow. The years of childhood are the time to prepare the soil." She wisely took children to the edge of the sea.
The summer at Paradise Beach was for me not an educational exercise planned by adults, but an accident in a haphazard life. I was parked there in what my parents trusted would be a safe and carefree environment. During that brief time, however, a second accident occurred that determined what kind of naturalist I would eventually become. I was fishing on the dock with minnow hooks and rod, jerking pinfish out of the water as soon as they struck the bait. The species, Lagodon rhomboides, is small, perchlike, and voracious. It carries ten needlelike spines that stick straight up in the membrane of the dorsal fin when it is threatened. I carelessly yanked too hard when one of the fish pulled on my line. It flew out of the water and into my face. One of its spines pierced the pupil of my right eye.
The pain was excruciating, and I suffered for hours. But being anxious to stay outdoors, I didn't complain very much. I continued fishing. Later, the host family, if they understood the problem at all (I can't remember), did not take me in for medical treatment. The next day the pain had subsided into mild discomfort, and then it disappeared. Several months later, after I had returned home to Pensacola, the pupil of the eye began to cloud over with a traumatic cataract. As soon as my parents noticed the change, they took me to a doctor, who shortly afterward admitted me to the old Pensacola Hospital to have the lens removed. The surgery was a terrifying nineteenth-century ordeal. Someone held me down while the anesthesiologist, a woman named Pearl Murphy, placed a gauze nose cone over my nose and mouth and dripped ether into it. Her fee for this standard service, I learned many years later, was five dollars. As I lost consciousness I dreamed I was all alone in a large auditorium. I was tied to a chair, unable to move, and screaming. Possibly I was screaming in reality before I went under. In any case the experience was almost as bad as the cataract. For years afterward I became nauseous at the smell of ether. Today I suffer from just one phobia: being trapped in a closed space with my arms immobilized and my face covered with an obstruction. The aversion is not an ordinary claustrophobia. I can enter closets and elevators and crawl beneath houses and automobiles with aplomb. In my teens and twenties I explored caves and underwater recesses around wharves without fear, just so long as my arms and face were free.
I was left with full sight in the left eye only. Fortunately, that vision proved to be more acute at close range than average—20/10 on the ophthalmologist's chart—and has remained so all my life. I lost stereoscopy but can make out fine print and the hairs on the bodies of small insects. In adolescence I also lost, possibly as the result of a hereditary defect, most of my hearing in the uppermost registers. Without a hearing aid, I cannot make out the calls of many bird and frog species.. On rainy spring nights my college companions could walk to the mating grounds of frogs guided only by the high-pitched calls of the males. I managed a few, such as the deep-voiced barking tree frog, which sounds like someone thumping a tub, and the eastern spadefoot toad, which wails like a soul on its way to perdition; but from most species all I detected was a vague buzzing in the ears.
In one important respect the turning wheel of my life came to a halt at this very early age. I was destined to become an entomologist, committed to minute crawling and flying insects, not by any touch of idiosyncratic genius, not by foresight, but by a fortuitous constriction of physiological ability. I had to have one kind of animal if not another, because the fire had been lit and I took what I could get. The attention of my surviving eye turned to the ground. I would thereafter celebrate the little things of the world, the animals that can be picked up between thumb and forefinger and brought close for inspection.CHAPTER 2
SEND US THE BOY
WHO CAN SAY WHAT EVENTS FORMED HIS OWN CHARACTER? Too many occur in the twilight of early childhood. The mind lives in half-remembered experiences of uncertain valence, where self-deception twists memory further from truth with every passing year. But of one event I can be completely sure. It began in the winter of 1937, when my parents, Edward and Inez Freeman Wilson, separated and began divorce proceedings. Divorce was still unusual at that time and in that part of the country, and there must have been a great deal of gossiping and head-shaking among other family members. While my parents untangled their lives, they looked for a place that could offer a guarantee of security to a seven-year-old. They chose the Gulf Coast Military Academy, a private school located on the shore road four miles east of Gulfport, Mississippi.
(Continues...)Free file update winning eleven 9 2013 download – file update, Free download file update winning eleven 9 2013 files at software informer – pro evolution soccer (known in japan, korea, and formerly in the americas as winning.
Update world soccer winning eleven 9 option file 2013 ~ pria tampan, When konami released world soccer winning eleven 8 international early in 2005, we described it as the best soccer game ever made. then, toward the end of.
Soccer games: winning eleven 9 new patch 2012/2013, Put konami-win32pes5opt to folder my documents/konami/winning eleven 9/save/folder1.
Winning eleven next-gen blog – the independent we/pes source, for, 11. dlc; konami; pes 2013; posted by adam neaves on february 27, 2013. konami have announced that they will be releasing the next batch of dlc for pes 2013 next.
Pes 2013 dlc and updates fully detailed! – winning eleven next-gen, Konami have revealed their plans for pes 2013 dlc! let’s break it down: day 1: this first dlc adds the three licensed stadia of the newly-promoted spanish clubs.
World soccer winning eleven soccer 2011 update 2.0 – download pes, World soccer winning eleven soccer 2011 update 2.0 * 200 nowych piłkarzy * nowe buty: adidas adizero prime, nike mv superfly ii * nowe twarze: cordoba, di maria.
Free download update winning 9 2012 2013 download – download, Free download download update winning 9 2012 2013 files at software informer – update from pastel payroll 2011 update 4 to pastel payroll 2012 update 1a * please note.
.
Return to the Game List, the FAQ, or the Home Page.
PC version, regular difficulty 1:38:14 by Sami Reinikainen, done in 48 segments.
Get Flash to see this player.
On 2011-06-13 Mark Amery submitted an improvement to part 12, the Heat segment. This brought the time down with another 45 seconds from 1:38:59 to 1:38:14.
Mark Amery's comments:
For some reason negoxe did this level terribly and it stood out in a bad way from his otherwise very solid run, so I decided to improve it.
To understand what I do here, you need to understand how the level is scripted, so I will explain all the relevant details.
At the start of the level, as soon as you fire a shot or explode a grenade near the troops advancing up the hill, you trigger this dialogue:
Captain Price: Do it.
*Explosives are set off wiping out the enemies on the hill*
SAS: Kaboom.
Gaz: Nice shot mate.
Captain Price: Open fire!
Also, a couple of seconds after you get your third kill of the level, the following dialogue, which will play immediately if the previous lines have already been spoken, and will be added to the dialogue queue and play afterwards if they are still in progress, is triggered:
Captain Price: Squad, hold your ground. They think we're a larger force than we really are.
Gaz: Copy.
After Gaz says 'Copy', the game again starts counting your kills. Three kills after Gaz says 'Copy', a timer of roughly 34.5 seconds is started, after which begins the dialogue which starts with the line
SAS: They're putting up smokescreens. Mac - you see anything?
After that it's just a script on a fixed timer up until the end of the mortar bombardment, at which point two things happen. First, a bunch of sections of barbed wire get deleted, and the enemies on the slope start moving towards the gaps. Secondly, a new kill counter gets activated, and after six or seven kills the first wave of enemy helicopters spawn in and start moving into position to drop off their troops.
This is a good moment to stop discussing the actual level scipting and instead discuss the stategy I use and why. My first goal is to activate the trigger for killing the third enemy after Gaz says 'Copy' as quickly as possible, to start the countdown to the smokescreens and the mortar bombardment. A theoretical perfect run would do this by triggering the explosives on the hill as soon as possible, then moving forward and getting three kills while the dialogue associated with triggering the explosives goes on, then wait until Gaz says 'Copy' and quickly get three more kills.
The problem with this approach in practice is that if you trigger the explosives early, then unless you have superhuman skills you won't have time to get three kills on the initial wave of enemies before they all get killed by the explosives, and will have to wait for more enemies to spawn in to get the kills needed to trigger Price's "Squad, hold your ground" dialogue.
Instead, I run straight up to the fence at the start of the level and then shoot three enemies once I get there, delaying triggering the explosives enough to give me time to get the kills in. A possible area for improvement in this run is firing the first shot a little earlier to trigger the explosives sooner, making everything subsequently occur that much earlier.
I want to activate the three-kill trigger after Gaz says 'Copy' as quickly as possible, so While Price is giving his "Squad, hold your ground" dialogue, I chuck a couple of grenades. These grenades actually get two kills (though you don't see them very well in the video). This means that the final kill I get with my sniper rifle is actually redundant; I've already hit three kills and activated the trigger by then that starts the 34.5 second timer to the smokescreens going up.
I use those 34.5 seconds to plant a bunch of Claymores at all the spots where the barbed wire will open later. These will kill a whole load of enemies the moment they start advancing after the gaps in the barbed wire appear, immediately spawning in the helicopters.
After that, the mission becomes simpler. There's a fixed delay until the detonators become usable, and as soon as they do, I use them all as quickly as possible. After that the tanks spawn and the Javelin becomes usable, so I immediately head towards the Javelin, saving a little time by leaving the building through the window instead of the door.
Once the final tank is destroyed, a long scripted sequence of dialogue, delays, and aerial bombings begins. A long way in comes the line
Sea Knight Pilot: Bravo Six, The LZ is too hot! We cannot land at the farm! Repeat, we CANNOT land at the farm! We're picking up SAM sites all over these mountains!
The moment this line begins to be spoken, a trigger is created around the landing zone which, once you enter it, will spawn in the Sea Knight.
Basically, then, once I get the Javelin, I destroy the four tanks as quickly as possible, and then after that I make sure I get within the trigger zone to spawn the Sea Knight before the trigger is created, to spawn the Sea Knight at the earliest possible moment.
After that, I luck-manipulate not having any of my teammates take a hit whilst running onto the chopper, which would slow them down and delay our departure. Then the level is over.
Individual-levels run of Xbox 360 Arcade mode in 1:52:32:
Get Flash to see this player.
Andrew Mills'!
AJ Stainer' comments:
Hi guys, I'm HoboWithaShotgun and I don't run this game! Well, technically I do, but without a recording device. ss4_link updated the All Ghillied Up mission speedrun from 2008 back in 2012 with the discovery of a couple of new Oob tricks. Unfortunately he didn't provide commentary for his run. So I decided, why not I do it. After asking ss4_link if I could do it (he said yes), here I am. This mission is pretty straightforward, though a couple things need to be explained.
First thing you'll notice is the runner killing all the enemies. This is normally supposed to be a stealth based mission, but obviously taking that approach would take too long. So just kill everyone and move on. All enemies (and dogs) need to be killed in order for MacMillan to move up.
Once MacMillan opens the church door, this is when things start to get weird. The runner preforms the first out of bounds trick, by simply climbing up the church ladder, jumping onto a wooden block, and then clipping through the church wall. The way to do this is to just run at the wall at a specific angle and you're on top of the church. Now, dropping down from the church requires extreme caution, as most of the ground isn't solid and you might fall through the map.
Getting back in bounds is also fairly difficult as it requires you to travel through a radiation field, which will kill you if you don't get out of fast. Fortunately you just have barely enough time to get out before dying.
The second out of bounds trick is a bit harder to preform, at least in my opinion. This trick involves jumping onto certain cars at specific spots, otherwise you'll fall back to the ground. Once you get out of bounds, same rules apply as before. Getting in bounds is a bit easier though, as you can just walk through a wall to get back in. Fortunately, using this glitch despawns every enemy for the rest of the level (except for one guy and a dog) making the rest of this mission easy. Also, thank god you need to have MacMillan with you at the end like most missions in this game, otherwise you'd have to wait for him to move up, which would make for a very boring speedrun to watch.
Return to the Game List, the FAQ, or the Home Page.Wilsonville, OR – -(Ammoland.com)- A question often arises for gun owners when purchasing and adding a Crimson Trace laser sight —Lasergrips, Laserguard, Lightguard and Rail Master –to a handgun.
“Are holsters available?” is asked.
The good news, yes, Crimson Trace now offers more than 50 holsters, including new models by Blackhawk!, DeSantis and Blade-Tech.
The great news is that those holsters are readily available on. The many models are made from leather, nylon, Kydex, or other synthetic materials. Most models are custom holsters that are adjustable, some can be worn inside or outside the waistband, and one unique holster is designed to hold a handgun at-the-ready by your bedside.
Finding a holster has never been easier. The Crimson Trace website now permits searching for holster by firearm manufacturer or by holster manufacturer. The leading holster brands in the industry are represented, such as: Blackhawk!, Blade-Tech, Crossbreed, DeSantis, Galco, Mitch Rosen, Tactical Tailor, and others. Retail prices range from $25 to $75. Crimson Trace also offers more than 20 special laser and holster combination packages.
The holster styles available in the Crimson Trace online store will fit many handguns, including: 1911s, Beretta, Diamondback, Glock, H&K, Kahr Arms, Kel-Tec, Ruger, Smith & Wesson, Springfield Armory, Taurus and others.
To aid with holster selection questions and concerns, the Crimson Trace website also has product reviews, model specifications and informational videos. The available holster details are specific, such as the Crossbreed Supertuck Deluxe that works inside the waist band to hold and conceal Glock pistols equipped with a Crimson Trace Lightguard or Laserguard. There are also holsters for revolvers, such as the Mitch Rosen custom 5JR-EXP for S&W J-frames, and holsters to accommodate pistols equipped with Crimson Trace’s Rail Master® and Rail Master Pros®.
Crimson Trace is based in Wilsonville, Oregon. The company’s goal is to make laser sighting systems standard equipment on every personal protection firearm in the United States. All Crimson Trace products are Made in the USA. More details are at or available by calling 800-442-2406.
ABOUT CRIMSON TRACE:
Crimson Trace, America or by calling 800-442-2406.
City officials sour on excursion boat deal
Community
Written by Kristyn Halbig Ziehm
Wednesday, 10 November 2010 18:59
Miffed by lack of communication from cruise firms, commission decides to charge them for winter marina use
A frustrated Harbor Commission on Monday decided that if two excursion boats want to dock in the Port Washington marina this winter, they will have to pay.
The city had reached an agreement with Foxy Lady Cruises of Green Bay and Harbor Lady Yacht Cruises of Sturgeon Bay to allow two of their boats to remain in the marina over winter in return for the firm offering several public cruises.
The boats were expected to pull into the harbor on Oct. 15, but that date came and went with little communication from the ships’ owners, Harbormaster Dennis Cherny said.
“People are asking, ‘Where are these boats?’” he said.
He called the cruise operators and was told they were going to extend their season and remain in Sturgeon Bay for two weeks, Cherny said.
But when the boats didn’t arrived at the end of October, he went to check again and discovered that, according to their Web site, they are moored in McKinley Marina in Milwaukee through Dec. 15, offering cruises there, Cherny said.
“I saw them go by on Sunday,” he said. “I’m thinking this deal has fallen through.
“I don’t have a clue what’s happening. I don’t know if they’re anticipating coming here on the 12th of December. There’s nothing on the Web site about Port Washington.”
He noted that, in return for mooring here, the boats were to offer three community cruises between Oct. 15 and April 15 — with the city receiving $2 of each ticket sold — host a welcome back party for marina tenants in spring and pay the cost of electricity needed to run the ice eaters in the north slip marina, where they would be docked.
“When are we going to get those free charters?” Cherny asked. “They had three or four nice weekends when they could have offered them here.”
Springtime, he noted, is generally too chilly for cruising.
Frustrated commission members expressed skepticism about the deal, which was approved by the Common Council last month.
“Their attitude stinks,” Commission Chairman Gerald Gruen said.
City Administrator Mark Grams said, “The time for them to come would have been in October. Spring cruises are questionable because the weather is more questionable then.
“They went to Milwaukee instead to extend their season. I think they’re just looking for free storage from Port Washington.”
He suggested that, since the deal the city had with the companies was verbal, the marina now charge the boats to remain in the marina over winter.
Commission members concurred, agreeing to charge them $2,000 per boat for winter storage, plus the cost of electricity.
“It sounded like a nice thing,” Cherny lamented, adding he will contact the boat owners again to see what is happening. “This was going to be a win-win for both of us. It doesn’t appear to be a win for us.”
Grams said he hopes that if the boats do moor in the marina over winter, the owners will offer the cruises to residents.
Set as favorite
Bookmark
Hits: 2418
(0)
Write comment
You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account yet.
advertisement
Joomla!
is Free Software released under the
GNU/GPL License.
Shape5.com capacity on RAID is increasing. While this raises some questions about the integrity of RAID, new technologies are emerging with higher capacities and more capable increasing amounts of data storage capacity on RAID has become a difficult task for many storage administrators. The massive amounts of capacity on a single drive also raise questions about the efficacy of RAID 5 as a data protection technique. For industry analyst Mike Karp, the growing capacity of multiple terabyte disk drives inevitably increases disk errors. "For every unit of capacity, we know there will be a certain number of errors," he said.
Organizations traditionally relied on RAID 5 to overcome those errors through the use of parity data. However, because of the time it takes a system to rebuild a 1 TB drive using RAID 5, the likelihood that another drive may fail increases, compounding the problems. Karp's solution is object-based RAID, which relies on small units of storage and allows the system to rebuild the drive in smaller increments. Others suggest RAID variations that use multiple parity disks, such as RAID 6 , can do the job. There are also a handful of new technologies emerging to address the capacity issues of data storage media.
New technologies increase disk's data storage capacity
Several technologies are vying to produce the next breakthrough in packing more bits on a piece of storage media. Currently, perpendicular magnetic recording (PMR), which stacks bits vertically on the surface rather than laid out horizontally, is the technology of choice, but it will hit the superparamagnetic limit within a few years. But alternative technologies are emerging, including:
- Bit-patterned media (BPM) stores each bit as a nanometer-scale pattern of grains on the media. As described by Hitachi, it creates an ordered array of highly uniform islands, each island capable of storing an individual bit.
- Heat-assisted magnetic recording (HAMR) uses heat to stabilize the tiny stored bits, allowing smaller bits to be recorded. HAMR, however, creates heat, which runs counter to the industry's growing green storage impulses.
- Microwave-assisted magnetic recording (MAMR) writes bits at different layers of the media.
HAMR will likely be ready for production by 2013, with MAMR probably ready a year later, according to Mark Nossokoff, a senior member of the strategic planning team at LSI Corp.'s Engenio Storage Group.
BIO: Alan Radding is a freelance writer and frequent contributor to Storage magazine and SearchStorage.com.
Dig Deeper on RAID
PRO+
Content
Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here.Distinctive Style & Superior Design
The Grandlok window is the ultimate in “beauty, efficiency and strength, designed to enhance your home's appearance while increasing its comfort level.” The beauty of the new soft curved welded sash design, equal lites of glass and the unique cove mold look of the welded master frame offers a more traditional wood window interior and exterior appearance. Energy efficiency, security and sound transmission performance are achieved by ¾” “Warm Edge” insulating glass, maximum weather stripping and precisely engineered interlocking vinyl window extrusions. The strength of the Grandlok window comes from heavy wall construction, fusion welded frame and sashes, interlocking meeting rail and a low profile one piece sloped sill. Finally the natural beauty of the maintenance free finish of Sunshield vinyl, which retains its sheen year after year.
Every Grandlok fully welded window is custom-sized to your specifications, designed and constructed to meet your needs with styles and options you choose. This assures you of a perfect fit without altering the architectural structure of your home. Quick and clean installation is performed by qualified professionals.
To back your investment your Grandlok window manufacturer stands behind every window with one of the best warranties in the industry. Quality materials, superb construction and expert installation give you a window that will last a lifetime. Ask for the best in replacement windows -–Grandlok welded windows – your assurance of satisfaction.
Grandlok welded windows are available in almost every size in a variety of styles and can be combined with casement windows for a seamless appearance. Select a traditional window or design a special look by combining with picture windows, casements, awnings, sliders, and the classic bay or bow. All the windows made of Sunshield vinyl are available in White, Desert Sand, Clay, and Earthbrown.
The Vinyl, The Spacer, The Glass
The VinylThe design of the window and the quality of the vinyl extrusion insures the beauty and performance of the finished product. The window systems of American WindowWhen selecting windows for your home you want to look for products that give you the quality and performance your home deserves. A good place to start is to look for windows that have Intercept insulated glass. Intercept is a patented “Warm Edge Technology” spacer system that features a unique one-piece, U-channel design that creates an effective thermal barrier. It, therefore, reduces conductive heat loss through the window. Intercept’s sealed; one-piece design makes it stronger and better at retaining insulating gas than conventional spacer designs. The Intercept keping out Star window program is a voluntary partnership between the US Department of Energy and participating window manufacturers. All of our windows using Solarban 60 Low-E are Energy Star.
See Limited Lifetime Transferable Replacement Window Warranty for complete details.
Options:
Window Styles:Choose from the Grandlok Double Hung, 2 Lite Slider, 3 Lite Slider, or Picture Window.
Grids:You may add many grid options to the Grandlok Replacement window. Choose from Colonial Standard, Contour, Brass, Prairie Style (in Stock Colors or Brass), Diamond Shape (in Stock Colors or Brass) as a few of the many options available in the grid options.
Glass:Clear glass is standard in all Grandlok Replacement windows. You may choose to upgrade the glass with options including Low-E glass, grey-tinted, bronze-tinted, obscure glass, tempered glass and argon gas-filled glass units.
Colors:The Grandlok Replacement windows are available in our standard stock colors of White, Sand, Clay, and Earthbrown.
AmeriColor - Color Select Program:The Grand aluminum screens are standard on the Grandlok Replacement windows. You may choose full screens for your windows as an additional option.
Mullions:The Grandlok Replacement windows can be mulled into twin units, triple units, and stacked units.Author Says New York's Greener than Vermont, Despite Appearancesics.
Sponsor ContentA proverbial record with the title "Animal" would typically feature ravenous rhymes and a raw demeanor. Dice Raw's new single is certainly raw, but it goes deeper than that.
Set to a striking piano backdrop courtesy of Ant Man Wonda, Dice passionately breaks through the stereotype of the incarcerated. Looking to shine a new light on their daily plight, he croons, "I came from the streets, where you have to fight/And you have to argue for every right/But I'm no animal."
"Animal" will be featured on Dice Raw's upcoming album, Jimmy's Back, due out August 4.
RELATED: Take A Peek At Dice Raw's New Album "Jimmy's Back"
RELATED: Listen: Dice Raw "Over"
Watch NowWarning: This post is only of interest to those who are interested in bike riding in Portugal and/or folding bikes.
We've had our Airnimal Black Rhinos for about 16 months now. We had been looking for many years for the "ultimate" touring bike that could also be easily taken around the World (by car, plane, train, etc). While I have been very pleased with my Brompton L6 (and wish I'd got something like that earlier), it is very much a commuter bike. Most other touring folding bikes we saw (Bike Friday, Birdy, Dahon, etc.) seemed to be compromises in one or two departments.
When we set eyes on the Airnimal Rhinos however, we could see immediately that, despite the small (20") wheels, these were real bikes. We tried them out at the same time as a Bike Friday and a Birdy, and it was obvious which one we would choose. Airnimal make a range of folding bikes for different requirements and different price points. The Rhinos are aimed at riders who want foldability but also off-road levels of performance.
While neither of us consider ourselves mountain-bikers, we are frequently faced with different terrains on touring rides, and so such a bike seemed a good solution to us back then - fitted with slimmer and slicker tyres for better touring performance. The Rhino is unique (as far as we know) in being a folding bike that is also a full front and rear suspension bike - using standard components. This had not been a requirement for us - in fact we had not been convinced about the need for any type of suspension. But having now experienced the value from modern light suspension systems that can also be easily turned on and off, I am especially pleased we went this route.
It is partly the suspension that allows the Rhino to offer such a great riding experience next to its peers - even in normal road situations, as small-wheeled bikes seem to behave and ride better with even just a bit of suspension. The fact that the Rhino is British-designed (though not manufactured completely here) seemed to be icing on the cake. We've had a good level of personal service from the people at Airnimal, so that has again been a benefit.
We were actually keen to have our bikes with the Rohloff 14-speed hub gearing system, and talked to Airnimal about this possibility. While they would have been prepared to do this, we felt that we might suffer from being guinea pigs, and opted for the traditional Shimano Deore XT 27 speed solution. Ironically, newer Black Rhinos are equipped as standard with the Rohloff, and we may consider retrofitting some day. But interestingly, while I feel the 27 speed Shimano doesn't offer as much as I would like at the top end and I haven't got the adjustment right yet (though that is because of my lack of skill in that regard), our trip to Portugal showed why the traditional gearing might be better if you intend to fly with your bikes. Our Black Rhinos come in around 12.5Kg with saddle etc, and in the hard Delsey suitcase, it's pretty close to 20Kg. That happens to be the weight limit on many airlines for European flights. Add even a few bike extras (such as tools - more about that later) and you're pushing it a bit. Ours' clocked in around 21Kg and Easyjet were fine with that. My suspicion is that another 1 or 2Kg though would have triggered excess baggage costs. It also means, you've got to ensure your other (carry-on) baggage is VERY light. Fortunately, we're now experts at that!
One reason we exceeded the 20Kg on the way out is that we put our tennis rackets in the cases too. On the way back we chose to dice with security and carry them on. Perversely we had no problems with the rackets, but an allen key, a set of bicycle tools (primarily allen keys), and a bicycle chain were confiscated from us by officious Portuguese security (forcing a pain-in-the-arse visit back to Easyjet, and the submission of the smallest ever oversize luggage item in a thick plastic bag!). UK security had no problems with such items on the outbound flight. And nobody worried about pedals, etc which we also had with us. I mention all this in relation to our decision on Black Rhinos and the Shimano system. The (cheaper) White Rhino bikes (but still Black in actual colour!) are heavier, and use of the Rohloff vs Shimano also adds 1Kg to the weight. So, those wishing to fly within Europe with their folding bikes should beware the exact specification of the model of Rhino they choose.
We have folded the Rhinos many times to fit in the back of the car. This first-level fold is very easy requiring just removal of the front wheel, removal of the seatpost/saddle and undoing two quick-release levers on the frame (one to link the suspension, the other for the seatpost). The rear of the bike then pivots and the front forks fit over the rear wheel. It can be done in just a couple of minutes. The bike then fits into a soft carrier bag which can be carried over the shoulder. The size of the pack is considerably bigger than the Brompton, but fine for most purposes.
A couple of annoyances are that there is no way to secure the bike in the folded position - so it easily comes undone when not in the soft case. And, it is easy to catch the front forks on the rear wheel and derailleur which causes paint damage. We've solved the first problem with a velcro tie, and we're a bit more careful with what gear we leave it in to ensure the front forks fit better over the wheel (but still not perfect - especially with a speed sensor on the fork).
Until this trip, we'd never put the bikes in the suitcase, and I'd developed an irrational fear that it was going to be very difficult. In fact, it was not much harder than the first fold. In this case, both wheels come off (rear brake cable released), and the spindles are removed from each wheel. A little quick-release device holds the chain and derailleur in position. The pedals are also removed. The only other operation of note is to release the handlebar from the stem and turn it into fit. The bike comfortably and securely fits in the suitcase. A little padding helps - especially if you carry loose extras/tools.
I'd say that I could do each bike in under 10 minutes - both disassembly and reassembly - made easier with a second person on hand for a couple of the operations, but not vital. To ensure correct setup, it's best to allow a little longer. Also make sure you have some latex gloves as it can be a bit messy. The only tools required were two allen keys (one for pedals with good leverage, and one for handlebar). With the bikes in the suitcases, there was no need to disclose they were bikes, and no need to let the tyres down of course which saved some time at the other end. We certainly saved £20-30 per flight per person on luggage costs (bikes can usually be sent for about that much on most airlines). But our bikes also arrived safely at each destination. Previously, we've experienced bent derailleurs and other damage - even with extensive padding. I would also say that the packing and unpacking required for the Rhinos is less than we've had to do on standard bikes to send them by plane. The suitcases fitted into our small Hyundai hire car at the other end with just the rear seats folded.
We enjoyed 5 different rides while we were there from around 25 miles to 45 miles - unfortunately usually in the midday sun of about >35˚C. I've placed information on those rides in a separate post as they are generic for any rider. The Rhinos were superb in every case. We were able to climb up serious hills into and out of villages with the excellent gearing, as well as deal with some off-road trails climbing up to 500m (when we chose the wrong road!). The suspension came in very handy in this case in particular (as did GPS!). It also turned out very useful when dealing with some less than perfect roads as well as in the many towns with extensive cobbled streets and speed bumps (The front suspension can be damped immediately by reaching down and turning a "volume" knob. The rear suspension is usually left with damping on. A button press - slightly awkward while moving, but simple when stationary - is all that is required to undamp.
The bikes are very stable - even at speed. Our best experience was covering a 5 mile flat route down to the tip of the South West coast at >20mph with lots of wind assistance. On the way back we even had a 2-mile stretch where I was riding at about 30mph on the flat. Wonderful. The downside was doing the reverse - 8mph into a headwind for 5 miles! I do not feel that the bikes have much of a trade-off in top speed over a bigger wheeled bike. But they also offer faster acceleration from standing start and are slightly easier up steep hills due to lower rolling resistance.
The bikes got a huge amount of attention wherever we went with at least 3 people taking photographs of the bikes, and lots of questions from many people!
In conclusion, the bikes are just great - exactly what we had wanted for many years, but perhaps only recently possible with newer technologies. The folding is simple enough for most non-engineers, and the packing secure. More importantly, you have a bike with you that is your favourite best bike wherever you are - capable of riding most surfaces and conditions reliably. The few quibbles are generally mentioned above. Occasionally when standing on the pedals my knees get a bit close to the gear shifters on the handlebar, the gear adjustment isn't quite right yet (but should be ok), and I'd like a higher top gear for those flat-out wind-assisted moments! Also, we haven't quite worked out ideal placement for water bottles (I don't like the Camelbak style approach as I don't want some sweaty mess on my back during a ride).
Stay tuned for information on the rides including a few tips on riding in the Algarve (and about the dogs!). For the more nerdie amongst you, I'm also going to post on my GPS experience too!
(The photos here are of the bikes near a beach at Lagos, and with Sue standing next to them at Cape St Vincent - the most south-westerly - and windy - point in mainland Europe. The sign refers, we think, to the Portuguese equivalent of John O'Groats to Lands End. More photos of the rides will be over on the website).
Tags: Airnimal, Folding Bikes, Algarve, Cycling
6 comments:
You might find something like that useful to mount bottles to the seatpost. They work quite well unless you are speeding over rough terrain when the bottles have a habit of flying out.
Hi James
Thanks for stopping by - I enjoyed your blog posting on the Airnimal's also (assuming you're the same James M I'm thinking about!).
If you look carefully on the first photo on the blog, you'll see that we've got something similar to what you proposed - it was provided actually by Airnimal - but attaches to the saddle rather than the seatpost. It does work reasonably - as you suggest, it might be a problem if seriously off-road. However, mostly we use the bikes with a rear pannier system (as shown on the other bike in the photo), and we cannot use both. While the Topeak bags we use (lovely bags) allow for a water bottle as well, it's at the rear of the bike so can't be reached as you're travelling. I did see a quick-release holder that would attach to the seatpost by Minoura - the QB-90, but I couldn't find one in the UK to try. That at least would give us flexibility - use that without pannier, and use Topeak with. I'd ideally like one that fitted to the main frame though and was easily removed during folding.
Hope you've been happy with your bike.
Hi Ian,
Yes, I am the same James. I've really been enjoying my Rhino, furthest I've done so far in one day was 65 miles from Reading to London along the NCN. What tyres have you got fitted? I've been riding Schwalbe Big Apples recently and have found them great for towpaths etc but slower on road.
James
James
We've done a lot of rides in the 30-60 mile range, and a few just above that. Although I'm not near the bikes, I think we got the Schwalbe Marathon 1.75" tyres, which are relatively slick. They are also Kevlar banded (touch wood, no punctures yet). They seem pretty good for our type of riding, but mightn't be suitable in extreme off-road or too much compromise for serious road-users. The bike feels very stable to me - even at high speed. I also feel small wheels help in initial acceleration. We tend to keep the suspension highly damped - especially the rear for all road use, though I like to reach down and add a bit of front suspension over rough bits, speed bumps etc.
Ian
Hi James,
I am seriously considering buying an Airnimal Rhino. However, I am 6'2" tall. Do you think the Rhino would be able to accomodate someone of my height?
Thanks in advance for any reply,
Andrew.
Dear Anonymous
1. I am not James. There is a James who has made a comment here. Perhaps you meant to ask him?
2. I am not Airnimal Sales or support, which would surely be the place to ask such a question? As it happens, I am about 5'6" so definitely not the person to ask. I suggest you ask the question via their site.
Good luck with finding a Rhino that fits.I just started a new blog on my ultralight gear. My gear list in all it's glory is located on: each item of gear, I'm writing an in-depth review for the item and how we have used it. Would love to get feedback and the site and our gear and/or comments from people on how we can fine tune.Currently my wifes pack is 7.5 lbs base weight, and mine is 10.5 lbs.Thanks!-Brett
Edited by brettmarl on 09/09/2006 15:59:48 MDT.
Brett, Your BLOG looks good.You should put the size of your items where their is one such as pants, shoes, jacket etc. There is a golf like "handicap' for anyone that wears larger then size medium or size 9.5 shoe. Sure.I think you might recheck some of your math. Not sure but some totals look low. Don't trust the posted weightof gear, weigh it yourself if you haven't.Why is your pack list so heavy?
I agree, nice looking blog. Bill is right on listing the sizes, other than that....looks great!
Brett - nice list, and nice format!(One small typo: it currently says "Cloudburt" for the tent.)
Edited by slnsf on 09/09/2006 18:08:48 MDT.
Great site with good info. I'm trying to decide between the GoLite Infinity and Jam and I think after reading your blog, that the Jam should be plenty big.I'm interested to see what's in your first aid kit.Also, any issues with the water purification tablets? I currently use a MSR miniworks pump and I'm looking to lighten up...
At first I thought you might not be warm enough as I reviewed your North Cascade hike, then I recounted your layers. Very nice site! What I was a little confused about was the opening statement of getting four days of backpacking gear into a pack, yet at the bottom the food for two was estimated for three days. However I now understand that these are not mutually exclusive statements.
thanks for the feedback.i fixed the cloudburt typo (thanks), and the 4 vs. 3 days. ai also completed all my gear posts - including the innards of my first aid kit and my experiences with the MicroPUR tabs.the weights listed should be the ones that i weighed myself (unless, i've mis-typed in some areas)bill - you say to check my math with "Why is your pack list so heavy?". not sure what you are refering to here.great idea on including the sizes.
You must login to post.
MEMBERSHIP IS REQUIRED TO POST: You must be a Forum, Annual or Lifetime Member to post messages in the backpackinglight.com forums.
SUBSCRIBE NOW »Tech Tip: Weak Fuel Pump Can Cause Engine to Misfire
By Larry Carley
Technical Editor
The fuel pump is the heart of the fuel system. On most late-model vehicles, an electric pump is mounted inside the fuel tank to supply fuel to the fuel injectors. The pump runs continuously after the key is turned on and the engine starts — unless something goes wrong with the pump and it quits. A fuel pump failure causes the engine to stall and will prevent it from restarting.
Back in the days when engines had carburetors, replacing a fuel pump was not a big deal nor a major expense. The pump was mounted on the side of the engine and usually sold for $20 or less. Diagnosis was relatively simple, too. If it leaked or failed to pump fuel to the carburetor, it was bad.
With electric fuel pumps, it’s a different story. The pumps typically cost $150 to $300. The in-tank location also makes them difficult and expensive to replace. Labor alone can add a couple hundred dollars to the repair bill. Diagnosis can also be a challenge, even for experienced technicians.
For a fuel-injected engine to run properly, the fuel pump must be capable of generating pressure that meets the system’s operating requirements. Close enough is not good enough. The pressure delivered by the pump must meet specifications because that’s the way the engine is calibrated to run. If fuel pressure is even a couple pounds less than the specifications, it can cause problems. A weak pump that isn’t delivering adequate pressure can cause an engine to run lean, misfire and hesitate when accelerating.
The volume of fuel is just as important as pressure. A good fuel pump is usually capable of pumping at least 750 ml (3/4 quart) of fuel in 30 seconds. If it can’t, there’s a problem. The pump might be getting wear, a clogged fuel filter might be restricting fuel flow to the engine, or the pump might not be getting enough volts through its power circuit to run at normal speed. Loose or corroded wiring connections in the pump circuit, a bad relay or low system voltage can all affect the operation of the fuel pump.
Low fuel pressure can be caused by any of these factors, as well as a bad fuel pressure regulator. The regulator is a small valve with a spring-loaded diaphragm inside. The regulator’s job is to control fuel pressure to the injectors.
On most applications, the regulator is mounted on the engine’s fuel injector supply rail. But on engines with “returnless” fuel injection systems, the regulator is located in or on the fuel tank near the fuel pump. On the engine-mounted applications, the regulator has a vacuum line connection to the intake manifold. At idle, high vacuum in the intake manifold causes the regulator to bleed off fuel pressure and route the excess fuel back to the tank through a return line. As engine load increases and vacuum drops, the regulator bleed off less pressure to maintain the same relative pressure differential between the injectors and intake manifold.
If the regulator leaks internally, it may bleed off too much pressure, causing symptoms that mimic a bad fuel pump. Consequently, if the operation of the regulator isn’t checked, someone may replace the fuel pump unnecessarily. The regulator can be checked by pinching off or disconnecting the vacuum hose. This should cause an increase in fuel pressure. If fuel pressure is low, and pinching off the return line causes it to rise to normal levels, the regulator is leaking and should be replaced.
All too often, these “other” causes are overlooked and the fuel pump is replaced unnecessarily. Misdiagnosis is a major issue with electric fuel pumps and costs everybody time and money. Unfortunately, to date there has been no easy way to bench test an electric fuel pump. Pump pressure can be tested on a vehicle by connecting a fuel pressure gauge to the fuel rail service connection or the fuel rail supply line. Fuel volume can be measured by disconnecting the supply line to see how much fuel the pump can delivery in 30 seconds, or by measuring fuel flow with a special flow meter.
WHY GOOD PUMPS GO BAD
A fuel pump is engineered to last the life of a vehicle, but it often fails to go the distance because of other factors. Dirt or rust inside a fuel tank can ruin a pump very quickly (which is why the fuel tank should always be inspected and cleaned or replaced if any contaminants are found inside when replacing a fuel pump).
Many motorists also have a bad habit of driving around with a low fuel level in their tank (under 1/4 tank). This can shorten the life of the pump and cause it to fail prematurely because the pump relies on the fuel for cooling and lubrication. Fuel tanks have internal baffles that are supposed to minimize fuel sloshing. Even so, whipping around a sharp corner, or braking or accelerating hard can sometimes starve the pump for fuel. And when the pump sucks air, it suffers the consequences.
As a fuel pump ages and its brushes wear, the pump may pull more amps than normal thorough its power supply circuit. This may cause the pump wires to run hot and melt or short out! If the damaged wiring harness is not replaced when the pump is changed, the replacement pump may not work at all or may not spin fast enough to generate normal pressure.
The fuel pump is part of the fuel tank sending unit assembly. The pump can be replaced separately (which costs less but requires more work and increases the risk of misassembly), or it can be replaced as a complete assembly (much easier but costs more).
Note: Some replacement pumps may not look exactly the same as the original. The reason for this is that some aftermarket pump suppliers have replaced “old technology” pumps with newer “turbine” style pumps that are more efficient and reliable.
The fuel strainer sock on the fuel pump inlet inside the tank should always be replaced with a new one when changing a pump. Also, if the old fuel tank is rusty, it should be replaced to prevent a repeat pump failure. The fuel filter should also be replaced.The Ravens and Saints square off in what's a pretty critical out-of-conference meatchup that might have "Super Bowl Preview" written all over it. Or not.
Remember, the Ravens are struggling a lot in pass coverage these days. And the Saints don't get the cover of their dome, which clearly means they're terrified to play football. If you're Ray Lewis anyway.
"You talkin about a dome team," Lewis said in a video on the Baltimore Sun. "And that says enough about itself. And I think bad weather plays a part no matter who's out there playing.
"If it's windy, it's snowy, throwing bcomes a problem unless youre certain team that can play in any type of weather. I just think overall bringong a dome team out of their into a crazy, loud envirorment like Baltimore can play a factor."
Of course weather pays a factor. Thats why Monday night's game isn't even being played at the Metrodome -- weather train-wrecked that stadium.
And yeah, the Saints would definitely be willing to say "weather is a pain." It's ALWAYS a pain, regardless of where you're playing, unless you're a team that's used to conditions.
So, yeah, Saints will probably not like the windchill and "not balmy" nature of Baltimore. But it's not their first rodeo in a cold-weather stadium. And something tells me they'll adjust.
For more NFL news, rumors and analysis, follow @cbssportsnfl on Twitter and subscribe to our RSS Feed.If you believe there are incorrect tags, please send us this post using our feedback form.
Canon 6D $2,099
Started Sep 17, 2012 | Discussions thread
Canon EOS 6D
Reply to thread Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowNever Again
I was seventeen when she came. I’d been living with my abusive mother for seventeen long, painful years. It was around midnight, and my mother was already asleep, so when the three soft raps at the front door came it was me who answered. An odd looking little girl stood there, with cheeks pale and colorless, blonde hair in braided pigtails, pink dress torn a little at the hem, feet bare and turning slightly blue from the cold of winter, and black eyes. Fathomless, deep black eyes. I quickly let her in, thinking of how horridly underdressed she was. It wasn’t until later I’d wonder why she’d not been shivering, or even question as to why she was here in the first place. I got her into the living room, wrapping her little form in a thick afgan my grandmother knitted. She held it, though it didn’t seem to affect her, and I smiled.
“What’s your name, sweety?”
A long silence passed, in which she stared at me. I was beginning to be discomforted by her black gaze when she parted her lips and spoke in a soft voice.
“Lacy Morgan.”
I nodded, smiling again.
“You can stay here tonight, Lacy.” I said, motioning to the couch. She curled up in a little ball, black eyes still on me, and I exited the room. That night I slept soundly, not worrying about my mother beating me or the strange little girl on my couch.
When morning came and I trudged into the kitchen, I was greeted with a coffee mug to the shoulder. I gave a feeble shout of pain, staring at my mother.
“What the hell did you do? Why is there dirt on the couch?!” she shouted, confusing me greatly. Upon investigating, I found that Lacy had vanished, the only proof she’d been there being some dirt that must have fallen off her dress or feet. I took responsibility, earning myself a strong hit to my cheek, then left for school. While there I heard something that sent chills through my spine.
“Lacy Morgan was found dead last night.”
I passed the day waiting for anymore news on the subject, but found none. Upon arriving home, the news was broadcasting a live report on her though.
“Lacy Morgan, six years of age, was reported dead at seven last night. Her body was located in the backyard, buried there in her pink dress. So far there has been no sign of her mother, Marrisa Morgan, who is suspected to be the killer. Marrisa has reportedly abused Lacy multiple times, and may be responsible for her death.”
Suddenly, a picture of Lacy appeared on the screen. She appeared very close to how she had when I met her, blonde hair in braids, pink dress, pale face. Only, her cheeks had color… and her eyes were baby blue. To most this would seem unimportant, but to me it was. She’d died before arriving at my house, if what the news castor said was true. Died hours before. I tried to play it off, going about my buisness. I went to bed early so as not to have to see my mother. It was around midnight when I awoke to cool fingers stroking the bruise on my cheek. I sighed, leaning into the small hand.
“Never again.” Lacy whispered, before her hand vanished. Not ten minutes later I heard my mother screaming. I rushed into her bedroom, nearly fainting at what I saw.
My mom was thrashing wildly on her bed, a small creature having buried its face into her chest. I could hear the soung of flesh tearing, and my mother’s screaming increased in volume. I wished I hadn’t gotten up. Later on, I’d tell myself I hadn’t. But I had. So, when Lacy pull back from the gaping hole in my mother’s chest cavity, I had a plain view of her razor sharp teeth, glinting in the light. Glinting with my mother’s blood. She smiled innocently at me for a moment, before swiftly tearing out my mother’s jugular. That time I did faint. When I came to, I was in my bed. I walked to my mom’s room, morbid curiousity getting the best of me. Upon opening the door, I found the room empty. The bed made neatly, as if my mom had left for work early. The only oddities were the dirty childs footprints, and the open window, showing that Lacy had in fact visited. I never saw my mother again, and I never missed her either. I eventually got married, and we had a child together. I named her Lacy. Recently, I noticed the neighbors daughter has all sorts of scrapes and bruises on her arms. I’ve started watching their home. And the other day I saw something odd: a little girl running barefoot through their back yard up to their backdoor. It was around midnight, so I couldn’t be for sure, but I thought she met my eyes with her black ones. And I could swear she mouthed two words at me.
Never again.> Does com.some.packages.action.LoginActionBean have a public method
> getResult()? The test below effectively translates to:
>
> if (actionBean.getResult() != null) {
> // .... some stuff to do ....
> }
The problem is that there could be a class that has no property with
name result. In another case there could be another class (bean) that
has such property (than of course it works fine, but at first case
Tomcat throws exception).
--
Piotr Kiraga
---------------------------------------------------------------------
To start a new topic, e-mail: users@tomcat.apache.org
To unsubscribe, e-mail: users-unsubscribe@tomcat.apache.org
For additional commands, e-mail: users-help@tomcat.apache.orgYou may have heard her on the Martha Stewart radio show or read some of her advice in the New York Times, Barbara Pierson is a well-known gardening authority and she's headed to Louisville.
On Sept. 6, Pierson will be in town to speak at the Botanica Art & Garden Show being held from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Woman's Club of Louisville, 1320 S. Fourth St.
Besides speakers and demonstrations, this event also highlights local artists and their artwork, which will be for sale. If you go, expect to find botanicals in photography and paintings.
Tickets are $10 per person and available at the door. Your ticket provides entry into the event's demonstration, speakers and sale. Food and beverage will be available for purchase.
Botanica, Inc. is a Louisville non-profit organization that is working to create the Waterfront Botanical Gardens on a 23-acre site at Frankfort Avenue and River Road.
More information is available at waterfrontgardens.org.
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsThe market carnage in the financial sector over the last 18 months has now surpassed the similar destruction in the tech sector in the wake of the Internet bubble’s collapse.
The market capitalization of financial shares in the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index has declined by more than 83%, reducing their weighting in the index to less than 9%, compared with an 82% decline in market cap from the 2000 peak in technology to its trough in 2002, according to S&P.
At the financial sector’s peak on Oct. 9, 2007, financial stocks represented about 20% of the S&P 500 index, with a market capitalization of more than $2.77 trillion. By the end of Thursday’s action, the sector had a market cap of $518 billion, ranking it sixth among the S&P’s 10 industry sectors.
That the financial sector’s value could evaporate as quickly and as ruthlessly as the technology sector did demonstrates just how ephemeral the gains were, built on excessive leverage and business strategies that amount to little more than gambling.
In certain ways, the sectors cannot be compared. The meltdown in technology had a mild impact on the rest of the economy, and the ensuing recession following the peak in investment activity was a brief, relatively benign one.
But the two sectors are similar in that investors became overly enthusiastic about investments that were more complex than originally thought. And there will be companies identified with the bubble that work through their problems and eventually regain their previous highs — Cisco Systems stands out among those. “The survivors will probably do just fine, but it’s getting to the survivors that is the hard part,” says Bill Stone, chief investment strategist at PNC Wealth Management.
Anecdotal commentary suggests investors have reached a similar point as they did in the wake of the tech wreck, musing about buying shares of companies at $1, assuming that somehow, a stock that was once worth $90 must surely be worth more than $1. But it does not have to be worth more than that, and still may be worth less than that.
On the other hand, the technology sector was relatively debt-free — the previous few years saw a parade of initial public offerings enthusiastically snapped up by investors looking to provide cash to companies with little earnings. In the intervening years, as those companies went out of business, they merely ran down all of their cash.
By contrast, the financial sector’s arms are entwined in the entire economy, and many companies have large obligations that they are unable to pay. Because of their importance in the economy, the banking sector’s problems have contributed to a widespread economic slowing, one that adds to their troubles and those of their investors.
Reading off the Google Finance graph (not
accurate to the penny, but a decent proxy),
Cisco's bubble high was $77/share, and
since Jan 2002 it has never broken $35/share
(and has spent most of that time considerably
lower). And so, Cisco is not one of those tech
companies that has caught up to its bubble high.
Note Cisco doesn't pay a dividend, and so this
is true in a total-return sense also.
That said, this isn't Cisco's fault -- it's the fault
of the market for mis-pricing its stock during
the bubble.
Well, 518 billion would be about the 82% reduction in market cap from the 2.77 trillion noted. Maybe the 2.77 trillion is wrong, but my math isn't. And we are obviously talking about market cap, not the mark to market value of the underlying balance sheets.
it should be millions.
actually it should be negative, considering that many of these institutions are in negative equity and continue bleeding cash.
Freudian slip?? $515 Billion, not million?March Madness
Each day 1 lucky FB fan from the Winter Springs page will be selected to eat free (up to $10.00)
Each day 1 lucky FB fan from the Winter Springs page will be selected to eat free (up to $10.00)
Knight News recently wrote an article about us being a healthy food option for UCF students that won’t break the bank. We are happy to be mentioned since we pride ourselves in serving fresh food that won’t bust your budget or your waistline. Students come to B2 Cafe for our delicious breakfast and quick and easy lunches. Our egg sandwiches will keep you full through the afternoon and our wraps will keep you going for your late classes. Come in today and enjoy some of our healthy and affordable food.
Below is an excerpt from the article in Knight News. You can find the full article here.
As college students most of us are on a budget that does not allow us to eat out very often, and with Halloween only three weeks away many students have cut back on dining out and are trying to eat healthier instead. But let’s face it, we all deserve to treat ourselves and cheat on our budgets every now and then. So here are several healthy restaurant options in the UCF area that won’t break your wallet.
Feel like treating yourself to breakfast instead but still don’t want to spend too much money? Just head on over to B2 Café, also known as Bagel Bagel. This restaurant is located in the University Commons plaza, where you can find many different healthy options like breakfast wraps and egg sandwiches. Their deliciously fresh bagel melts are the most popular item off their menu. They have eight different types of bagel melts ranging from a turkey sausage melt to a bacon tomato melt.
We hope to see you soon at B2 Cafe! Check out our Facebook page and like us for great offers and specials.
B2 Cafe is in this month’s issue of Bogo Magazine, a local magazine with the scoop on buy one-get one deals in the area. You can find the magazine in over 300 Orlando-area businesses, or just jump over B2 Cafe’s Facebook page to get your hands on the coupons.
Bogo Magazine Cover, February 2012:
B2 Cafe Coupons (click here for printable size):
We have recently launched a new promotion at our B2 Cafe UCF location. Find the details below:
Wear your sorority or fraternity letters into the cafe and receive a menu item of equal lesser value for FREE when you buy any menu item and a drink.
Valid on Mondays only at B2 Cafe UCF.
January 26, 2012—Orlando, Fl.—Just in time for baseball season, B2Cafe recently sponsored UCF’s Baseball FanFest at Orlando’s University of Central Florida. The restaurants nearby UCF location hosted the popular event on January 18, 2012 where event goers could win prizes, meet the UCF baseball team and participate in family-fun activities at The Venue.
For just $5, baseball fans could purchase a B2 Café meal and gain entry to various giveaways and special prizes. Tickets were free to the public, doors opened at 6:15 pm and the event wrapped at approximately 7:30 pm.
After catching a glimpse of the newly remodeled stadium, fans were able to mingle with the 2012 baseball team while head coach, Terry Rooney, spoke before an excited crowd. Along with prizes, fans were eligible to participate in one of three raffles, a meet and greet and the opportunity to purchase season tickets as well as a membership to the prestigious Dugout Club.
B2Cafe enjoyed a successful partnership with FanFest and UCF Athletics and hopes to participate again next year.
The trendy eatery, B2 Café, is a well known spot amongst college students. A new concept in the restaurant industry, B2 Café offers daily specials and healthful options for those who prefer fresh fast food dining. “A place so nice we named it twice,” signature sandwiches like “The Wine and Cheese’ and “The Florida Club” are favorites amongst regular diners.
ABOUT B2CAFE: An easy place to dine in or out, B2 Café offers a variety of choices of quality foods at reasonable prices. Founded in 1991 in Tallahassee, foods on the diverse menu are always fresh, made to order and served with a smile. An eclectic collection of customer favorites, B2 Café serves sandwiches, salads, wraps, soups and breakfast all day long. B2 Café is happy to cater your next event. It’s “the place 2 B.”
It’s been a fun-filled, but busy week for all of us at B2 Cafe. In addition to sponsoring UCF Baseball’s FanFest last night, we are also celebrating our 3rd year at our UCF location, located at 4498 N Alafaya Trail in Orlando, FL. The past 3 years have been wonderful and we have truly enjoyed becoming involved in the community and becoming a sponsor of UCF’s athletic programs!
So, thank you to all of our customers, employees and friends who have not only made the past 3 years possible, but also incredibly fun and rewarding! We are looking forward to many more years in the UCF community!
With UCF’s baseball season right around the corner, B2 Cafe is thrilled to announce that we will be sponsoring Fan Fest inside The Venue this Wednesday, January 18, 2012. The event begins at 6:15pm, and is free to everyone. For $5, you can purchase a meal ticket, which gets you a B2 Cafe meal and entrance into various prize giveaways.
Fan Fest is an opportunity for fans to meet and greet the entire 2012 baseball team as well as Coach Rooney. There will be plenty of fun, food and prizes for everyone! Grab your family and stop by!
Games and events will include things like ”Guess Your Pitch” and “Whiffle Ball Home Run Derby,” where guests will be able to guess their fast pitch speed and earn ‘home runs’ based on their age.
The event will last until roughly 7:30pm, when fans can then head the UCF Arena to watch the men’s basketball team face off against the Memphis Tigers at 8pm.ACParadise Network: American Cosplay Paradise American Cosplay Experience American Cosplay Snapshots
Cosplayer Shamsel > Costume of Rider from Fate/Stay Night
- Most Recent Photo
- 06-05-2012
- Series
- Fate/Stay Night
- Character
- Rider
- Year Completed:
- N/A
- Construction Difficulty:
- Normal
- Costume worn at:
- Anime Expo 2010
Add a Comment
Photos
Sorry, you must be a registered user of and logged in to view and add comments. Either log in or register now!Discussion in 'Dancers Anonymous' started by cornutt, Jan 23, 2008.
Lesson learned...go to the bathroom BEFORE you have to hold up 10kg of ballroom dress.
Il Papa already has his Twitter feed up and humming: @pontifex
and long life to him
It's snowing. Again.
C'mon, it's almost April. Where is spring????
I get one "drag me down for a week, then miserable for two more weeks" cold per year, at the beginning or end of the season where I have an activity crash that drains me.
This year, this is my third cold. WTMFF. I mean, they're reasonably "high-functioning" colds, but still. Ick.
Ask that stupid groundhog.
Are there no follows in this bloody town who dance am-am Standard?
<snarl, growl, bay at the moon>
Pssst come move to adelaide I need me a leader.
Whine: want to start doing some dance photos while I don't have a partner, but lenses are expensive. Really don't want to buy a lens that costs 4 times as much as my camera did.
I've been working with a tiny-ish lens (ie 35-80mm) for the most part for my project, mostly because light is the issue and this lens is faster than most of my other zoom lenses that my parents have gotten for me or have handed down to me. However, in the US there are places that rent out lenses for a small fee. You can see if you really need the lens you want (I'm guessing a telephoto as those are the ones that are hugely expensive) or not. IDK if they have something like that in AU.
Or look for used equipment. I don't know if B&H services you, but they have a great used market and a really good reputation, where you can use a lightly used lens for much less than what new ones retail for.
um...if you are of a compatible age and skill level and live close enough, there could be
F is 48, lives in NW Indiana and dances full silver to closed intermediate gold and is between five ft six and five ft 7....with what I consider to be pretty respectable credentials
Glowing references also available
aw...you sweetie
sigh, bought what looked like a full fringe dress from Shall We Dance designs, turns out it was missing two rows of fringe in the middle. It was on clearance so they're saying it's a final sale.
maybe stone that area as if it is a belt?
Or add an actual belt if it is for syllabus
Wish you lived closer, sigh.
Austin, Texas - lots of us here!
I've been out of serious photography for a while, but back in the days when I was slinging a 35mm, the rule of thumb was that third-party lenses cost about half of OEM lenses of similar quality. For Minolta A-mount, which was what I used, Sigma was the third-party manufacturer. I had two of their zooms, a 35-70 and a 75-210, and those did the bulk of my shooting. I had a Minolta 50mm for low-light situations and a Minolta 28mm fisheye (which I later sold; I didn't find much use for it).
Separate names with a comma.Happy Anniversary: Jackie Robinson's Hall of Fame induction
It's July 23. And on July 23, 1962, Jackie Robinson became the first black player enshrined into the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, New York.
Here's the official Hall of Fame video biography:
Via the official Baseball Hall of Fame website, here is the full text of Robinson's induction speech: up on me here could not have happened without the great work and the advice and guidance that I've had from three of the most wonderful people that I know. And if either sitting down, to you know that I appreciate it so much. Thank you.
Robinson hit .311/.409/.474 with his career with 137 homers and 197 steals in 10 big-league seasons. He won a Rookie of the Year and an MVP. And on this date in 1962, he was honored to be inducted into the Hall of Fame.
Clipboard
As the Voice went to press on Friday (early for the holiday weekend), there was some confusion in the media about whether Georgia president Eduard Shevardnadze blamed Russiaand its desires for an oil pipeline to the Caspian Seafor the attempt on his life last week. Nearly every major paper in the world--but not The New York Times--reported last week that Shevardnadze made this claim. Later in the week, however, international wire services said he denied ever saying it. More next week....Never thought I'd find myself praising an advertiser-owned magazine, but the January/February issue of Benetton's Colors--devoted entirely to the topic of death--is nothing short of fascinating.
Research: Kaelen Wilson-Goldie
Sponsor ContentDiscomfort Questions
0 Answers
2 Views
284
-
16 Views
11)
1 Answers
5 Views
1_2<<)
Popular Questions
- Fun article about fermented foods in the Arctic circle
0 Answers
- Who wants to do Whole30 with me?
1 Answer
- Paleo and Body Type Theory?
0 Answers[Previous] | [Session 12] | [Next]
R.J. Cody, J.K. Parker, W.A. Payne, L.J. Stief (NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center)
Cyanoacetylene (HC3N) is one of the few nitrile compounds observed in the atmosphere of Titan by Voyager and from the ground. The three body reaction H + HC3N + M arrow products (1) constitutes one of the important loss processes for cyanoacetylene in the photochemical models of the Titan atmosphere; e.g. the 1984 model of Yung, Allen and Pinto and the 1995 model of Toublanc et al. The models calculate a mixing ratio for HC3N that differs considerably from that derived from the observations. The rate constant for Reaction 1 has never been measured. The models use a value equal to that for the reaction H + C2H2 + M. We have measured the rate constant for Reaction 1 at T = 298 K, 250 K, and 200 K with helium as the bath gas at a pressure of 1 Torr; additionally, measurements of k1 were made at T = 298 K with P = 0.5 and 2.0 Torr. temperature and pressure, first order rate constants (kobs) were measured for a range of [H] ~ 1 - 13 x 1013 molecule cm-3. The bimolecular rate constants (k1) were derived from the slopes of the plots of kobs versus [H]. Within our experimental uncertainty, we did not see a pressure dependence of the bimolecular rate constant for the limited pressure range of 0.5 - 2 Torr at T = 298K. This indicates that the rate constant has reached its high-pressure limit by 1 Torr for T \leq 298 K. The results are k1(298K) = 2.1x10--13, k1(250K) = 1.5x10--13 and k1(200K) = 0.93x10--13, all in units of cm3 molecule-1 s-1. These rate constants can be fit by the Arrhenius expression k1 = 1.1x10-12exp(-500/T) cm3 molecule-1 s-1. These measured rate constants are about a factor of 50 faster than those estimated by analogy with the H + C2H2 reaction and have a much weaker temperature dependence. Theoretical calculations of the rate constant were performed to understand the temperature dependence of Reaction 1. These results could render Reaction 1 a more important loss process in Titan's atmosphere than previously estimated.
The Planetary Atmospheres Program of NASA Headquarters supported this research.
[Previous] | [Session 12] | [Next]
Bulletin of the American Astronomical Society, 35 #4
© 2003. The American Astronomical Soceity... Screening details >>
Radiology and imaging services include the following procedures. Click the links for more patient information and instructions.
The Imaging Center is owned by Community Howard Regional Health. It is at a convenient off-site location at 2201 W. Boulevard in Kokomo. The Imaging Center has scanned over 65,000 patients since opening the doors in 1993. Our services include MRI, breast MRI, 16-slice CT, PET/CT, X-ray, bone density and fluoroscopy. Our board-certified technologists and radiologists will read your MRI scans. >>Motorists urged to be cautious as authorities see link between North Mississippi highway slayings
Mississippi authorities believe two people killed in separate shootings along roadways last week may have been pulled over by someone impersonating a police officer, prompting North Mississippi law enforcement agencies today to urge motorists to be cautious during traffic stops.
."
The first incident occurred May 8 when Thomas K. Schlender, 74, of Raymond, Neb., was found shortly after 1:30 a.m. in his car in the median of southbound Interstate 55 near the Pope, Miss., exit in Panola County. He had been shot several times.
On May 11, the second shooting occurred when Lori Anne Carswell, 47, of Hernando was found in her car on the shoulder of Miss. 713 near Interstate 69 about 2:15 a.m. in Tunica County. Carswell, who worked at Fitzgerald's Casino, was on her way home from work when the shooting occurred.
The shootings have sparked concern among law enforcement throughout the state, but particularly in the North Mississippi counties.
At 4 p.m. today, law enforcement from throughout North Mississippi will hold a press conference on the steps of the DeSoto County courthouse to discuss the safety of residents.
DeSoto County Distirct Attorney John Champion will join several sheriff's from throughout the area to discuss the traffic stops and safety tips for residents.
DeSoto and Tate County authorities issued alerts today, warning residents to be careful if stopped by a car with flashing lights.
"We just want to make sure the public is aware and safe," said Dick Hackett, a spokesman for DeSoto County Sheriff Bill Rasco.
The Tate County Sheriff's Department warned residents on its Facebook page that someone was impersonating a police officer.
"We are letting the public know to be careful and be safe if they get pulled over, and to let them know that they can call 911 to verify a deputy if they feel uncomfortable," Tate County Chief Deputy Victor Byrd said.
Motorists can also call *47 on cell phones, authorities said.
A reward is being offered for any information in the case. Anyone with information can call (888) 827-4637.
Need Help? Call us at 1-888-789-0831.
Monday-Friday: 6am-5pm / Saturday: 6:30am-11:30am / Sunday: 6am-1pmMITEI hosts the Tata Center for Technology and Design. Founded in 2012 with support from the Tata Trusts, the Center’s research and education mission is to develop solutions to challenges facing resource-constrained communities globally, with an initial focus on India.
Center-affiliated Faculty and graduate student Tata Fellows engage in hands-on projects, with an approach that is rigorous and relevant to societal, economic, environmental and political factors. The Center is is proud to partner with its sister Tata Centre, founded in 2014 at the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay.Unlock LG Xpression C395
The LG Xpression C395 was released in April 2012. The phone comes with 50 MB of built in storage space (as well as an external microSD card slot that can be expanded up to 32 Gigabytes), 3.0 inch TFT touchscreen with 256K colors, 2 Mp autofocus camera, video, Bluetooth v2.1, Gps navigation, a full QWERTY keyboard, and more. Xpression C395:
There are a few unlocking methods for the LG Xpression C395.#*395#
3. if the phone displays third unlocking method if everything above has failed.
1. Go to the dial screen and dial *#865625# as if making a call, and enter the code when prompted
2. Device should say something like: “Network unlock successful”. Your phone is now permanently unlocked
Need more help? For support, instructions, and unlock codes, visitGB a.m.: Snow in April? A new school arts program, plus the prep hockey player of the year
Will we get a wintry mix this morning? An inside look at the new veterans clinic. Webster Elementary School is creating a new arts curriculum. A high school junior with 57 points during the seasonAnyone who has ever personally fought or witnessed someone with a chronic disease knows that battle's not just hard for the person who is sick. It can be equally challenging in a different way for those closest to them. Now research seems to be catching up with that idea, finding recently that men who take care of a wife with breast cancer, even years after diagnosis and end of treatment, could have a weakened immune response.
Researchers at Ohio State University noted that men who reported the highest levels of stress in relation to their wives' cancer were at the highest risk for physical symptoms and weaker immune systems ... Eek!
Apparently, the higher a man's perceived stress in relation to their wives' cancer, the more likely he would have compromised immune function -- leading to symptoms like headaches, gastrointestinal problems, coughing, and nausea. Men with wives who had recurrent cancer reported as many as nine symptoms, on average. However, if their wives were disease-free, they had fewer than five symptoms.
Really makes you stop and think about how not just stress but our perception of stress affects us mentally and physically. It's also refreshing that this study sheds light on the wellness of those around someone battling cancer.
Sharla Wells-Di Gregorio, Ph.D., lead author of the study, explains:.
Clearly, caregivers are affected in a big way by their loved one's disease. With hope, this research could open the door for health care practitioners to take caregivers' well-being into consideration more often.
How do you feel about this study? Have you ever seen a caregiver suffer from the effects of stress?The 1-, 2- and 3-bedroom apartment homes at Egret Pointe are packed with the best features for everyday living, like a fully-equipped kitchen, abundant closet and storage space, in-unit washer & dryer connections, and a thoughtfully-planned, energy efficient design. With so much to do and every convenience you need, youÃ¢ï¿½ï¿½ll love coming home everyday to Egret Pointe.Linotype gets heavy over free ATM font downloads
That'll be DM30k please...
German company Linotype Library GmbH is flexing its ATM font copyright muscles via 'cease and desist' letters with potential $30,000 legal tabs attached. The fonts in question do seem to be owned by Linotype (or to be strictly accurate, its parent company Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG), but are probably part of a batch that accidentally wandered into the shareware sector in the early 90s.
The fonts are frequently found for download on OS/2 sites, and have tended to propagate via mirrors, with the assumption that they're shareware propagating along with them. This was the case for Ian Manners, who runs, and who contacted The Register after receiving his letter from Linotype.
The letter names the fonts, demands they be removed from the site immediately (Ian has done this), and that a written undertaking be sent to Linotype saying that he will "cease and desist from offering, selling and distributing" them. Ian however bridles at the last paragraph of the pre-prepared form Linotype has helpfully sent him:
"For any case of future violation, we herewith commit ourselves to pay to Linotype Library GmbH, Du-Pont-Str. 1, D-61352 Bad Homburg/Germany a penalty of DM 30,000.-- (Thirtythousand German Marks), plus 16 % VAT."
The "cease and desist" letter itself further complicates matters.
"Should you, however, fail to cede this undertaking you must expect our Australian lawyers [Ian is in Australia] to get in touch with you in order to legally enforce this statement. All expenses arising from this procedure will be for your account.
"At this stage we resist from charging you with expenses arising from indemnification, which are normally asserted by our company. However, we reserve the right to claim the costs involved in all legal proceedings against you. These costs come up to US $30,000. We ask you to send us a signed and valid crossed-check to settle this issue."
From this little lot it's not entirely clear whether committing to the DM30,000 if you sin again will be enough, whether Linotype is already claiming costs of $30,000, and what they mean by send us a cheque. And while it might seem easy enough to make the DM30,000 commitment, in reality it's perfectly possible to host copyright material in good faith without knowing you're infringing, so by doing so small enthusiast sites could be laying themselves open to massive bills they couldn't possibly pay.
What does seem clear is thatLintype is making heavy legal noises in order to clear the fonts off download sites. And strangely enough, the fonts themselves (Cascade, Flora, Frutiger, Helvetica, Isadora, Linotext, Linoscript, Optima, Palatino, Peignot, Present, Shelley and Univers), are currently on sale at Linotype Library's site.
The fonts Ian was hosting complicate matters further, in that internally they have an Adobe copyright stamp in them. Adobe itself sells the fonts in question, and labels them as Linotype's trademark on its site. It seems fairly clear that the fonts are Linotype's property, and that even people offering cloned versions under the same names are going to be vulnerable to legal threats. From the Linotype letter, however, it doesn't seem to be the case that they're universally trademarked throughout the world, which could make actual legal action complicated.
Ian is currently awaiting their next move (the stated deadline is this Thursday). "They're heavy handed, against a little known website, when there are so many other sites hosting these fonts," he told The Register, and it's "not very diplomatic for a first contact." The Register is asking around to see if there's anybody else who's had a heavy letter - let us know if you have. ®
Sponsored: Transform Your IT InfrastructureDajani joins Carnival, which is part of NBCUniversal Intl. Television Production, from Raleigh Studios in Los Angeles, where she was exec VP. Before Raleigh, Dajani was VP of international physical production and production finance at Walt Disney Pictures in L.A., head of production at Aramid Capital in London, and general manager of Village Roadshow Production Management in Sydney.
In the role, Dajani will be responsible for overseeing all of the company's productions across its U.K. and international businesses.
As development producers, Cook and Temple will be responsible for the origination, development and sale of Carnival's upcoming U.K. and international slates.
Cook previously co-produced the first two series of "Call the Midwife," having developed the show whilst head of development at Sam Mendes' Neal Street Productions, where she executive produced "Stuart: A Life Backwards," and worked across feature films such as "Things We Lost in the Fire," "Starter for Ten" and "Road to Perdition." Recently Cook has been developing a number of projects as an independent producer, including "Lawless" with ShondaLand/ABC.
Cook and Temple will report to Gareth Neame, managing director/executive producer, and will be supported by Claire Daxter, development editor.
Founded in 1978, Carnival has produced over 500 hours of drama, such as "Downton Abbey," "Dracula," starring Jonathan Rhys Meyers, co-production "The Hollow Crown," David Nicholls' "The 7:39," David Hare's "Worricker Trilogy," William Boyd's "Any Human Heart," Helena Bonham Carter starrer "Enid" as well as miniseries "Traffik" and long-running favorites "Poirot" and "Rosemary & Thyme."
"Downton Abbey" has won two Golden Globes and 10 Primetime Emmy awards, and is the most nominated non-U.S. show in the history of the Emmys with 51 nominations.
Carnival recently announced that it is teaming with BBC America on new series "The Last Kingdom" for the BBC, as well as "Nostradamus," which it will produce with Joseph Fiennes and Anonymous Content.
Carnival's drama "The Lost Honor of Christopher Jefferies" is set to air on U.K. commercial network ITV later this year. Based on the true story of a retired schoolmaster wrongly suspected of murder, the screenplay was penned by Peter Morgan, Oscar nominated for "Frost/Nixon" and "The Queen." Jefferies will be played by Jason Watkins ("Being Human," "Psychoville," "Little Dorrit").
Related storiesScarily beautiful: Marion Cotillard is gothic goddess in new photo shoot
She is possessed of an otherworldly, almost sepulchral, beauty but never before has any shoot captured Marion Cotillard so perfectly as this one.
The French actress appears on the cover of the Wall Street Journal magazine's July/August issue and she looks stunning.
With her alabaster skin highlighted to look almost bloodless, the 36-year-old looks like a creature from a fairy tale... or a ghost story.
Scroll down to watch Dark Knight trailer...
Otherworldly: Marion Cotillard looks incredible on the July/August issue of WSJ magazine
Her lips are rouged in the darkest blood red, with her Cupid's bow emphasised wildly.
And while she's dressed in the most exquisite black lace dress with a diaphanous sexy back, the insouciance of her pose undercuts the scene brilliantly.
Inside await more treats, with Cotillard posing in shades of just black and vamp with that same vampy lipstick and a different fierce pose in each, save for a black and white shot featuring a smile.
The shoot comes ahead of the release of Cotillard's new movie, The Dark Knight Rises, which is released on July 20.
The lady is a vamp: Marion looks incredible in the red and black shoot
She insists that she just plays Wayne
Enterprises employee Miranda Tate but it's suspected that she's Talia
Al Ghul, Batman's love interest and the mother of his only child.
Certainly the publicity she's doing for the film would suggest a more significant role.
Cotillard has also been filming scenes in New York for their forthcoming movie Blood Ties with Clive Owen.
The movie, which will be released next year, centres on Owen's character - a convict.
Leading lady: While Cotillard insists she plays just a small role in The Dark Knight Rises, it's suspected she is actually Talia - the love if Batman's life
C'est chic: It might a cliche to say this about a French woman but Cotillard is so elegant it's almost painful
Just last month, a series of images showed Owen and his co-star Mila Kunis on set, along with James Caan.
In the 1970s family crime drama, Owen plays an auto repair shop owner, and an ex-convict, who is asked to go back into the criminal underworld to help his family.
The film - co-starring Mila Kunis and Zoe Saldana - centres around two brothers, on either side of the law, who face off over organised crime in Brooklyn.
The crime thriller is directed by Guillaume Canet, Cotillard's long-term partner and father of her one-year-old son Marcel.
Natural: Cotillard is a stunning beauty even when she's not posing
The working mother has been spotted bringing her young son on to the movie set in Brooklyn and tending to him between takes.
The couple first met on the set of the 2003 film Love Me If You Dare and started dating about four years later.
Canet is a successful actor in Fance and is also an accomplished director. He was previously married to German-born actress Diane Kruger for five<<5 Easy, Fun Ways to Celebrate the Summer Solstice
Happy summer solstice! To honor the longest day of the year, we’ve gathered some creative ideas to make your summer solstice special. Fun, easy ways to celebrate – for you and the entire family.
The word “solstice” is derived from the Latin words sol (sun) and sistere (to stand still). We invite you to embrace the stillness, warmth, and power of the sun.
1. Do Sun Salutations
Practicing sun salutations on the solstice will open your heart.
A sun salutation is a fundamental yoga practice. It’s a sequence that flows from one asana (or pose) to another, warming up the body and cooling the mind. A traditional solstice practice consists of 108 salutations, but you can do as many as feels good to you. If you can practice your salutations outside, under the sun, all the better!
>> For detailed instructions on sun salutations, check out Ashtanga Yoga by John. C. Scott.
2. Plant Sunflowers
Planting on the solstice will remind you how essential the sun is for growth.
Sunflowers are hardy, bright, and easy to grow. It’s fun to watch their yellow faces move throughout the day, following the rays of the sun. Starting seeds indoors is a great project for kids, too. Cut a milk carton in half, add some potting soil, plant your seeds, and in one week, you’ll have seedlings ready to plant in the yard or grow in your windowsill.
>> For information on turning your back (or front or side) yard into a garden, check out Small-Plot, High-Yield Gardening by Sal Gilbertie.
3. Make a Sun Print
Creating sun prints invites you to capture beautiful images using the power of the sun.
Sun prints are beautiful and easy to make. You can purchase sun sensitive paper at most craft stores. Then find a sunny spot, set out the paper, and place flowers from the garden or sacred objects from your home on the paper. That’s it! The sun will do all the rest, and you’ll have a one-of-a-kind print to frame or give as a gift.
>> For more on harnessing the power of the sun (and other fun projects), check out Print Workshop by Christine Schmidt.
4. Brew Sun Tea
Brewing sun tea gives you the taste of summer in a glass.
Celebrate the longest day of the year with a tall, cool glass of tea brewed in the sun. It’s simple. Choose your favorite tea, put several tea bags in a large pitcher, set in the sun for two hours, then add ice and pour! The secret is to make it a little stronger than you usually would, so when the ice melts you have a perfect glass of tea.
>> Love tea? Check out Tea Party by Tracy Stern and Christie Matheson.
5. Practice Sun Meditation
Practicing sun meditation honors the sun and quiets your mind.
For thousands of years, people all around the world worshiped the sun. Take part in this shared human ritual with sun meditation on the summer solstice. Just before sunrise or just before sunset (or both!), find a quiet, comfortable spot to sit. Face the sun. Close your eyes. Breathe. Feel the sun on your skin. Follow your breath. Inhale the warmth of the sun. Exhale gratitude.
>> For more on meditation, check out The Tibetan Book of Meditation by Lama Christe McNally.Thursday, July 3
VCDMNY is the DJ project of two English electro-pop veterans, Vince Clarke and Daniel Miller. As a founding member of Depeche Mode, Clarke wrote their breakthrough hit “Just Can’t Get Enough” in 1981, before departing shortly after to create synth-pop duo Yaz (Yazoo in the UK) with singer Alison Moyet. Next with singer Andy Bell, he created Erasure, scoring 24 consecutive Top 40 hits in the U.K. between 1986 to 2007. Daniel Miller formed his post-punk persona The Normal in 1978, scoring a surprise UK hit with “Warm Leatherette,” then moving behind the scenes, establishing the influential U.K. record label Mute. From 8:30 p.m, with Alex English at the Music Hall of Williamsburg, 66 N. 6th St., Williamsburg. $25.
Friday, July 4
Brooklyn-born DJ Danny Tenaglia’s first gigs were in early '80s New York City roller discos. Over the years he’s remixed Madonna, Janet Jackson and Grace Jones, and plays an extended length set tonight at Output from 10 p.m., 74 Wythe Ave., Williamsburg. $20/$30.
Saturday, July 5
Florida band Hundred Waters combines otherworldly vocals and experimental industrial textures. Recently signed to Skrillex’s OWSLA label, their most recent album, “The Moon Rang Like A Bell,” is a restrained collection of cavernous down-tempo pop. They'll perform with the ecstatic, techno-influenced pop outfit Mas Ysa, the project of Woodstock-based Thomas Arsenault. At Glasslands, 289 Kent Ave., Williamsburg. $14
Sunday, July 6
James "Mr. Superharp" Cotton has shared the stage with B.B. King, Howlin' Wolf and Muddy Waters since he left the cotton fields of Mississippi in the early 1950s to play with his hero Sonny Boy Williamson II. He wraps up a run of sizzling blues shows at The Jazz Standard with two sets tonight, 7:30 and 9:30 p.m. 116 E. 27th St., Midtown. $35
Monday, July 7
Utah’s Neon Trees create relentlessly catchy dance pop. They broke through in 2010 with the top 20 track “Animal” and scored their first top 10 single with “Everybody Talks.” Their current album, “Pop Psychology,” is the cathartic product of lead singer Tyler Glenn’s therapy sessions. They'll perform with the Smallpools, Nightmare and the Cat on the Summerstage at Central Park. 69th Street at Fifth Avenue entrance, Rumsey Playfield, $47.
Tuesday, July 8
Eclectic Chicago-based multi-instrumentalist Andrew Bird teams up with visual artist-turned-musician Luke Temple for a free show at Central Park’s SummerStage this evening. First in, first seated. 69th Street at Fifth Avenue entrance, Rumsey Field, Central Park, from 7 p.m.
Wednesday, July 9
Frank Zappa’s son Dweezil hits Brooklyn Bowl tonight with a bunch of virtuoso musicians for a performance of his Zappa Plays Zappa project — playing a long, ambitious set of Frank Zappa favorites and obscure gems. Dweezil Zappa formed Zappa Plays Zappa in 2006, winning a Grammy the following year for Best Instrumental Performance for his version of the Frank Zappa classic “Peaches En Regalia.” 61 Wythe St., Williamsburg. $30.:
AM/FM radio (Frost White and Red)
In Stock
$179.99
AM/FM radio (Frost White and Yellow)
Low Stock
$179.99
AM/FM radio (Black/silver)
In Stock
$149.99
AM/FM radio (Walnut/beige)
In Stock
$149.99
Portable AM/FM radio with Bluetooth® audio streaming (Blue/White)
Out of Stock
Ship date unknown Reserve yours today
$299.99
Portable AM/FM radio with Bluetooth® audio streaming (Red/White)
Out of Stock
Ship date unknown Reserve yours today
$299.99
AM/FM radio with Bluetooth® audio streaming (White/Silver)
In Stock
$259.99Managing Your Dermatology Practice
How to Run Effective Office Meetings
“What do you discuss at office meetings?” a colleague wrote me recently. “We used to hold them monthly, and I never thought we accomplished anything. So now we don't bother anymore.”
It's a comment I hear fairly often. Doctors and employees alike frequently dread staff meetings. Four common complaints about them are: Too much time is spent dwelling on trivia with no time left to address important problems; any important issues that do get covered are seldom if ever resolved; no one acts on any constructive suggestions made; and all too often they degenerate into petty gripe sessions. The problem, though, is not with meetings themselves, but with improper (or complete lack of) planning. Avoiding meetings is not the answer; structuring them effectively is.
First, call meetings only when necessary. No rule says you must have one every month if there are no issues worth meeting about, or that you must wait until the next month if an urgent problem arises. My office manager keeps a list of “meeting topics” contributed by everyone in the office. When she accumulates enough to warrant a meeting (from three to six, depending on their complexity), she calls one.
She then prepares an agenda, ranking the topics of discussion in order of importance, and determines whether the meeting will require attendance by the entire staff or certain subgroups only. I am a firm believer in including at least one “positive” item in every agenda. Most meetings are grim affairs that deal exclusively with problems needing fixing, and that contributes significantly to the hatred most people have for them. Positive items may include recognition of specific professional or personal achievements, displays of photos of new babies or pets, examples of positive patient feedback, etc.
The agenda should be typed and distributed in advance of the meeting to all staff members who will be expected to attend it, to allow them time to prepare questions, comments, and suggestions.
Put the phones on service. Order in lunch if the meeting is at lunchtime, refreshments if not. Start on time. Waiting for latecomers penalizes those who have been courteous enough to be prompt. Stay on time and end on time.
- Links:
Search 1,000s of Physician jobs and apply in one click!
Create a candidate profile – make the best jobs and recruiters come to you!1.
Sky River Helicopters
2 Reviews
(908) 809-5942
Saint Davids, PA | Map
Welcome to Sky River Helicopters, located at Sky Manor Airport in scenic Pittstown, NJ. We offe...
2.
Monarch Sports
Be the First to Review!
(602) 321-1369
Marc A. Beasley from Mesa, Arizona with Monarch Sports Arizona, LLC operates a professional event...> On Fri, Apr 18, 2008 at 3:09 PM, Mart Raudsepp > <mart.raudsepp at artecdesign.ee> wrote: > >>. >> > > I would feel much more comfortable having something that does not > require cracking the case open. how do we do that? I think etherboot > more and more is the answer. Even though I don't really like it. I've been also able to get the dongle working with just having the small left side of the ThinCan removed, but I don't deal with boards that are in cases not that often either. The LPC connection is on the very side, so the cable fits in there with some twisting, but that's probably more risky than having a bare mainboard, unless you have a header soldered on the LPC connection, in which case I'm not sure if the ribbon cable can be attached without removing the top of the case. Btw, if the top part of the case is removed, you just need to pay attention to the bottom - the front side supporting the front side of the board is gone then and could shortcircuit things from the bottom, so need a paper between the case and board or something like that if don't want to remove the whole case. Without the dongle, you obviously need a way to flash the onboard ROM (which could wear out with lots of work), and flashrom since rev3110 or so should work great for that. So whatever means you can do to get into a Linux system that just has msr/mem support and flashrom, be it over etherboot, included in the dongle in 4MB memory mode (v3 got a patch committed recently to enable that), residing in the NAND flash, or whatever else can be conceived and booted with whatever onboard ROM is burnt in before reflashing :) Regards, Mart Raudsepp Artec Design LLCTaulov Vacations
Many of Vejle’s attractions are located near to Taulov, so it is a great place to base yourself while you are in town. Two of the places not to miss are the fascinating Birkemose Golf Club and the remarkable Trapholt Museum. Two other great attractions you’ll find within a short distance of Taulov are the Fredericia Golf Club and Madsby Legepark.
There are some interesting museums, exhibits and venues in and around Taulov. Spend a quiet afternoon admiring the exhibits at the Fredericia Town Museum in Fredericia.
There are a number of natural gifts here as well, so don’t miss the chance to get outdoors. Stretch your legs and head to one of the local beaches, such as Fredericia Beach in Fredericia.
To work on your swing head for the greens at the Kolding Golf Club in Kolding and Golfklubben Lillebaelt in Middelfart.
Sports fanatics should head to nearby Vejle Stadium to see the Vejle Boldklub playing visiting rivals. If you want to endear yourself with the locals, wear red and white, the colors of the Vejle Boldklub.
Finding somewhere convenient to rest your head in the Taulov area is easy. If you’re looking for a warm welcome and a good nights sleep check out the amenities at the Hotel Saxildhus, Kolding, the Hotel Koldingfjord, and the Best Western Kryb I Ly, Fredericia.VINCYCLOPEDIA
BRETTANOMYCES (Dekkera)
Brettanomyces
or Dekkera is any one of nine different species of naturally-occurring
yeast (including B. intermidious, B. lambicus, B. bruxellensis, D.
bruxulensis, etc.) that can impart distinct sensory character to
wine. Europeans refer to this fairly common phenomenon as Dekkera.
Some wine
drinkers consider its presence a flaw, while some consider it an enhancement,
depending upon the severity or concentration, as well as the sensory experience
and preferences of the taster. It is quite a controversial phenomenon
and the mere mention of "Brett" can bring lively and impassioned
discussion to gatherings of wine drinkers.
Contributing
to the controversy is Brett's potential for complexity. In very low concentrations
it may be difficult to identify and can add aromatic notes that can be
savory, smoky, or spicy. An increased level can be very unpleasant, even
noxious and overpower any sense of freshness or fruitiness. This unpleasantness
may be variously described as smelling like antiseptic, Band-Aid, rodent
cage, sweaty horse, wet dog, rancid, or such. Four separate byproducts
(esterases, tetrahydropyradines, volatile fatty acids, and
volatile phenols) contribute to these aromas. Character and intensity
may depend upon the relative concentration and mix of these compounds.
Brettanomyces
can populate many winery sources, especially hard-to-clean areas, such
as cooperage, must lines, and hoses. A favorite environment is oak barrels,
especially if filled with wine that has high pH (3.6+) but low free sulfur
levels and that contains trace amounts of residual sugar and where the
barrels are stored in relatively warm conditions (above 68° F). High
levels of ripeness and sugar content, combined with "minimalist"
winemaking techniques may be factors contributing to a seeming rise in
Brett levels in California wines.
Although
old barrels are almost mythologically blamed, there are indications that
new barrels are much more susceptible to Brett infection. Barrel age and
hygiene, however, seem to be less essential to preventing Brett than more
interventionist winemaking procedures, such as sterile filtering. Targeted
use of sulfur (large additions at well-timed intervals) and diligent temperature
control, along with conscientious equipment cleaning can prevent Brett
from becoming established.
Because it
favors an environment low in carbon dioxide and high in oxygen, wine stored
in barrels following fermentation is the most susceptible, especially
if the environment is warmed to promote malolactic fermentation. Brett
character is almost exclusively found in red wines, since acids necessary
to form some of the indicative aromas are exclusively extracted from grape
skins. Certain grape varieties (Mourvédre) have naturally higher
concentrations of these precursor acids.
Although
it is slow-growing and easily dominated by other yeast species, once it
takes hold, Brettanomyces can be very difficult to control. Brett often
infects wineries insidiously, living in empty used barrels and infecting
other barrels during racking or topping operations, gradually colonizing
the entire winery and growing in flavor influence from imperceptible to
dominant.
Some famous
and expensive wines have such predominant Brett aroma that this has become
almost a trademark of house style, a trait of brand recognition. "If
you can't beat 'em, join 'em" may be the unspoken justification for
defenders of Brett character in these wines. However, it is misleading
to attribute these aromas to be indicative of either vineyard or terroir.
On the Wine Anorak, Jaime Goode has discussions
with several winemakers on the causes, effects, and impact of Brettanomyces.how many cups of coffee??
Posted by + Show Post
Poll Results
Question: how many do you drink a day??
none
29%
1-2
37%
3-4
3%
cant live w/o coffee!!!!!
29%
Total Votes: 27
Poll
Question: how many do you drink a day??
Total Votes: 27
by
Replies (11-14):
by
When I was pregnant, I had two small cups a day--I read that 300 milligrams of caffeine is okay. I'm following that same rule while breastfeeding, and Leila doesn't seem affected by my caffeine intake at all--whew! It is not something I'd want to give up!
It depends on how tired I am. Some days I get by with one but usually I have at least 2 cups, sometimes as many as 4 or 5 though I try not to have that much because I get anxious and can't sleep at night.
~Nicole~
~Nicole~
Mom to Brandon, 19 mos.
Proud Navy Wife
Join my group! Tootin' Moms
by
I've got it bad. I set it to be ready and waiting when I wake. I drink 2 cups while I get ready and then put the rest in a thermos and travel cup. That's emptied while I drive my 30 minute commute. If Starbucks is open on my 1st break, I'm there, but if it's not I fill my cup again. I always finish the whole pot before I leave work for the day! I also make more if I want to stay up past the kids! lol
ps I am up between 3-4am every day....
ps I am up between 3-4am every day....
Add your quick reply below:
You must be a member to reply to this post.
on Feb. 24, 2008 at 9:49 AM
- crltkThis..)’sin pointing at a pipe.)
After running this command and checking the maximum resident set size, as well as the number of voluntary and involuntary context switches, we can start to see a couple very important things. default!.]]>!
WARNING: Past this point, you’ll find only gory technical details of how forever.fm was made.
Forever is powered by a large number of technologies, some of which I stole from my previous music hack, the Wub Machine: a.
This final version of the program took about 2 hours to put together, with most of that time spent searching for auto-orientation code (eventually pulling it out of Magick’s Mogrify command-line tool) and optimizing for speed...)]]>Wald.
"We'd rather individuals register and let us determine eligibility than rule yourself out only to later find a need and not be able to get that aid," said Federal Coordinating Officer Tom Davies. "If you do not register, you may miss out on assistance."
If individuals registered with FEMA and received an SBA application, they also need to complete and return it by July 1, Davies said.
Small businesses applying for Economic Injury Disaster Loans (EIDL) have until February 3, 2003, to submit an application.
"Affected Marylanders should seek out every recovery resource. Many now realize that insurance may not cover all losses or other needs are not being met," said State Coordinating Officer Donald L. Keldsen, of the Maryland Emergency Management Agency. "It's best to register before the deadline and get in the system."
If you have questions about the disaster assistance programs, they will be answered when you call 1-800-621-FEMA (3362).Tim O'Reilly Geek Dinner, has announced that the guest of honour at the next London Geek Dinner on Thursday 24 November 2005 (at the Hogs Head pub, 11 Dering Street - a stone's throw from Bond St/Oxford Circus Tubes) will be none other than web design/development icon Molly E. Holzschlag of Molly.com.
Not yet officially a "geek girl" dinner, but certainly one of particular interest to the girl geeks. I'll be there, for sure! Hope lots of other girly geeks will, too.
Just go to the Geek Dinner Molly Holzschlag page to RSVP.
Technorati Tags: Geek dinner, geek dinners, London Geek Girl Dinner, London Girl Geek Dinner, London Girly Geek Dinner, London Geek Dinners, girl geeks, London, Holzschlag, Improbulus, A Consuming Experience, Consuming Experience
3 comments:
I work far too hard Imp!
Hopefully there will be enough time for us to talk and maybe get your phone working in regards to recording.
That you do Ian, but your organisational efforts are much appreciated!
Phone is OK, I just didn't tap the Record button properly or check it fully (it was a bit far away for me to see it during the talk, too! And I'd not used it before that day as I hadn't been intending to record it, it was an impulse thing...) Should work next time!
I work far too hard Imp!A window poem for Mary
The window opens to the cliffedge the channel and Martinique the morning sea hard crinkled silver wind rough from a thundery sky. Down in the green garden a women hurries by in the dance of the wind Stops and cuts the flowers from a sturdy alamanda purses her lips and hurries on. Unobserved I watch her take the Two handfuls of soft yellow light into the house. The image lingers long after two sunsets.
Recommended: Could you pass a US citizenship test?Q&A: Grazia Ochoa, director of global digital marketing, Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide
Grazia Ochoa, director of global digital marketing, Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide
Q: How have you worked to engage mobile consumers, particularly through search?
A: We have been quite active in the mobile space, recognizing mass proliferation and adoption of devices, and the unique targeting opportunities enabled through mobile. We invested in mobile audiences, using upper funnel tactics and key performance indicators throughout 2011, including display and rich media brand buys on smartphones and iPads.
We have also been active in mobile search. Our mobile search campaigns, which we manage by device type, have been live since 2010. We implemented Google's click-to-call functionality in 2011.
Q: What kind of results have you been seeing?
A: We have experienced higher conversions by allowing customers to call directly to our call centers. While we obviously prefer the transaction to occur 100% within digital, we are happy to intersect the customer where they are and service them as they wish to be.
We have also tested destination search through mobile with the hypothesis that lower competition means lower cost-per-clicks and potentially a more urgent need — such as next or same day — may yield stronger results. We continue to test in this area and utilize as needed for properties where occupancy levels dictate.
We are embarking on a display buy via smartphones that is DR-focused, and which is measured through key performance indicators for Westin. We had held off on DR display buys until now as we were waiting for the tracking methodologies to improve.
Pinpointing mobile search
As more consumers turn to smartphones to find information on products and services, brands are overhauling their desktop search strategies for mobile.Click to read the full story.
Q: Would you say that you are prioritizing mobile search, or are you optimizing other channels like email or your e-commerce sites?
A: It's a priority. It's where the consumer is, and with 30% of all hotel-related searches coming through mobile, we must prioritize. That said, we take a portfolio-managed approach. We've given more slack to mobile given the attribution challenges, but we expect these to be rectified over time, and we'll be looking at mobile like we do anything else. We put our dollars where it delivers first.
Q: With all of these efforts, what have you found to be the largest obstacles in relation to search?
A: Tracking continues to be a challenge. We can't track as we do on desktop. For example, with last click or multi-day window, we must use same-session tracking. But we believe our mobile marketing is producing more results that we can specifically tie back as we do in desktop. Tracking across devices — from desktop to mobile and back again — is also difficult to track and understand. Flexing to consumer intention is problematic — but a fun challenge. It's also difficult to understand what the consumer really wants, whether that's making a reservation, [or] finding an address or a phone number. We would bid differently, or not at all, if we understood the true demand of the consumer.
Q: From the perspective of Starwood's customers, what are the biggest barriers to engaging with mobile search?
A: I think smartphone buys are inhibited by screen sizes. You can get great canvasses to tell your story via desktop units … [But] iPad buys are terrific canvasses — size, functionality and creative — and the prices have dropped considerably since 2011.
Q: In which areas do you see growing potential for mobile search?
A: The engines have done a great job of making access to information quick and relevant. We expect that the on-the-go needs for mobile will further drive this need for utility. Geotargeting is interesting and may be a viable solution for the food and beverage side of our business. That said, geo may be interesting for feeder market type of targeting, such as drive-to destinations or last-minute getaways. We are not leveraging this yet, but we will.Gallery: 25 Sports Snapbacks for the Holidays By Adam Silvers 0 0 Watch Now Tags: Lists, Holiday Gift Guide, MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL, Snapbacks Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Stay connected with complex Sports Latest Trending Stories Load More StoriesCPRIT Tobacco Policy Walks the Talk
by Andy Miller (LIVESTRONG Staff)
In Saturday’s New York Times, Reeve Hamilton outlines a new tobacco free policy for all current and future Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas (CPRIT) grantees.
As a member of CPRIT’s Scientific and Prevention Advisory Council (SPAC), I would like to applaud CPRIT for taking this bold step. In 2010, the SPAC tobacco subcommittee recommended that CPRIT adopt this policy, which we believed was a logical approach. As the Texas is becoming a leader in cancer research and programs, it only makes sense that the institutions carrying out this research don’t permit a leading cause of cancer on their campuses.
Smoking-related illnesses claim more than 440,000 lives annually in the United States. Almost one out of every three cancer deaths in the U.S.—160,000 people a year—is the result of tobacco use. Tobacco causes 87 percent of lung cancer deaths and has been strongly linked to cancers of the esophagus, bladder, pancreas, stomach, colon, cervix, liver, and kidney. If current patterns continue, 25 million Americans alive today, including 5 million children, will die prematurely from smoking related diseases.
The Lance Armstrong Foundation practices what we preach – we are currently a CEO Cancer Gold Standard company and have a 100% tobacco-free campus as part of the Gold Standard accreditation. We appreciate CPRIT’s leadership on this issue and is hopeful that CPRIT grantees will recognize that this is good policy.You finished! Grab some water from our volunteers as you exit the finish corral and head over to the Statesman Cap10K Finish Line Festival on the main lawn. Enjoy a free massage, live music, YMCA CapKids Zone, food trailers, Bloody Mary & Beer Garden and be sure to get a group photo at the Marathon-Photos finisher photo area.
Marathon-Photos Event Photographer
Capture the excitement of the Statesman Capitol 10,000! Take a few seconds to be photographed at various locations around the course or at the finish line. Visit marathon-photos.com to look up your official race photos.
Cap10K Costume Contest
This year’s costume contest has gone social! All contest submissions will be submitted and voted on via “Likes” on Statesman Cap10K’s official Facebook page. Be sure to “Like” Statesman Cap10K on Facebook to vote and submit! Categories include: Superhero or Everyday Heros, Best in Show and Spirit of Texas. Official contest category descriptions and rules are available online at Costume Contest.
Official Race Results
Complete race coverage and the top results will be printed in Monday’s Austin American-Statesman newspaper and available online under Race Results at cap10k.com. Sign up for Runner Tracking and get immediate personal results messaging on your 5K split and 10K finish times. Results look up tent will be located in the Finish Line Festival.
Bloody Mary & Beer Garden
Congratulations you’ve finished now toast your victory in the new Finish Line Festival Bloody Mary & Beer Garden. Bloody Mary’s, Real Ale beer and mac n’ cheese provided by Third Base and Real Ale will be served to participants and spectators, who are 21 + years of age.
Food Trailers & Live Music
Enjoy some of Austin’s finest food trailers at the Finish Line Festival. Bring your brunch money for Heros Gyros, Juice Austin, Wanderlust Coffee, La Fantabulous and Uncle Louie G’s Italian Ice. Live entertainment from Wiretree will be on the festival’s main stage.
FREE Sports Massages
Massage therapists will be available to provide FREE sports massages to race participants. The massage tent will be located in the Finish Line Festival on Auditorium Shores.
Official Cap10K Merchandise provided by Leslie Jordan
Be sure to visit the Leslie Jordan booth in the Finish Line Festival to purchase your finisher’s swag!
Awards Presentation
Location: Auditorium Shores, Main Lawn at approximately 9:45 a.m.
Awards Presentation:: 12 & under, 13-15, 16-19, 20-24, 25-29, 30-34, 35-39, 40-44, 45-49, 50-54, 55-59, 60-64, 65-69, 70-74, 75-79, 80-84, 85-89, 90-94, 95 & over.
Auditorium Shores, Main Lawn
900 West Riverside Drive
Featuring — WiretreeWhile I was still reading Master of Kung-Fu, Avengers and Power Man and Iron Fist on a fairly regular basis at this time - I did not pick them up this particular month. I also completely missed the boat on Marvel Fanfare and Byrne' Fantastic Four (only read an issue or two) and I think I'd stopped buying X-Men.
3 comments:
Scott:
I was a much older 11 in Dec. 1981, but was still waiting for those same Star Wars toys. My parents also got me several subscriptions to Marvel comics that Christmas, and I can distinctly remember Marvel Team-Up #115 being stuffed in my stocking, subscription crease and all!
I like these your "My Reading Pile" pieces. They really take me back!
Cheers,
Andrew
ComicsBronzeAge.com
Apparently, the first chunk of those 80's Marvel Tales were edited--dialogue and pop culture references were put through a "modernize" filter. A real shame, as these would be a great option for acquiring Ditko Spidey for cheap. I *THINK* they knocked it off starting with issue #159.
I rarely, if ever, got comics new off the rack. In fact, most of my comics from this era have been picked up in bins and boxes over the years.
Like you, I was never really invested in Elektra (even all those years later when I finally got the issue in question), but there still was something cool about seeing a character die and believing it was permanent. . . Wish I could get some of that wide-eyed idealism back.Bokeh 0.4.2: Improved Matplotlib, Seaborn, Windows, and IPython Notebook Support
We are pleased to announce the release of version 0.4.2 of Bokeh, an interactive web plotting library for Python!
This release includes improved Matplotlib and Seaborn support, an extensive tutorial with exercises and solutions, a new %bokeh magic command for IPython notebook, and Windows support for the Bokeh server with two new storage backend options.
Get It Now!
If you are using Anaconda, you can install with conda:
conda install bokeh
Alternatively, you can install with pip:
pip install bokeh
About Bokeh
Bokeh is an interactive web plotting library for large and realtime datasets, combining the novel graphics of d3 with the ease of use of Python. For more information, please visit the Bokeh homepage, and consult the Technical Vision and FAQ.
What’s New?
This point release has arrived soon after the 0.4.1 release last month; there were still more great enhancements we wanted to roll out while work proceeds towards 0.5 in late March:
- Improved Matplotlib compatibility layer, beyond what 0.4.1 offered: PolyCollections and initial Seaborn examples
- Windows support for the Bokeh server with new “shelve” and in-memory storage backends
- a new %bokeh magic for the notebook that allows for configuring modes like autoshow, autohold for every cell
- a brand new tutorial with worked exercises and live plots in the answers
BokehJS
The latest version of BokehJS, the standalone reactive scenegraph javascript library targeted by Bokeh, is available by CDN:
Examples of BokehJS use can be found on the Bokeh JSFiddle page:.
Marching towards 0.5
The release of Bokeh 0.5 is planned for late March. Some notable features we plan to include are:
- More refinements to interactions and tools
- Vastly improved layout system for plots, tools, and widgets
- “Prettification” of plots and toolbar, and the bokeh server index page
- Even more Matplotlib and Seaborn support
- Exposing ServerDataSource and RemoteDataSource objects
Issues, enhancement requests, and pull requests can be made on the Bokeh Github page:
Questions can be directed to the Bokeh mailing list: bokeh@continuum.io
Getting Involved
We would love to have contributions from folks. There are many easy places to plug in:
- touch events and mobile experience overall
- styling/design around plots, frames, etc.
- graphical configuration tools
- building out better Matplotlib support
- more language bindings: Scala, Ruby, R, Matlab, C, C++, etc.
- more nice-looking examples for our gallery page
Check out the gallery, play with the source, and follow us on Twitter @bokehplots! comments powered by Disqus
Back to Blog→
Recent Posts
- Accelerate
- Anaconda
- Anaconda Server
- ARM11
- Astronomy
- Bayesian Data Analysis
- Big Data
- Binstar
- blaze
- Blaze
- Bokeh
- Boolean satisfiability problem
- conda
- Conference
- CUDA
- Data Science
- dataframe
- Disco
- easy_install
- Environments
- Events
- Finance
- Genomics
- Geography
- ImageProcessing
- Intel
- IOPro
- IPCluster
- IPython
-4 months old.”
Reach for things, with your help
Recognize familiar faces and take an interest in others
Children develop at their own pace and reach milestones at different times. The highlights mentioned in this website are approximate guidelines only. If you have any questions about your child's development, consult your healthcare provider..
From here you will find information about the theatre, details of what shows and films there are coming up.
Customer Service Centre
County Hall
High Street
Newport
Isle of Wight PO30 1UD
Tel: 01983 821000
© 1999-2015 Isle of Wight Council.
Disclaimer |
Privacy |
Gov
Freedom of Information |Book your room at Rafferty's Resort
Terrace, 2 BedroomsMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Deluxe Terrace, 2 BedroomsMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Loft Cottage, 2 BedroomsMax Occupancy: 6 guests (up to 5 children)
Cottage, 3 BedroomsMax Occupancy: 6 guests (up to 5 children)
Beach lodge with a business center and a bar/lounge
Location
Situated in Cams Wharf, this beach lodge is within 20 mi (32 km) of Wyrrabalong National Park, Magenta Shores Golf Course, and Magenta Shores Beach. Wyong Golf Club and Wyong Racecourse and Showground are also within 25 mi (40 km).
Property Features
Guests of this beach lodge will appreciate convenient onsite amenities such as massage/treatment rooms or a playground.
Room Amenities
All 145 rooms offer WiFi, satellite TV, and kitchens with microwaves. Other amenities available to guests include separate bathtubs and showers, hair dryers, and phones.Information missing or incorrect? Tell us!
Hotel Amenities
Hotel Amenities
In addition to an indoor pool, Rafferty's Resort provides an outdoor tennis court and a seasonal outdoor pool. The lodge offers a restaurant. A bar/lounge is on site where guests can unwind with a drink.
Business-related amenities at this 3.5-star property consist of a business center and meeting rooms. This beach lodge also offers a fireplace in the lobby, express check-in, and express check-out.
- Total number of rooms - 145
- Number of floors - 2
- Bar/lounge
- Business center
- Express check-in
- Express check-out
- Fireplace in lobby
- Spa treatment room(s)
- Meeting rooms
- Parking (limited spaces)
- Restaurant
- Outdoor tennis court
- Indoor pool
- Outdoor seasonal pool
- Wedding services
Family Friendly Amenities
- Indoor pool
- Outdoor tennis court
- Kitchen
- Playground on site
- Microwave
Internet
Available in all rooms: WiFi (surcharge)
Parking
Parking (limited spaces)
Room Amenities
- Phone
- Kitchen
- Microwave
- Private bathroom
- Hair dryer
- Separate bathtub and shower
- Satellite TV service
- Iron/ironing board
- Desk
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- WiFi (surcharge)
Where to Eat
Rafferty's Resort has a restaurant on site.
Nearby Things to Do
An indoor pool and a seasonal outdoor pool are on site. Other recreational amenities include an outdoor tennis court.
The recreational activities listed below are available either on site or nearby; fees may apply.
- Hiking/biking trails nearby
- Bicycle rentals on site
- Fishing on site
- Kayaking on site
- Motor boating on site
- Playground on site
- Rowing or canoeing on site
- Sailing on site
- Scuba diving on site
- Boat tours.JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
43K
0844 858 0744
Mon to Sat 8am - 10pm, Sun 9am - 10pm, Bank Holidays 9am - 5pm
Popular searches:
Availability: In stockH-VITCLOTH
The classic taupe and beige French stripe is such a timeless addition to any household and this 100% cotton herringbone weave tablecloth is made to last and will be cherished for years to come.
L 230 x W 140cm
Machine wash 40 degrees.
Up to 10% shrinkage is possible due to the nature of this natural fibre.)
Natural Wooden Bistro Set
Glazed Jug - Tall
Natural Wooden Dining Set
Four Vintage Woven Striped NapkinsYouTube [ Dancing with the Stars Pro Maks Chmerkovskiy Insults Guest Judge Abby Lee Miller By Angela Thomas May 6, 2014." Read More Category: Entertainment News, Television Tags: Abby Lee Miller, Dance Moms, Dancing with the stars, Maksim Chmerkovskiy, Meryl Davis Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!The three places that have been on my mind lately have been Miami, Phoenix, and San Diego. Though in my mind I enjoy winter and what comes with it, the physical attraction to a warm place has started to become something unavoidable. At some point in the future, I would like to move to one of the formerly mentioned places.
What the attraction is, that I have been to two ( San Diego and Phoenix) but have always wanted to go to one (Miami) to experience what it had to offer like the other two. In San Diego, the attraction that draws me is Mission Beach, though that may be because it is the few things that stays constant of what I remember about San Diego. As for Phoenix, just the thought of exploring more of what it is apart from the airport and hotels, getting to know what it is on a deeper level. Miami holds the most to what explorative nature there is to see. As never having been there but hearing about it has made it a bit bigger than what it may actually be.
Though I know that all things, places, and people hold a good and bad side, the calling to see what it is to develop my own opinion gets greater and greater. It may be at least a year before I am even able to consider such a move, the challenge has been set in my mind. Calling from the shadows, whispers to me in my dreams. Futures aren’t set in stone and shift like the sand.
The trip to any three would be great to take video of, with the bus rides and the waiting in bus terminals. Greyhound has become my best option at this point. Only question to be asked, what should I do once I get down there? A job at any three would be the first choice. After that, what ever offers itself to be explored.Technorati Tags: Places,Miami,Phoenix,Diego,Though,winter,attraction,Mission,Beach,airport,nature,opinion,shadows,dreams,Futures,Greyhound
Blogger Labels: Places,Miami,Phoenix,Diego,Though,winter,attraction,Mission,Beach,airport,nature,opinion,shadows,dreams,Futures,GreyhoundBilel Medas (ALG)
Country: Algeria, Category: 12 & under, Boys
Profile | Ranking | Results | Statistics
Tournaments played in 2013See detailed tennis results of Bilel Medas
If you are a player featured in CoreTennis, you can get in touch with us to have more information and your pictures published on your profile
: John G. G D i remember so well Em the day that you came C into my life Am Em you asked for my name Am D you had the most, beautiful smile G D Em my life started to change i'd wake up each day C Am feeling alright, with you Em Em right by my side, makes me feel things G D will work out just fine Chorus: D how did you know Em Am i need someone like you in my life D G that there was an empty space in my heart Em Am D you came at the right time in my life G Em Am i'll never forget, how you brought the sun to shine in my life F#m B7 Em and took all the worries and fears that i have Am D i guess what i'm really trying to say Am C D it's not everyday that someone like you comes my way Am D G no words can express how much i love you (Repeat Chorus) End. Song dedicated to an "Unforgettable" Lover.
koOL.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^________________^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
may mali poIncludes the names: Jr. John L. Phillips, John L. Phillips Jr., PHILLIPS JOHN L. JR., John L. Phillips, Jr., John L. Jr. Phillipps
davidwhorton (2), IIS (2), mitchellray (2), swat.emc (2), lewgoldberg (2), bultitude (2), shembree (1), ronmarrs (1), mpatkin (1), ronincats (1), wendywordsmithy (1), infinitestrings (1), apostmodernrobot (1), prjain (1) — more
rosstrowbridge (1), Michael_Mercede (1), AEnders (1), DougStephensIV (1), DSD1 (1), HertfordLC (1), jearnold (1), AlDesuda (1), jinschoi (1)
Members: None
Become a LibraryThing Author.
John L. Phillips is currently considered a "single author." If one or more works are by a distinct, homonymous authors, go ahead and split the author.
John L. Phillips is composed of 6 names. You can examine and separate out names.Having taught on conventions, at dance studios and at universities, Jamal Story brings a wealth of experience to his classes. Based in strong technique in several disciplines, Jamal’s classes help dancers marry physical aptitude with performance and storytelling goals.
Still known for a wide-ranging physical skill set that includes Ballet, Modern, Jazz and Gymnastics, Jamal continues to teach not only by instruction, but by example./
Participants have been selected for the Summer 2013 Trip to Tanzania. We will be packing donated supplies on Monday, June 3rd and leaving on Saturday, June 29th. We'll be eager to share our experiences on our return.
Immerse yourself in an authentic, once-in-a-lifetime experience! Go to Africa in the summer of 2015 for a service learning experience in the Southern Highlands of Tanzania. This is the country of the Ngorongoro Crater and the Oldupai Gorge.
Faculty leaders will guide you through a two credit course offered in the spring designed to provide background on Tanzanian cultural and to prepare you for a variety of volunteer opportunities with the Benedictine Sisters of St. Agnes who live near Songea and Njombe.
The College of St. Scholastica
1200 Kenwood Avenue
Duluth, MN 55811Cooper-Booth Wholesale Files Reorganization Plan
C-store distributor expects to emerge from Chapter 11 bankruptcy in second quarter
Published in CSP Daily News
MOUNTVILLE, Pa. -- Cooper-Booth Wholesale Co., a major convenience store distributor, has filed its plan of reorganization with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
The plan provides for Mountville, Pa.-based Cooper-Booth Wholesale to emerge from Chapter 11 in the second quarter of this year.
Confirmation of the plan will allow Cooper-Booth Wholesale to resume its position as a leader in the convenience product distribution industry, said the company. Cooper-Booth Wholesale will continue to grow its business through strong relationships with its customers, suppliers and dedicated staff, it said.
The plan also provides for a new senior credit facility, which will provide the exit financing required to allow Cooper-Booth Wholesale to emerge from Chapter 11 and pay its creditors in full.
The Bankruptcy Court has scheduled a hearing on the Cooper-Booth disclosure statement in connection with the Plan for April 9, 2014.
Cooper-Booth Wholesale has been in the wholesale distribution business since 1865 when the Booth Tobacco Co. was incorporated in Lancaster, Pa. The company continued to grow with the acquisition of Cooper Tobacco and a number of other distributors over the years. Family owned and operated for three generations, it is now a full-line, full-service wholesale distributor serving retailers in the Mid-Atlantic region. Its full line consists of more than 10,000 items representing 95% of a c-store’s needs. Its services and programs currently available include scheduled store visits, merchandising, shelf labels, electronic order entry processing, accrual programs and more.Wheels and DollBaby Birkin Dress with Polka Dot
This is my favourite make of dresses and although they are expensive I find that the style rarely dates and when properly cared for they last for years and can be worn on different occasions.
Wheels and Dollbaby has grown a cult following since it was founded in 1987 in Sydney. The designs are inspired by the rock and roll and have been described as 'Posh punk' and 'Parisian scruff' as well as old world movie star glamour. The make has a celebrity client list, including Dita Von Teese, Kate Moss, Kylie and Minogue and Sadie Frost, so perhaps this is where the high price tag comes from
I have a few of the plain black dresses with a bow as well as black with a coloured panel, so this deviated a little from my usual style. However, when it was on sale at asos for £70, I decided to go for it.
The dress looks slightly sheer at the top and is a very pale pink which looks almost white on the picture when I bought it, with black dots. It has a deep scoop neckline, with a frill trim and a ribbon bow at the centre. The sleeves are elbow length and feature a flared trim at the bottom of the sleeves which makes it very girly. The style is empire line, and the pencil skirt is very form fitting and tight, and feels like a body con dress; it certainly pulls everything it and holds it in which is slightly different to some of the other dresses I have tried which are a much lighter material, and not a thicker material like this one.
The dress looks best I think with plain black shoes without embellishment and can also be worn with shoes with thicker heels and with thick tights for the colder evenings, although I think this makes it look less dressy.
MATERIAL AND CARE...
The dress is 92% Polyester, and 8% Elastane; it's this elastane which makes it very fitted.
The dress should be hand washed to keep it in great condition.
AVAILABLE SIZES...
The dresses are sized as numbers 1,2,3 and 4 which equate to US sizing 4,6,8,10. I believe these are Uk sizes 8, 10, 12, 14. I have a size 2 which is I think a UK size 10. I usually buy an 8, but this is a very snug fit, mainly I think because the skirt part of the dress is so fitted.
VERDICT...
I love this dress, and find its great for different events. I have now worn it when out for a meal with friends and also to a more formal "glitzy" event, and it served me well on both occasions. I will be teaming it with thicker heeled shoes for the winter and when its really cold may have to cover the pretty sleeves with a cover up at least until I warm up.
It is quite tricky to pull over my head as it's so fitted but once on it just kind of moulds to my body and sucks it all in, and then when I wear it, it's not uncomfortable at all.
A very pretty feminine dress which I can see becoming a favourite.
Thanks for reading
Daniela xx- 
DEL MAR, Calif.- Hall of Fame jockey Mike Smith’s description of Lady of Shamrock’s rally best describes her style of victory in Saturday’s $300,000 Del Mar Oaks.
“She goes from last to woom,” he said. “She’s got a great turn of foot. You’ve got to trust her.”
Smith rode Lady of Shamrock ($4) confidently in the Grade 1 Del Mar Oaks and was rewarded when the filly closed with a remarkable rally to win by a half-length over 43-1 Stormy Lucy. Open Water, a 25-1 shot, finished third in the field of nine.
[Complete coverage of racing at Del Mar: News, PPs, and video]
Eden’s Moon, the winner of the Grade 2 San Clemente Handicap in July and the 2-1 second choice, could only finish fifth after racing near the front for the first six furlongs.
Smith had Lady of Shamrock in last place for the first six furlongs, well behind a pace of 23.67 and 47.12 seconds shared by Eden’s Moon and Best Present Ever. Lady of Shamrock began to make progress on the field on the final turn and closed well with a six-wide rally into the stretch.
Third with a furlong remaining, Lady of Shamrock took the lead in the final sixteenth, finishing 1 1/8 miles on turf in 1:46.30. She was sent off favored.
“We got a little pace to run at,” winning trainer John Sadler said. “When I saw [fractions] of 23 and 47 [seconds], I felt good.
“It was a nice ride. When you’re on the best horse you don’t want to get into trouble.”
Owned by Kosta Hronis, Lady of Shamrock won the fifth stakes of her career in the Grade 1 Del Mar Oaks and her second consecutive Grade 1 race. She won the American Oaks over 1 1/4 miles on turf at Betfair Hollywood Park on July 14. By Scat Daddy, Lady of Shamrock has won 6 of 10 starts and $645,400.
Sadler indicated that the $250,000 Rodeo Drive Stakes at Santa Anita on Sept. 29, a race formerly known as the Yellow Ribbon Stakes, may be Lady of Shamrock’s next start. He considers her a candidate for the Breeders’ Cup Filly and Mare Turf at Santa Anita on Nov. 2.This Business is not BBB Accredited
Plasti Print, Inc.
Phone: (650) 652-4950Fax: (650) 652-4954View Additional Phone Numbers1620 Gilbreth Rd, Burlingame, CA 94010-1405
BBB Business Reviews may not be reproduced for sales or promotional purposes.
Description
This company specializes in screen printing, digital large format printing and laminating.
BBB Accreditation
Plasti Plasti Print, Inc.'s rating include:
- Length of time business has been operating.
- No complaints filed with BBB.
Customer Complaints Summary
Definitions | BBB Complaint Process | File a Complaint
Customer Reviews Summary Read customer reviews
0 Customer Reviews Customer Reviews on Plasti Print, Inc.
Read Customer Reviews | Submit a Customer Review | See Trends in Customer Reviews on Plasti Print, Inc.
Additional Informationtop
Type of Entity
Corporation
Incorporated: July 1961, CA
Contact InformationPrincipal: Mr. Peter R. Vigil (President)Customer Contact: Ms. Helen Vigil (Secretary/Treasurer)Mr. Randy Vigil (Operating Manager)
Number of Employees
8
Business Category
Screen Printing
Products & Services
Signs - Sintra, Plexi, Coroplast, Aluminum, etc.
T-Shirt - Cotton, Polyester, Athletic Jerseys
Labels - Bumper Stickers, Reflective, Static Cling and Removable
Banners - Vinyl, Fabric and Canopies
Magnets - Vehicle, Refrigerator, Calendar and Promotional
Plastic Cards - Business, Credit and Membership
Specialty Inks
Flourescent
Scratch-Off (Lottery Style)
UV Coating (Spot Coating)
Glow in the DarkOn News 88.9 KNPR
On Classical 89.7
1289 S. Torrey Pines Dr.
Las Vegas, NV 89146
Main Number: 1-702-258-9895
Toll Free: 1-888-258-9895
an
member station
Several hundred heavy metal fans converged on the Sahara last weekend. Popular culture commentator Rebecca Zisch couldn't resist but go along for hysteria.
Add some items to your playlist to play them.210 – What Happens Nexton May 28th, 2009
IN-DEPTH REVIEW OF THE SUPERFOGEYS OVER AT “DIGITAL STRIPS!”
Wow. The Midnight Cartooner, a contributor at Digital Strips, did an amazingly in-depth review of the SuperFogeys. He took a look at each strip–from the very first, all the way to last week’s 209 did a great job summing up the complete experience. It’s a nicely written review that breaks it all down for you by category–writing, art, etc.
Midnight does a great job noting both the strengths and weaknesses of SF, and in the end he gives his final verdict. What does he come up with? You’ll have to click here to find out.
STRANGERS WITH COMICS INTERVIEW
Over the weekend I had the opportunity to sit down with the great guys over at Strangers With Comics. And I do mean that literally. Both Tony and Randy live here in Fresno with me (well, not with me–you get the idea) and it was fun to do a face-to-face. We talked about the beginnings of SF (a topic which might be little too familiar by now to some of you), but we also got into the business of webcomics itself. A good time was had by all.
You can hear the interview on their latest podcast here. My interview starts about 41 minutes in.
THE END OF CHAPTER SIX
Finally! This once-a-week update stuff blows! I know I say this at the end of every chapter, but six is easily my favorite of what I’ve done so far.
Back at the end of Chapter Five, I did an extended teaser of what you would find in Chapter Six. Let’s see how I did, shall we?
“Chapter 6 will open up on Dr. Rocket’s funeral. In fact, about 90% of Chapter 6 will take place outside of Valhalla. Big change of pace. We’ll see the entire funeral and hear some nice and not-so-nice words about the good Doctor.
“We’ll also get to find out the origins of Captain Spectacular and Dr. Rocket, something I’ve been wanting to do for a long time. If you love flashbacks, you’ll love Chapter 6. Expect a little mystery raised by the last panel of Chapter 5 to be solved.
“Any Healer fans out there? He makes his long-awaited return. A character previously only glimpsed in the background will finally come forward and say a few words. And, because you demanded it, someone WILL call Captain Spectacular out on his failure to act at the end of Chapter 5, but it’s probably the last person you’d expect.”
Not too bad. I think I hit all the marks I said I would. I think “Funeral for a Frenemy” had a bit of a rocky start, but the middle portion with the origin of Dr. Rocket and Captain Spectacular and the ending with the Dr. Rocket reveal and fallout was much stronger. I know it was spread out over too many months (and trips to the hospital), but what did you guys think?
Next Week:
3 Updates next week! That’s right, three. It’ll go like this:
Tuesday: SuperFogeys Origins: The Society of Heroes continues with as the Eagle and the Bear go at it! That’s right, it’s the Money Man vs. Soviet Sam. Two men enter, one ideology leaves!
Wednesday: Special update in which I’ll share the FULL version of the SuperFogeys one-pager that was in Th3rd World’s Free Comic Book Day preview of Stuff of Legend. It’s kind of a Star Maiden showcase, but everybody else shows up as well.
Thursday: I’ll reveal the cover to SuperFogeys Collection #5. Five will collect all of Chapter 6, “Funeral for a Frenemy” and some other goodies to be announced later. I’ll also be doing a teaser preview of Chapter 7, “Visiting Day.”
See you then!
——————-)Get news updates from WGBH
Now Playing
Connect with Us
Podcasts & RSS Feeds
POLITICS & GOVERNMENT
7:00 pm
Thu August 14, 2014
Race For Attorney General: Warren Tolman And Maura Healey Debate
The two Democratic candidates for Massachusetts attorney general, Maura Healey and Warren Tolman, sat down for a 30-minute "debate" about the news of the day and the issues facing the state.
Related Content:
- Politics & Government"It's an emergency! I'm going to eat carbs," a woman whose waist was roughly the size of my wrist said to friends at another table.
I've been a fan of the restaurant since its opening -- what? -- about 15 years ago by the operators of the defunct and pricey Abruzzi, which was also located at Peachtree Battle. Their goal was to give people a more informal and inexpensive taste of good Italian cooking. The original chef there was Danny Arturo, whose pizzas rapidly became known as the best in the city. He soon opened his own restaurant in Dunwoody, but where he is now, I do not know.
I long ago stopped eating the pizzas here and began focusing on the appetizers and specials. Antipasti are displayed in a front window of the restaurant, and most everyone's favorite are the fat, roasted red peppers marinated in garlic and olive oil. The squid salad, when available, is also a favorite. But give me the mussels marinara. It's not that the mussels are particularly better than others -- in fact, the last bowl I had were too tiny to deserve serving -- but the sauce is one of the best marinaras in town, full of slow-cooked garlic turned mellow and sweet, contrasting with feverish notes of hot chilies -- almost a hybrid of marinara and Fra Diavolo. Most people order the chewy "knots" of garlicky bread with their starters.
At times, specials seem to outnumber regular entrees and pastas. During our hurricane visit, I ordered two sauteed soft shell crabs -- juicy, salty, sweet, slightly crisp -- in a sauce made with chicken stock, butter and wine, reduced until creamy and scattered with almond slices. A heap of spinach sauteed with garlic was also on the plate. Wayne ordered a special of grouper in a white wine and caper sauce -- straightforward and classic. All entrees here are served with a small plate of spaghetti and marinara.
Among regular dishes, I favor the veal piccata, the grouper marechiaro (which is cooked with mussels) and the linguine with white clam sauce.
Complaints? The restaurant does not take credit cards. True, prices are inexpensive and it is Buckhead, where everyone walks around with a massively stuffed wallet, right? But come on! Service, I have to say, is not the greatest, either. Indeed, we were treated to one of those high school cafeteria moments when a server dropped a plate and the rest of the service staff began applauding wildly. Meanwhile, the floor of the restaurant, near the restrooms in the rear, looked like someone had danced flamenco on a pizza. But, OK, it was hurricane weather.Here and there
We paid a visit to The Inman Park Patio (1029 Edgewood Ave. 404-659-5757). I'd heard the restaurant had hired a new chef, Michael Schorn -- formerly with Cavu -- which turned out to be true, but his new menu had not yet debuted. We nonetheless ate well, starting with pancetta-wrapped grilled shrimp and a salad with pear slices and gorgonzola cheese. Wayne's entree was sesame-crusted ahi tuna with caponata. Annoyed that the new menu hadn't debuted, I contented myself with a burger.
Our server obviously forgot to put our entree order in -- she returned to ask what we'd ordered 15 minutes after we'd first told her -- and I got further annoyed. Then at meal's end, we were presented an apology in the form of a complimentary gigantic platter of assorted deserts. I was not in the mood to gain 17 pounds and insisted the desserts go to two thin people I knew sitting nearby. "But ... but ... we'll eat it!" one of them exclaimed. I received a report later that everything, especially the créme brûlee, was worth the cost of an extra hour of cardio. ...
Craving Chicago-style hot dogs, sandwiches and attitude? Hurry to Uncle Harry's on Auburn (590-A Auburn Ave., 404-221-0444). OK, I'm kidding about da 'tude, but the new deli is a jewel. Besides classic Chicago-style Italian sausages and hot dogs, you can sample that city's famous juicy, sliced roast beef combined with sausage, topped with red peppers, stuffed into crusty Italian bread.
The new sandwich shop also serves three vegetarian and many classic deli sandwiches, prepared panini-style if you want. There are also big salads, including "side cars," a quarter-wedge of iceberg lettuce with your choice of meat.
Especially good news is the owner's plan to begin delivery service to those of us living in the area. ...
First a compliment: I love the brisket at Rolling Bones (377 Edgewood Ave., 404-222-2324). It takes me back to my years in Texas and Goode Co. BBQ in Houston, where I learned to love barbecued beef -- compared to the pork I grew up eating. But I also love the chopped pork here, mangled before your very eyes by a man whose skill will remind you of John Belushi's old "Saturday Night Live" skit.
But I hate the damn plastic forks and knives. I'm resolving to go on a yearlong campaign against the stuff. I mean, if you have to use plastic cutlery, how about buying something besides the flimsy stuff that induces what feels like writer's cramp. Interestingly, the other place I visit often that uses plastic and shouldn't is Daddy D'z, also a barbecue joint.
Wayne and I have given up going there unless we carry our own silverware. Not only is the plasticware especially flimsy for cutting around bones, the food is heaped onto little Styrofoam plates so that the flexing of the forks and knives -- they bend for a while before snapping in half -- tends to cause the food to fly off the plate.
Leave Cliff Bostock a voicemail at 404-688-5623, ext. 1010, or e-mail him at cliff.bostock@creativeloafing.com.Photo by Ben Fink
Leave a Review
Reviews
I as well only made the onions and they were absolutely delicious. Takes a bit of planning ahead because of the time but a huge hit in my house.
I only made the onions....but they were well worth the time it took and they were the perfect compliment to our steaks....YUM!The Thomson Bulldogs football season got off to a rousing start Friday with a resounding 53-6 victory over Washington-Wilkes.
The Washington-Wilkes Tigers took the opening kickoff at their own 11-yard line, but failed to advance the ball. A shank punt gave Thomson their first possession deep in the Tigers' territory. A two-yard run by running back Torrie Battle put the Dawgs on the board, and a successful PAT by kicker Jared Williams put the Bulldogs up 7-0 with 9:32 remaining in the first quarter. From that point on, the game was all Thomson's.
The Bulldogs scored twice more in the first quarter to end the quarter 21-0. Another touchdown and two successful field goals in the second quarter put Thomson ahead 34-0 at the half.
"It was a good game, but there's room for improvement," quarterback Josh Jones said after the game. "And if we keep working hard and putting God first then we will be fine."
Thomson continued racking up points in the second half, adding three more touchdowns to drive the score to 53-0. Strong defense by Thomson held the Tigers scoreless until late in the fourth quarter, when Washington-Wilkes was finally able to generate a touchdown with 2:51 remaining in the game. Their PAT was unsuccessful, however, and the game ended with a final score of 53-6.
"We just got to keep working together and we will be unstoppable," John John Atkins said of the defense after the game.
With the Bulldog home opener still a month away, enough Thomson fans made the drive to Washington to pack the visitors' bleachers. Members of Thomson's baseball, softball, and soccer teams sported body paint in support of the Bulldogs.
"We've been getting a ton of support from the community," Thomson baseball player Austin Cooper said. "So we get painted up and rowdy to show support back to the people who support us. I know what it's like to have a great community behind you and supporting you. We had a great time tonight supporting the Dogs, and we're looking forward to a great season."
New football head coach Milan Turner was pleased with what he saw during the game.
"I thought our kids played really hard," Turner said. "We've got a lot to work on, a lot of improvement to make, but the effort was very good. I thought we did a better job executing than we did a few weeks ago, but we're a long ways from where we need to be.
"But I thought they all played very hard. I thought the effort was great from top to bottom, and I was very impressed all around."
The Bulldogs next travel to face Lakeside on Friday. Game time is at 7:30..
You can adapt this chicken curry with coconut milk recipe in many different ways to suit your palates and I have mentioned some variations below, while I explain the flow of how I make it. If you use canned or packaged coconut milk, this is a very easy dish to put together in under 30 mins. Making your own coconut milk will obviously elevate the flavour of the curry but it's not essential in this dish, in my opinion. Since I like the gravy to be a bit on the thicker side, I used ground poppy seed paste, something that is unavailable in Singapore and so more used and appreciated in Sydney :) TH and I have different choices (he's a vegetarian) and we rarely comment on each other's choices but after making this chicken curry, I told him for the first time that I wish he could taste it.
I have a few more chicken recipes in the site and my favourites are dry chilli chicken, Kerala chicken curry, and butter chicken masala. Try them! You can also check out how to make coconut milk at home.
CHICKEN CURRY WITH COCONUT MILKPreparation time: 20 minutes
Cooking time: 30 minutes
Serves 4
Recipe: My own
INGREDIENTS:
250 gm of cleaned and cubed chicken pieces
1 cup of sliced onions
2 tbsp of oil (I use
INSTRUCTIONS:
1. Heat oil in a wide pan and add the sliced onions. Fry until golden brown (they need to brown a bit more than in the picture below).
2. Grind the green chillies, garlic, and ginger together coarsely.
3. Add the spice powders - chilli, coriander, cumin, and turmeric - to the fried onions. Saute for 20 seconds.
4. Now add the ground chilli paste and tomatoes to the above. Fry again for a minute, the mixture will turn fragrant.
5. Add the cleaned chicken pieces to this,
along with the thin coconut milk + 1 more cup of water. Add salt. Bring this to boil.
6. Meanwhile, grind the soaked poppy seeds in 2-3 tbsp water into a smooth paste. I use the same grinder as I used for chilli paste.
Add poppy seed paste to the curry and when it comes to boil, lower heat and cook closed for 15-20 mins or until the chicken pieces are cooked. The gravy will also thicken a bit.
7. On low heat, add the thick coconut milk and mix well.
.
Serve hot!
Variations and Notes:
- You can add more tomatoes if you want or omit it completely
- If you want a 'whiter' curry, omit the chilli powder and increase amount of green chillies, to taste
- I use poppy seeds as a gravy thickener. Other options are to use cashew nut paste (soaked cashew nuts ground with water) or more thick coconut milk or coconut cream
- You can use curry leaves as garnish instead of coriander leaves but avoid using both
- You can try this same recipe with chicken pieces with bone. It's hard for me to find that kind cleaned and prepared so I always opt for chicken breast. Adjust cooking time according to size of chicken pieces
- You can make a vegetarian version of this curry by substituting chicken with soya chunks, potatoes, or a mixture of both. A mix of vegetables may also turn out well
- Regarding thin and thick coconut milk - if using canned coconut milk, buy full cream variety (not the low fat or whatever) and for the 2 cups thin milk, dilute with 1:1 water. When you need to add the thick coconut milk, add it as is. Check this post if making coconut milk at homeFostering a homeless shelter dog is one of the most rewarding things you can do. But when the time comes to let go, it can also be wrenching.
Once you’ve become attached to a sweet dog, it can bedifficult bordering onimpossible to say goodbye. Many people, recognizing their limitations, have told me flat-out that they couldn’t possibly foster because they quickly form a bond and cannot let go.
This is why so manyanimal rescuersbecome “foster failures” – i.e. they wind up adopting a dog they initially planned to house on a temporary basis. How do you say farewell to a creature you’ve fed and played with, medicated and cuddled? As one rescuer I know memorably said, “Failure never felt so good.”
But that doesn’t mean foster success feels less good.It feels great – and it frees up room in your home and heart for the next needy K9. But before you can experience the joy of foster success, first you -the foster caregiver – mustfacesome serious separation anxiety.And that ain’t easy.
As foster caregivers, we strive to do what’s in the best interest of the dog in question. And in the case of my beloved Lady Bug,the right thing to do was let go. So that’s what I did yesterday: Ientrusted herto an excellentrescue group that already has a beautiful permanent home lined up and waiting for the perfect Chihuahua.
Which is precisely what Bug is. I’ll never forget how calm she remained when the ceiling in my apartment fell in. Or how perfectly housetrained she is. Or her adorablehabit of jumping into my lap.
I’m a big-dog person, and I’m a sucker for aK9 in need. That explains how I came to have 6 large dogs,each of them clamoring for my attention 24/7. My mother never fails to let me know that each one of my dogs wants to the the only dog. She always delivers this line with a disapprovingshake of her head, as if I’m subjecting the members of my pack to the worst kind of emotional torture imaginable.
Perhapsshe is right – unfortunately, like most Moms, she’s almost always right.
In my defense, I’ll say what I always tell my Mom: That mybig dogs enjoy each other’s company enormously. But Bug is a different story. Let’s just say she’s not a dog person; she’s a people person. She loves getting attention from members of the human species, and returns that attention a hundredfold. She fits my mother’s profile of a dog who wants to be an only child.Bug wanted me all to herself. And sadly, what with my prior commitment to my family of big dogs, this is not something Iwas able togive her.
I can, however, do my utmost to see to it that Bug gets exactly what she wants out of life:A wonderful, caring home in which she and her amazing, gravity-defyingears arethe radiant center of attention.
As we waited on my stoop for the car to come and pick her up, Bug nestled sweetly in my lap. I buried my face in her neck; she gave me passionate French-Mexican kisses, slipping her tongue into my mouth. It was always difficult to photograph her because she’s a constantly moving target, wiggling at high speeds andmoving her head from side to side to take in every detail of her surroundings.
This time, however, I was able to get some amazingly pensive shots of my little girl – that’s how relaxed she was. The most casual observer would’ve had a hard time not noticing how very attached to each other we’d become, my Love Bug and I.
Thenher rideappeared.
I handedBug over to the driver, then ran inside to get her paperwork, postponing the inevitable for just a few minutes more. As I came back down the steps of my building, I nearly called the whole thing off when I sawBug sittingin the driver’s lap with her ears perked up, watching and waiting for me with laserlike focus.Her worried expressionnearly broke my heart! She clearly expected me tojoin herin the vehicle. But I maintained my resolve, handed over the papers, kissed her twomore times- then turned around andwent back inside.
I’ll give you the Bug update as soon as I have it. It’s hard to believe a creature weighing just 9 pounds could leave my heart so heavy by her absence. That littledog will be missed in no small way.
Our Most-Commented Stories
Julia Szabo | May 2nd 2011Pixar's Cars still unbeatable.
Pixar's Cars stays in the lead.
The game publisher announces a loss of $50 million.
Agent 47 makes himself known.
Disney-related titles take the top 3 spots.
MLB 2K6 offers up a solid game of baseball with some strong pitching and batting elements, though it's hampered by several flaws.Sharing Time Outline states:
Song of your choice from the Childrens Songbook
The theme for the month is:
"Jesus Christ is the Son of God, and He is a God of miracles."
"For Behold, I am God; and I am a God of miracles;...and I work not among the children of men save it be according to their faith." 2 Nephi 27:23
Week 1: Jesus Christ is a God of Miracles
Week 2: Jesus Christ can heal the sick
Week 3: Jesus Christ has power over death
Week 4: Miracles come to those who have faith
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Here are a few song ideas:
(click on link to listen or purchase song poster kit)
Faith (p. 96)
I Feel My Savior's Love (p.74)
God's Love (p.97)
Tell Me the Stories of Jesus (p.57)The best and worst things to buy in July
Keep an eye open for great deals on tablets, but wait until Labor Day for sales on bedding.
- A journalist takes a picture with a tablet at the 66th Cannes Film Festival in France earlier this year. Stores like Staples, Lenovo, Best Buy, and Walmart will likely pack great deals on tablets in July.Eric Gaillard/Reuters/FileView Caption.
Shop Independence Day Sales for In-Season Items
The Fourth of July is an excellent time to score a discount on summer items while they're still in-season, which means you can finally find a deal on a grill during the holiday weekend; gas grills in particular experienced above average discounts last year. Summer clothing will also see strong price cuts, with stores taking up to 62% off on average. Also be on the lookout for extra coupons that slash up to an additional 50% off sale prices. That said, keep in mind that the prices will only continue to drop as the season progresses; patio furniture, for example, saw better discounts in August last year.
Wait Until Labor Day for Bedding Sales
The one "usual suspect" for holiday weekend sales that we actually recommend skipping in July is bedding; for the past three years, Labor Day sales have taken much stronger discounts on these items than Independence Day promotions. If you wait until September, you'll find a much higher number of Editors' Choice sets, too.
Tablets Are So Hot Right Now
July is primed to be an excellent month for Android tablet deals, as we've recently seen an influx of high-quality discounts. In fact, the number of Editors' Choice deals on tablets quadrupled in the month of May, and the stream of sales has held strong through June. While it tapered off slightly last month, there was still double the number of Editors' Choice deals than normal. Slate shoppers should look for sales from
As far as Apple buying advice goes, it's an interesting month. The tech giant debuted a "new" 16GB iPod touch as well as an update to its MacBook Air. We're recommending that consumers hold off on buying the touch though until about September, when reseller deals should knock $39 off the retail price, dropping it to $190. As far as the MacBook Air is concerned, normally we would advise shoppers to skip the latest generation laptop from Apple and look for a deal on the very similar previous generation. However, the updates to the MacBook Air this year are actually quite substantial, offering a better value for your money than last year's Ivy Bridge model. That said, you can still get a small discount of about $49 if you wait up to two months for a reseller deal.
Put Down the NOOK.. Combined with back-to-school sales, consumers can expect to see some killer laptop deals this month.
For that reason, we recommend looking at Ivy Bridge systems in order to get the most savings. These systems pack sufficient power for the average user and deals for mainstream Ivy Bridge laptops (those with a 15" screen, Core i5 CPU, and minimum 4GB RAM) are currently at the second-lowest price they've been all year: $323. (The all-time low has been $299.) In the coming weeks, we expect to see deals at or below $299.
Although we don't have much data on Haswell-based notebooks, deals in June ranged from $735 to $841 for mainstream 15" systems. The difference here is that the Haswell laptops are all packing Core i7 quad-core processors and built with slightly better specs. So you're definitely paying a premium over the Ivy Bridge systems. However, if Haswell's improved battery life isn't much of a selling point to you, stick with the Ivy Bridge laptops.
September Is a Sweet Time to Buy a Desktop
Normally we turn our attention to laptops, but if you're still carrying a flame for a desktop PC, then it's good to keep in mind that this category too will benefit from deals on Ivy Bridge-equipped models. However, our records show that the best time to buy a PC will be in September for mainstream dual-core systems, and November for higher-end quad-based models. And if you're not particular about your computation needs, also take note of the fact that, so far in 2013, the average price of a dual-core desktop PC has been $100 less than the average price of a dual-core 15" laptop, at $248.
2013 TVs Already 40% Off, 2012 Models See Even Bigger Cuts
The holidays are traditionally the best time of year to score deals on HDTVs, but this year we've noticed aggressive deals on many of 2013's latest sets. In fact, diligent bargain hunters can save up to 40% off a new 2013 TV. This includes models from name-brand companies like Samsung, Panasonic, and LG. Although prices vary by size and manufacturer, LG is currently seeing the biggest discounts with deals on every size TV.
Alternatively, shoppers can also look to 2012 models for greater savings. For instance, name-brand 55".
Set up an email alert now to keep abreast of any and all of these best buys in July. And for more price trend information, check out our consumer shopping research page.
Lindsay Sakraida is the Features Director.RON RIPPEY'S MEADOWLANDS PICKS FOR FRIDAY, OCT. 12
AT MEADOWLANDS
Post Time: 2:15
1 - COCODIMAMA, superbly bred for grass, only needs a clean trip. RAGING LION is main threat off drop in class. CERTAIN APPEAL has been on exacta tickets in 6-of-12 races.
2 - PORVOO has pedigree to move to lawn and stretch out. KISSES REQUIRED has been rested since ducking out on lead. Gate-to-wire threat. CANDY LASS went wide in first try on turf.
3 - BLESS THE SOLDIER has pedigree to convert sprinter speed into gate-to-wire winner on lawn. GOLDEN WEEKEND should go better in grass dash; only one in field who has won on Meadowlands' turf. Levine may have QUIESCENT HIT back in form off layoff.
4 - RUDY RUDY RUDY (BEST BET) capitalizes on proven speed off drop to career low. Beaten-favorite FUFTY TOO ships in from Midwest with pedigree to be quick while shortening up. UNREAL and FRENCH FURY become prime threats if they can escape also eligibles. If not, CAR THIEF should hit exotics tickets.
5 - CHANNEL QUEST would be the Best Bet if not on the also-eligible list. OSCEOLA PRINCE will try to wire this field. Will do just that if there is a speed bias. Post hurts MARVELOUS CHESTER. DEAR JOHN won last as the 7-5 favorite, but meets tougher here.
6 - NO ATTRACTION has to be caught, but must avoid hooking up with NO LA HACE early. NEVA MASQUERADE is back in barn where he was in the money four times in a row before tiring on Polytrack. MUSTANG ISLAND shortens up from route racing with early foot.Tipped to be Korea's star player at this year's World Cup, Seol Ki-Hyeon knows much is expected of him after a successful season in Belgium.
Still only 22, he has won the Belgian Super cup with Anderlecht and has also featured in the Champions League this year.
Seol started his career in Europe with Anderlecht's Belgian rivals Antwerp where he scored 10 goals in 25 games.
Such form is what won him a move to Anderlecht last summer and accelerated his development as a world-class player.
His debut for his new club came in that Super Cup final when he burst onto the scene with a hat-trick inside 12 minutes to help Anderlecht towards their triumph.back of the box wrote:
Mark’s 25th birthday has him inheriting a large trust and loads
of babes. But the money changes him for the worst, so his mother
has our heroine Sunny try to set him straight. Instead, she fixes
his wagon, hones his cone, honks his horn and puts a smile on his
face they’re still trying to wipe off! 
Shaun Costello – Sunny (1979)
back of the box wrote:JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
By K.JACQUES -
A warm weather staple, these natural hued, leather gladiator style sandals are both simple and chic. This flat thong sandal details a T-strap silhouette and adjustable buckled ankle strap. A minimalist design for endless wear-ability!
36= US size 6
37= US size 7
38= US size 8
39= US size 9
40= US size 10
41= US size 11
Fits true to size, half sizes should size up
leather sole & insole, rubber heel
made in Fr.thick provision eager zeroed
Thick provision eager zeroed is a provisioning format for a virtual machine (VM) disk that creates a virtual disk in a default thick format.
VMware basics
Thick provision eager zeroed is a VMware provisioning format that creates a virtual machine (VM) disk in a default thick format.
Continue Reading About thick provision eager zeroed
Glossary
'thick provision eager zeroed' is part of the:
View All DefinitionsView All DefinitionsFootage of Harrier Jet Crash In California
- Uploaded by Abovetopvideos on Jun 5, 2014
- Hits: 160
A military jet has crashed into a residential area in Imperial Valley, VIDEO say one home is on fire, according to NBC San Diego. Two to three additional homes were impacted by the crash, officials Third Marine Aircraft Wing AV-8B Harrier crashed at approximately 14:20 local only footage available so far. More to
Categories:Order online or use the PDF Order Form. Adobe Acrobat Reader is required to view these publications. You can download it at Adobe’s free download page.
NEW! 30 Essays on Giftedness In Paperback or E-Book
Enjoy this collection of articles regarding a wide variety of topics related to the social and emotional needs of the gifted. Each is written by one of the leading experts in our field.
(Kindle)
Explore the Joy and Challenges of Parenting the Gifted
This e-book from SENG features
25 Ways to Love the Gifted
SENG Brochure
Help your parents and clients find resources about the emotional and social challenges facing the gifted. Introduce them to SENG with this handy reference guide that tells about our mission, what we do, and how to get involved. It’s available free as a download or in bundles of 25.
SENG Diversity Brochure
Decreasing Medical Misdiagnosis in Gifted Children Brochure and Gifted Resource Bookmark
The brochure is designed for medical professionals and describes common clinical traits often associated with giftedness that can be misidentified as ADHD, mood disorders, and other diagnoses. It’s available free as a download or via mail in bundles of 25. The Gifted Resources Bookmark is available only by mail in bundles of 25.
These are great to give to others (educators, health care professionals, etc.) for distribution.
Selecting a Mental Health Professional for Your Gifted Child
This publication provides some answers to these common questions, and directs you to more resources to help you make informed decisions about your child’s mental health care. Also in Spanish!
Becoming a SENG-Model Parent Support Group Facilitator
What are SENG-Model Parent Support groups all about? What topics are covered in the sessions? What are the resources I need to become a facilitator in my community? A quick read, this brochure gives you the rundown on the basics of the groups and how to learn more about becoming a facilitator.
SENG Liaison InformationFind out how you can play an active role in meeting the needs of the gifted by becoming a SENG Liaison.ROOOOAAAARRRRR!!!!!! Bryce McGlone of Mecha Hub terrorizes a forest with an enormous dragon. Like this post? Tell all your friends!FacebookTwitterGoogleRedditPinterestMoreTumblrLinkedInStumbleUponEmail
That’s Bryce McGlone, owner of the MechaHub. By his standards this is a small dragon ;)
Ah, thanks. Post edited. :-)
This is by far the best LEGO dragon I have seen. Bryce has out done himself a thousand times.Film: Spider-Man
aka: Spider Man
Spider-Man is the first movie in the Spider-Man Trilogy, released in 2002. An origin story, it tells the tale of Peter Parker, a nerd who is bitten by a genetically-engineered spider and gets the powers of the arachnid — web shooting, high jumping, wall-adherability, enhanced strength/endurance and sensing vibrations in the air.At first he attempts to use these powers for profit, but when his actions accidentally lead to the death of his Uncle Ben, Peter decides to use his abilities to fight injustice, under the name Spider-Man. This comes in handy when the father of his best friend, Norman Osborn (Willem Dafoe), becomes the villainous Green Goblin after using a performance-enhancing chemical vapor that grants him super strength, but also makes him mentally unstable and dangerously psychotic.Followed by Spider-Man 2. It has a Video Game Adaptation in the form of Spider Man: The Movie.
Tropes:
- Adorkable: Peter Parker. Considering he's raised by two elderly people, his whole "gee shucks" thing kind of makes sense.
- Alas, Poor Villain: Norman Osborn. "Peter... don't tell Harry."
- Alliterative Name: Peter Parker.
- Amazingly Embarrassing Parents: A rather dark example. Harry's dad, Norman storms out of Thanksgiving dinner with Peter, MJ, and Aunt May. Harry tries to stop him, and Norman tells Harry, rather loudly, that considering MJ's background, she's just interested in his money and to use her and dump her. And everyone else heard everything.
- Before Norman went nuts, he was still this to some degree - Harry was embarassed that he would drive him to the school trip in the Rolls Royce.
- Arc Words: "Don't tell Harry." Also "Thank God for you, Peter."
- The Atoner: Peter becomes a hero to atone for letting the robber go who wound up killing Uncle Ben.
- Atrocious Alias:
- Peter's original idea for his name.Ring Announcer: "The Human Spider", that's it, that's the best you got?
Peter Parker: Yeah.
Ring Announcer: Oh, that sucks...
- "The Green Meanie"
- Attempted Rape: Spidey saves Mary Jane from an attempted gang rape.
- Awesome but Impractical: General Slocum clearly wants to sign a contract between the United States Army and Quest Aerospace for their obviously incredibly cumbersome flightsuit (which doesn't even look very practical or look like something that's going to catch on) over Oscorp Industries' much more practical Human Performance Enhancers, streamlined aero flightsuits, and gliders. Norman, as the Goblin, destroys his rival's technology by blowing up the bunker during a testing session before it can be put to market.
- Badass Bystander: Averted; the man who earlier cheated Peter out of his prize money points out that Peter could have "taken that guy apart" but he instead let the robber pass. Peter replies, "I missed the part where that's my problem."
- The Bad Guy Wins: Half way through the movie the Green Goblin has accomplished all his goals, only a vague "just imagine what we could do if Spider-Man joined us" is given to sustain the film's main conflict.
- Bastard Boyfriend: Harry. Though not that extreme, but he was pretty controlling to Mary Jane. When he called to know if he's okay, he wants to give her flowers, she said he didn't have to, but he said he wants to in a kind of tone. During Thanksgiving, he tries to make her presentable for his dad. Later, after he leaves and quietly insults her to Harry, she heard what he said and calls him a "creep". Harry was angry at her for calling his dad that, and as she leaves, he tells her to watch what she says.
- Berserk Button: Green Goblin threatens to have a "hell of a time" with MJ. Spider-Man responds by dropping a brick wall on him, and after subsequently tackling him, he repeatedly punches the Goblin in the face and knocks him down only to be propped back up for another hit to the face.
- Big Bad: Norman Osborn/The Green Goblin of course!
- Big Brother Instinct: Meta example, but among the Bus Full of Innocents, his brother is one of them.
- The Big Damn Kiss: The famous upside down in the rain scene. They repeat it. It is reprised in the third movie, only with Gwen Stacy on the receiving end.
- Bill... Bill... Junk... Bill...: J. Jonah Jameson's opinion of Peter's photos is: "Crap... Crap... Megacrap."
- Blatant Lies:
- Most of Jameson's ideas for stories about Spider-Man. Because, "If he doesn't want to famous? Then I'll make him INfamous!"
- Also when scamming Peter when he gets his pics of Spider-Man. When he is the only person that can get pics clearer than 50ft away, he dismisses them as garbage just so he can pay less to get them where any other publishing company would have paid 100 times as much.
- Uncle Ben of all people, pulls this. Looking for an excuse to get some time to talk to Peter, he offers to drive him to the library, and when Peter demurs, Uncle Ben says "I need the exercise."
- Board to Death: The Green Goblin pumpkin bombs the OsCorp board of executives.
- Book Ends: "Who am I?"
- Boring but Practical: Peter defeats Bonesaw by simply kicking him a few times straight in the face (without any fancy moves) and ultimately kicking him in the bars of the cage. He also beats the crap out of the carjacker by simply slamming his head into some windows.
- Bullet Time: Peter's Spider-Sense is portrayed this way.
- Butt Monkey: Peter. The opening sequence really rubs it in: he's such a dork that even the bus driver laughs at his misfortunes! About the only people who treat him with any respect are Mary Jane and Harry.
- Calling Your Attacks: When Peter is trying to figure out how he shot web, he tries out various hand gestures and phrases, including "Up, up and away, web!" and "Shazam!"
- The Cameo:
- Lucy Lawless as the redheaded woman in the "man on the street" segment, as a favor to Sam Raimi (who was the Executive Producer of Xena: Warrior Princess).
- The couple at the World Unity Festival with their backs to the camera when Peter pulled them to safety by using his web? The man was reportedly Nicholas Hammond, Friedrich Von Trapp from The Sound of Music and Spider-Man from the '70s TV show.
- Captain Obvious: The socially-inept Peter to Betty Brantnote at the Bugle:Peter: (while wearing a 35mm camera around his neck) I'm a photographer.
Betty: (beat) Yeah... I can see that.
- Card-Carrying Villain: A somewhat... jarring variant where the Green Goblin makes Aunt May finish the Lord's Prayer.Aunt May: Deliver us...
Green Goblin: (dramatic entrance) FINISH IT!!
Aunt May: From EEEVIL!
- Ceiling Cling: Peter does this twice to hide from attention at the Thanksgiving party.
- Celebrity Paradox: Aunt May briefly tells Peter "You're not Superman, you know!", and Peter half-jokingly yells out "Up, up, and away!" and "Shazam" when he's trying to figure out how to fire his web. This seems to imply that DC Comics exists in the movie's universe — but it makes you wonder what it would look like in a world without Marvel Comics. Would they have a running rivalry with a different company? Would they change their superhero characters to accommodate changing tastes in the '60s? Did Stan Lee and Jack Kirby ever get into the comics business? If not, did DC ever publish New Gods?
- Cheap Costume: Peter's first costume that he wore to the wrestling match well... it looks like something a high-school student would make in his spare time. After it gets mocked he inexplicably makes his very, very nice-looking costume for the rest of the film.
- Cigar Chomper: J. Jonah Jameson is never seen without a cigar.
- Color-Coded for Your Convenience: Inverted at the Thanksgiving scene; Norman wears red and blue (Spider-Man's colors) and Peter is wearing green (the Green Goblin's colors).
- Comically Missing the Point: J. Jonah Jameson's response to Peter's complaints about the Daily Bugle's portrayal of Spider-Man:Peter: Spider-Man wasn't trying to attack the city, he was trying to save it. That's slander!
Jameson: It is not! I resent that. Slander is spoken. In print it's libel.
- Comic Book Movies Don't Use Codenames:
- Averted with Spider-Man and the Green Goblin. Cleverly, it is J. Jonah Jameson who gives the Green Goblin his moniker, to sensationalize their battle and sell papers.Jameson: Hoffman, call the patent office, copyright the name "Green Goblin". I want a quarter every time somebody says it!
- Spidey got his after the NYWL ring announcer decided that "The Human Spider" was a terrible ring name. Peter wisely just went with it (after he won the match).Ring Announcer: If he can withstand 3 minutes in the cage with "Bonesaw McGraw," the sum of $3,000 will be paid to... (to Peter) What's your name, kid?
Peter: The Human Spider.
Announcer: The Human Spider? That's it? That's the best you've got?
Peter: Yeah.
Announcer: Aww, that sucks. (to crowd) The sum of $3,000 will be paid to... the terrifying, the deadly... THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN!!!
Peter: My name's "The Human Spider!"
Stagehand: I don't care, get out there.
Peter: No, he got my name wrong!
Stagehand: GET OUT THERE, YOU MORON! (shove)
- CPR (Clean, Pretty, Reliable): Dr. Stromm immediately begins administering CPR after Norman's heart stops. Of course, he's giving him sideways chest compressions from a standing position and it only takes TWO to restart Norman's heart again. Then again, that's not what actually got Norman's heart fired up again.
- Curse Cut Short: The "cut to another scene variation" happens during the first montage of Spider-Man in action.Woman: (about Spider-Man) He has those tights and that tight little—
(hard cut to a man in a subway station playing the old TV series theme song on his guitar)note
- Cut Himself Shaving: It was a bike messenger cutting Peter off, I swear!
- Dark Reprise: The whole sequence where Peter furiously chases Dennis Carradine is a darker rendition of the earlier idealistic sequence where Peter first climbed walls, roof jumped and webslinged.
- Deer in the Headlights: The kid about to be crushed by the float is an extremely over the top example, to the point where Spidey himself chides him for not moving.
- Defiant Stone Throw: The people pelting Green Goblin on the Queensboro Bridge.
- Desperate Object Catch: An early demonstration of Peter's enhanced reflexes is when he catches a thrown lunch tray and its contents.
- Dope Slap: Goblin gives Spidey a small one during their talk on the roof.
- Dull Surprise: Used brilliantly with The Green Goblin immediately before his impalement: "Oh."
- Early-Bird Cameo:
- In a sense: Curt Connors is name-dropped as one of Peter's professors. The second film, of course, builds on this, by actually showing him.
- Also, in a bizarre coincidence, Eddie Brock appears in the novelization, also written in 2002 and yet described much like Topher Grace would portray him as five years later. Which is still rather funny. In an early scene, Robbie Robertson mentions how a photographer named "Eddie" has been "on it" — trying to get Spidey pics — all week. But in Spider-Man 3, Eddie is mentioned as the new guy.
- Everyone Can See It: Played rather darkly. Aunt May tells Peter that everyone else can see how much Peter cares about Mary Jane, which makes Peter realize, to his utter horror, that she's a likely target for the Green Goblin.
- Evil Is Hammy: Green Goblin is delightfully hamtastic.
- Evil Laugh: ... complete with an evil laugh.
- Failure Montage: Peter's How Do I Shot Web? moment.
- Family-Unfriendly Death: When Green Goblin throws one of his pumpkin bombs at the bystanders, they get disintegrated into skeletons.
- Famous Last Words: "Don't tell Harry."
- Flat "What.": By Norman Osborn, upon being told by the board that Oscorp is going to be sold.
- Foreshadowing: Harry, at the Thanksgiving party: "If I'm lucky, I'll become half of what [my father] is!"
- For the Evulz: Crossing over with Motive Decay, the Green Goblin's plans to "rule with Spider-Man" seem very... vague. At first, he's doing things that Osborn wants done (killing the executives and a rival project), but then it devolves into villainy for villainy's sake.
- Genre Savvy: Arguably, the Green Goblin. His dialogue suggests that he's treating Spider-Man like someone who wants to play comic book superhero and is trying to prove to him that heroic actions are foolish and self-defeating.
- Groin Attack:
- Halfway through the movie, Mary Jane is attacked by a couple of thugs from within an alleyway and she's able to kick one of them in the family jewels before Spider-Man arrives to defeat them and save her.
- Also for the gorier scene, at the end of first film during Norman Osborn's death, it looks like his glider's blade impaled him right in that spot.
- Growing Muscles Sequence: The spider bite gave Peter an instant buff-up, something that didn't happen in the comics.
- Hammy Herald: The deliciously hammy wrestling announcer, played by Bruce Campbell. Who gets cameos in the next two films.
- A Handful for an Eye: Spider-Man concludes his first encounter with the Green Goblin this way, blinding him with a web-shot to the face and distracting him long enough for Spidey to damage the glider badly enough that the Goblin has to retreat.
- Heroic Bystander: Stan Lee's cameo. In both this and the second movie, he pulls people away from pieces of falling buildings.
- Heroic Second Wind: Peter gets one in the final fight.
- Hoist by His Own Petard: Norman ends up impaling himself with his own goblin glider.
- How Do I Shot Web?: Arguably the Trope Namer, as we see in Peter's first roofhopping scene. Peter still struggled with swinging when he was chasing the carjacker.
- Insane Troll Logic: The Goblin's attempt to persuade Peter that they shouldn't cause massive property destruction "over and over again in selfish battle" conveniently ignores that he causes that even without Spider-Man's intervention.
- Insistent Terminology: When Peter Parker finds out J. Jonah Jameson is putting out a front-page story claiming Spider-Man attacked the city:Peter: Spider Man wasn't trying to attack the city...he was trying to save it. That's slander.
Jameson: It is not! I resent that! (beat) Slander is spoken. In print, it's libel.
- Ironic Echo:
- Peter has been conned by the wrestling event's promoter, who informs him, "I missed the part where that's my problem." After the robber steals the guy's money and Peter lets the guy get away, he says this back to the manager.
- "Don't tell Harry." is also a line repeated throughout the movie.
- When General Slocum visits the Oscorp factories, Dr. Stromm informs him that they need to take the entire product line "back to formula" due to the unstable nature of the performance enhancers. When Norman reawakens after being injected with the serum, the first thing he says as he prepares to throttle Dr. Stromm is, "Back to formula?"
- "You're out, Norman." "Am I?" at the Oscorp board meeting when the directors tell Norman that he's going to be fired. At the World Unity Festival, as the Goblin prepares to throw pumpkin bombs at the board members, he says "Out, am I?!"
- Ironic Nursery Rhyme: The Itsy Bitsy Spider.
- I Surrender, Suckers: When a police officer accosts the Goblin during his attack in Times Square, he says, "I surrender!" then knocks out the officer. Spidey is Genre Savvy enough to see it coming and manages to get in an "Oh no" before it happens.
- Jerk with a Heart of Gold: J. Jonah Jameson. Although he is shown to be incredibly rude to Peter and knowingly produces libel against Spider-Man, he lies to the Green Goblin about the identity of Spidey's photographer in order to protect Peter.
- Jump Scare: The first time we see Norman after he becomes the Green Goblin but before learning of his alternate personality, he has a brief second-long flash of the Goblin, leaving the Goblin loudly laughing and staring at the viewers up close before it cuts back to regular Norman.
- Large Ham:
- Both Willem Dafoe and J.K. Simmons.
- Randy Savage, arguably the greatest ham-slicer in wrestling history, wants you to know that BONESAWWWW IS RRRRREADYYYYYY!
- Laser-Guided Karma: Norman spends the entire movie being kind of a dick even when he's not Green Goblin. His last speech to Peter, appealing to Peter's emotions and hoping to play on his need for a father figure, fails completely and he gets killed by his own glider.
- Like a Weasel: Harry pulls this while trying to flirt with Mary Jane at the spider laboratory.
- The Man in the Mirror Talks Back: At least one Norman Osborn / Green Goblin dialogue/monologue is done via this.
- Mook Horror Show: Peter pulls this trope on the man who killed Uncle Ben.
- Mundane Made Awesome: Peter Parker designs his superhero costume in a montage, complete with his notes ("Needs more color"), newspaper ads for the car of his dreams and the wrestling match, an image of a smiling Mary Jane, and Danny Elfman's themes; this scene segues into Peter's shooting his web in his room, with more Elfman music.
- Nonchalant Dodge: When Flash Thompson tries to pick a fight with Peter, Pete's new Super Reflexes are depicted by showing everything except him in slow motion. Which is so slow that he is able to dodge the punch, look at Flash in surprise and confusion, then back to the fist, all in what appears to be less than a half-second of real time.
- Odd Friendship: Harry and Peter who are best friends despite coming from complete polar-opposite backgrounds. Subtext would indicate that they bonded over having lost parents and being respective outcasts among their peers, Harry being the Lonely Rich Kid and Peter being a Hollywood Nerd. Harry also implies in the second film that Peter initially may have been his tutor, as he credits him with "single-handedly getting me through High School Science."
- Oh, Crap:
- Or in Osborn's case: "Oh."
- Also the look on Dr. Stromm's face when, after turning around, he finds a single hand clenched around his face and that that hand belongs to a very, very pissed off Norman Osborn, who until just recently was believed to have suffered a terminal heart attack. "Back to formula?"
- Peter when he hears May screaming about yellow eyes while at the hospital."He knows who I am."
- Opening Monologue: "Who am I? You sure you want to know? The story of my life is not for the faint of heart..."
- The Paragon: Spider-Man's efforts got ordinary citizens to help in the climax.
- Parting Words Regret: Part of the tragedy of Ben's death is that his and Peter's parting was less than amicable.
- Pet the Dog:
- New Yorkers are generally giant jerks to Spider-Man until the scene where Green Goblin tries to kill a bunch of children, then stop Spider-Man from saving them. The assorted crowd on the bridge throw pipes and assorted debris at him.
- Similarly, J. Jonah Jameson is all Mean Boss around everybody until Green Goblin flies in through the window looking for Peter just after Peter's left the room. Jameson insists that Peter's never even gone to the Bugle office even as the Goblin is strangling him. That last is pretty characteristic; news editors and journalists get pumped for their sources all the time. Still a fairly standout Pet the Dog moment, though.
- Pro Wrestling Is Real: The first film depicted wrestling as real as a direct adaptation of his origin story. In that world, Spider-Man beat a wrestler named Bonesaw McGraw, played by the late "Macho Man" Randy Savage. Furthermore "The Disciplinarian" Kristen Davidson and "Jungle Grrl" Erica Porter played Bonesaw's managers, throwing him weapons to hit Spider-man with to try and keep him from lasting to the time limit. This is actually a(n unrealistic) depiction of "hooking", in which a wrestler would challenge local competitors to last a certain amount of time in the ring with him, beating them handily while making it look like they actually stood a chance of lasting to the time limit so more contestants would put up money to try. If the wrestler might actually be in danger of losing he would "cheat" (hence the managers). Hooking only worked because it happened in the age when people bought into kayfabe, which was long exposed by the time of this movies release (and steel cages were not involved).
- Real Life Writes the Plot: The reaction to the 9/11 terrorist attacks was responsibile for adding the scene in which New York citizens rally together to verbally attack the Goblin.
- Romantic Rain: Near the end of the movie, there is the famous upside-down kiss between Mary Jane and Peter Parker as Spider-Man in the rain.
- Roof Hopping: The scene is so iconic, even Kick-Ass used the same set as a direct homage.
- Rousseau Was Right: The moment when the citizens of New York prove the Green Goblin wrong once and for all by not turning against Spider-Man was the true dramatic climax of the film. After that point, the final fight with the Goblin was pretty much all a Foregone Conclusion.
- Sadistic Choice: Goblin. The Trope Namer. He offers Spider-Man the choice between saving the girl or the Bus Full of Innocents.
- Same Language Dub: Bruce Campbell voiced the injured wrestler that Peter walked by before going in the ring to fight Bonesaw.
- Save the Day, Turn Away: Ends on a really textbook example of one, with Peter not getting the girl.
- Scare Chord:
- A scene with Norman talking to the Goblin's spirit features a chord that's rather jarring in its loudness.
- Also when Harry finds his dad slumped over in the living room and is trying to help him figure out what had happened the night before (it being, of course, Norman as the Goblin killing General Slocum and others trying to drive him out of business). The chord in question is used as part of a Jump Scare, accompanied by a split-second shot of Norman seizing during the experiment that gave him his powers.Norman: ...last night I was —
(QUICK SHOT)
Harry: ...what?
Norman: ...I don't remember...
- Secret Identity Apathy:.
- Seriously Scruffy: Discussed; Aunt May remarks that Peter is so busy that he often leaves his room untidy.
- Sexy Soaked Shirt: The famous kiss scene in the rain, where Kirsten Dunst's shirt is fairly sheer, and very wet.
- Single-Target Sexuality: Peter only has eyes for MJ ever. He develops a crush on her before he's "even supposed to like girls" and never shows interest in anyone else. Even the one time he takes the sweet gorgeous super model from his physics class on a date is to make MJ jealous (and he was under the corrupting alien influence of Venom when he did that). Before that incident, he's so oblivious to that possibility that it never occurs to him that privately tutoring Gwen could make MJ upset or jealous.
- Smooch of Victory: Mary Jane gives Spider-Man a kiss after he saves her from a gang of would-be rapists.
- Spared by the Adaptation: Sort of. Mary Jane never died in the comics, but the girlfriend that got thrown off the bridge by the Green Goblin, which MJ takes on the role of, did.
- Split-Personality Makeover: Norman Osborn and the Green Goblin. The difference between the two is huge, but it's done entirely with facial expression, vocal mannerisms, and body language!
- Staring Kid: The kid gawking at falling debris that Spidey had to save during his fight with the Green Goblin.
- Stripped to the Bone: Goblin's pumpkin bombs... sometimes. The effects of the bombs are inconsistent.
- Sword Limbo: With Green Goblin's flying blades.
- Take a Third Option: The bridge scene. The Goblin tells Spider-Man to make a choice — save Mary Jane, or passengers on the Roosevelt Island Tramway. He makes a move that saves both.
- Talking to Themself: Norman talks to his alternate personality in a mirror.
- Thematic Theme Tune: "Hero", written by Chad Kroeger and sung by him and Josey Scott.
- Too Dumb to Live: The kid at the Festival, who stands like a Deer in the Headlights as the large globe falls towards him. Even Peter shows irritation that he's not running.Peter: C'mon, move kid!
- We Can Rule Together: "Join me!" says the Goblin. Spider-Man takes a pass.
- What Happened to the Mouse?: After Peter gets bitten, he flicks the spider away and we see it crawl under some cabinets. While in the background, we hear Mary-Jane inform them that it's missing, we never do find out what happened, or if there is a random genetically altered Spider that can give people super-powers still at large in New York City? Though in nearly every version of Spidey's origin, the spider dies after biting him. Even with the change from radioactive contamination to genetic engineering, it's reasonable to assume the spider never made it very far.
- White Gang-Bangers: The Attempted Rape scene.
- Would Hurt a Child: The Goblin uses a literal carload of them in a Sadistic Choice for Spidey that he hopes results in their death.
- Wrong Insult Offence: J. Jonah Jameson resents being accused of slander. In print, it's libel.Everybody remembers his first time. Nobody talks about William S. Burroughs’s Naked Lunch, which celebrated its fiftieth birthday this past November (dated from its 1959 publication in Paris by Maurice Girodias’s infamous Olympia Press) without indulging in a dreamily solipsistic nostalgia trip. Lewis Jones, in the London Spectator: “When I first read Naked Lunch, as a teenager sleeping rough in a Greek olive grove . . . “; Barry Miles, the author of a hilariously credulous Burroughs biography (El Hombre Invisible) and co-editor of this commemorative volume, on a Columbia University panel: “I was living in this hippie commune apartment in London. . . . The book completely knocked me out, the epitome of stoned humor and bohemian subversion.”
I’ll join in the fun. I first encountered Naked Lunch in eighth grade, in the backseat of my parents’ car — a clear-cut case of child abuse by neglect. I’d purchased it on a family outing to Waldenbooks, a store which, it’s interesting to note, mostly traffics in kitten calendars and “Cathy” bookmarks. “Please,” I thought, “don’t let Mom ask to see this.” You could read any page at random — as Burroughs essentially intended, once insisting in a letter, underscored, and in all caps, that it wasn’t a novel — and get sick to your stomach. “Junk sick,” as Burroughs would say, in another context.
Why is “Where were you when . . . ,” a question for assassinations and catastrophes, so often asked with respect to this book? Maybe because reading Naked Lunch is an act of violence to one’s psyche. Jack Kerouac, who suggested the book’s title (based on a misreading of the phrase “naked lust”) and typed up the manuscript, claimed it gave him nightmares. Good for him, or at least for his unconscious mind. There is something gratingly adolescent about those who insist on the essential humor of a work replete with violent interspecies pornography (“The Mugwump pushes a slender blond youth to a couch and strips him expertly”); fetishistic descriptions of putrefaction and disease (“[h]e’s got a prolapsed asshole and when he wants to get screwed he’ll pass you his ass on three feet of in-tes-tine”); and general nastiness (“Did I ever tell you about the man who taught his asshole to talk?”).
The book is very occasionally funny, in a Mickey Spillane meets the Marquis de Sade kind of way, but its savage imagery, non-linearity, repetition, and plotlessness make it something worse than nightmarish — they make it boring, even embarrassing. There are frequent authorial intrusions along the lines of “Note: Catnip smells like marijuana when it burns. Frequently passed on the incautious or uninstructed.” The reader begins to feel like a babysitter whose young charge is describing an R-rated movie he was accidentally allowed to see. In Burroughs’s case, the movie is about opiate addiction, which he deliberately cultivated over a lifetime, perhaps for something to write about.
Burroughs the man was as awful as he was beloved. He enjoyed a very comfortable upbringing in St. Louis — his grandfather invented the adding machine — and received an allowance for much of his life, but petulantly insisted “we were not rich.” He had a son he didn’t take care of, whose mother, Joan Vollmer, he’d shot dead in a drunken game of “William Tell.” Adding insult to murder, he spent much of his writing life glorifying the incident, imagining that a so-called Ugly Spirit had invaded him and forced his hand. He even attempted a kitschy sweat lodge “exorcism” late in life, described in nauseatingly approving detail in the Miles biography.
Burroughs is often said to have exerted a major influence on popular culture. This seems limited to the fact that his work is alluded to in a Joy Division song (“Interzone,” named for a setting in Naked Lunch); that he has a brief role in Gus Van Sant’s Drugstore Cowboy (1989); that he has an even briefer cameo in a U2 video; and that the rock group Steely Dan is named after a dildo featured in Naked Lunch.
It is unthinkable that Burroughs’s writing had a significant influence on anyone above high-school age. Naked Lunch is ostensibly about addiction and “control”; Burroughs and his myrmidons have even argued that the pornographic leitmotif of hanging represents a Swiftian satire of capital punishment — nice try. Really, it is about shock for shock’s sake, as is apparent to the precocious young people to whom it tends to appeal, and as is doubly apparent in the fact that it is remembered by readers as a sensation rather than in terms of its contents. Nobody will quote Naked Lunch, not even its scabrous Dr. Benway, as literature — if at all, it will be as an inside joke.
Naked Lunch is one of those regrettable works that must be defended on the grounds that it does well what it set out to do, with no consideration given to whether what it set out to do is worth doing. It is very like a nightmare — so? Its vocabulary is pathetically limited, with “insect,” “erectile,” and “atrophied” appearing as adjectives over and over again, whether or not they make any sense; its stunted imagination reaches reflexively to drug culture and medical or anthropological gross-out lore. Its satire is all telegraphic, all punchline: just because you have a loudmouth Southern sheriff or a big-city detective, doesn’t mean you’ve said anything useful or interesting about racism or due-process violations.
Burroughs is one of those figures whose intelligence is overestimated because, slight though it is, it contrasts sharply with his outrageous public persona. Even on the subject of narcotics, the one thing he should be expected to understand, he’s hopelessly muddled. His “Letter from a Master Addict to Dangerous Drugs,” printed in The British Journal of Addiction, Vol. 53, No. 2, and appended to this and to other editions of Naked Lunch, seems oblivious to the fact that a sample pool of one person is not medically valuable. And he writes in “Deposition: Testimony Concerning a Sickness” that “[t]he junk virus is public health problem number one of the world today” (emphasis his), only to pretend three decades later, in “Afterthoughts on a Deposition,” that he was referring to “anti-drug hysteria . . . a deadly threat to personal freedoms.” This is a shameless distortion of his unambiguous previous message. It reveals what has been evident to many readers all along: Burroughs was always ready with high-minded defenses of his work, which could only elicit one aesthetic response: revulsion.
Still, Naked Lunch serves a very valuable and reliable purpose. Get to it early enough, somewhere between the Hardy Boys and Holden Caulfield, and the fatigue and tedium will inoculate you against all sorts of intellectual malfeasance. You’ll never swallow the line that obscenity is a hallmark of genius, or that the road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom (usually it leads to the palace of excess, except when it leads to the hovel of incomprehensibility). Dismiss Burroughs as a pull-my-finger bore and you’re ready to dismiss Matthew Barney, Damien Hirst, the Chapman Brothers, Jonathan Littell, and a host of others too dull to mention.
“I am not an entertainer,” Burroughs wrote in 1959. You can sure as hell say that again.The usually hysterical Connolly plays it straight this time around, taking on the part of a disturbed Catholic priest--despite his real-life atheism. Incidentally, Connolly also played the title role in Fido, in case you didn't recognize him under all that makeup (and yes, he was also Howard Hesseman's replacement on Head of the Class.)
According to The Independent, the part of Father Joe was specifically written by Chris Carter with Connolly in mind. Check out the interview here.
1 comment:
a movie based in this excellent TV program, wow if the first one was a total success just think in another like this, X-files was my favorite TV show.Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II and His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh visited Herefordshire and Worcestershire on Wednesday, July 11, 2012, as part of Her Majesty’s Diamond Jubilee celebrations.
Click the links below to watch a video and to read an article about today’s visit from BBC News.
- VIDEO (13:12 mins)
- VIDEO 2
- Gallery One
Source: BBC NewsCoach
10-12-2012, 07:07 PM
Washington (foot) was limited in practice and is "questionable," as is cornerback (and former Viking) Cedric Griffin (hamstring). Vikings defensive end Everson Griffen will play on Sunday despite the tragic and sudden loss of his mother this week. " My mom, she would have wanted me to come back ," Griffen said via Tom Pelissero of 1500ESPN.com. "Becoming a man, I've got a family on the way, just got engaged, so it's not about me no more. It's about my family soon to be and my family I've got right now -- my brother, my dad, my stepdad -- just keeping them strong and keeping them going. That's why my mom made me so strong, to help the rest of the family out." The Vikings will be without safety Mistral Raymond, who is "out" with an ankle injury. Linebacker Marvin Mitchell is "doubtful" with a calf. Tight end Aaron Hernandez (ankle) is among 14 members of the New England Patriots who are listed as "questionable" on the final injury report of the week. Hernandez has missed the last three weeks with a right ankle injury that was projected to keep him out for around six weeks. Hernandez has been practicing on a limited basis, but did not do so on Friday. Reports out of the Patriots locker room had Hernandez's gear packed for the long flight to the Pacific Northwest to face the Seattle Seahawks, but it would be a surprise if he actually suited up on Sunday.* Other Patriots listed as "questionable" this week are tight end Rob Gronkowski (hip), Pro Bowl guard Logan Mankins (hip), right tackle Sebastian Vollmer (back, knee), linebacker Dont'a Hightower (hamstring), running back Brandon Bolden (knee) and wide receiver Julian Edelman (hand). The Patriots have ruled safety Steve Gregory and former Seahawks linebacker Tracy White (foot) out for the game. For the Seahawks, starting center Max Unger (hip) returned to practice on Friday and is listed as "probable" on the injury report. With the Seahawks playing two games in a span of five days (they travel to the San Francisco 49ers next Thursday night) they may have wanted to limit Unger's workload this week. Running back Marshawn Lynch is also listed as "probable" with a back injury that limited him during Wednesday's practice.
More... (*http%3A//sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nfl-shutdown-corner/robert-griffin-aaron-hernandez-headline-nfl-week-6-222012686--nfl.html)
More... (*http%3A//sports.yahoo.com/blogs/nfl-shutdown-corner/robert-griffin-aaron-hernandez-headline-nfl-week-6-222012686--nfl.html)Bridge pier scour mitigation under steady and unsteady flow conditions
- Ali Tafarojnoruz,
- Roberto Gaudio,
- Francesco Calomino
- … show all 3 hide
* Final gross prices may vary according to local VAT.Get Access
Abstract
Watercourse morphology is affected by local scouring when the flow interferes with anthropic structures. Controlling the scour hole size is of predominant importance to guarantee bridge safety as well as to limit the variations of river morphology. A combined countermeasure against bridge pier scour is proposed and tested in order to reduce the maximum scour depth and deviate it away from the bridge foundation. In the first part of the laboratory campaign, combination of two countermeasures (bed-sill and collar) was evaluated for a circular pier under clear-water and live-bed steady flow conditions. The proposed combined countermeasure exhibited an efficiency of about 64% in terms of scour depth reduction. Afterwards, it was tested in unsteady flow conditions, first for a circular pier, then in the case of a rectangular pier with round nose and tail, two circular in-line piers and two rectangular in-line piers, under a hydrograph with a peak flow velocity slightly above the threshold condition of sediment motion. Results showed that the combined countermeasure had an efficiency of about 63% for a single circular pier; however, higher efficiency (about 75%) was obtained in applications to rectangular pier and two in-line circular or rectangular piers.
- Cardoso, A.H., Bettess, R. (1999) Effects of time and channel geometry on scour at bridge abutments. J. Hydraul. Eng. 125: pp. 388-399 CrossRef
- Cardoso, A.H., Calomino, F., Gaudio, R., Bettess, R., Roca Collell, M. (2010) Rischio idraulico ed erosivo in corrispondenza di punti singolari. Università della Calabria, Dipartimento di Difesa del Suolo “V. Marone”, Rende (CS), Italy
- Chang, W.Y., Lai, J.S., Yen, C.L. (2004) Evolution of scour depth at circular bridge piers. J. Hydraul. Eng. 130: pp. 905-913 CrossRef
- Chiew, Y.M. (1992) Scour protection at bridge piers. J. Hydraul. Eng. 118: pp. 1260-1269 CrossRef
- Chiew, Y.M. (1995) Mechanics of riprap failure at bridge piers. J. Hydraul. Eng. 121: pp. 635-643 CrossRef
- Chiew, Y.M., Lim, F.H. (2000) Failure behavior of riprap layer at bridge piers under live-bed conditions. J. Hydraul. Eng. 126: pp. 43-55 CrossRef
- Chiew, Y.M., Lim, S.Y. (2003) Protection of bridge piers using a sacrificial sill. P.I. Civil Eng. Mar. En. 156: pp. 53-62
- Chiew, Y.M., Melville, B.W. (1987) Local scour around bridge piers. J. Hydraul. Res. 25: pp. 15-26 CrossRef
- Ettema, R. (1980) Scour at Bridge Piers. Rep. No. 216. School of Engineering, University of Auckland, Auckland, New Zealand
- Garde, R.J. (1970) Initiation of motion on a hydrodynamically rough surface. Critical velocity approach. Irrig. Power 27: pp. 271-282
- Gaudio, R., Marion, A., Bovolin, V. (2000) Morphological effects of bed sills in degrading rivers. J. Hydraul. Res. 38: pp. 89-96 CrossRef
- Gaudio, R., Tafarojnoruz, A., Calomino, F. (2012) Combined flow-altering countermeasures against bridge pier scour. J. Hydraul. Res. 50: pp. 35-43 CrossRef
- Goncharov, V.N. (1964) Dynamics of Channel Flow. Israel Programme for Scientific Translation, Moscow
- Grimaldi, C., Gaudio, R., Calomino, F., Cardoso, A.H. (2009) Control of scour at bridge piers by a downstream bed sill. J. Hydraul. Eng. 135: pp. 13-21 CrossRef
- Grimaldi, C., Gaudio, R., Calomino, F., Cardoso, A.H. (2009) Countermeasures against local scouring at bridge piers: slot and combined system of slot and bed sill. J. Hydraul. Eng. 135: pp. 425-431 CrossRef
- Hamill, L. (1999) Bridge Hydraulics. E and FN Spon., Routledge, London CrossRef
- Khosronejad, A., Kang, S., Sotiropoulos, F. (2012) Experimental and computational investigation of local scour around bridge piers. Adv. Water Resour. 37: pp. 73-85 CrossRef
- Kothyari, U.C., Garde, R.J., Ranga Raju, K.G. (1992) Temporal variation of scour around circular bridge piers. J. Hydraul. Eng. 118: pp. 1091-1106 CrossRef
- Lai, J.S., Chang, W.Y., Yen, C.L. (2009) Maximum local scour depth at bridge piers under unsteady flow. J. Hydraul. Eng. 135: pp. 609-614 CrossRef
- Lenzi, M.A., Marion, A., Comiti, F. (2003) Interference processes on scouring at bed sills. Earth Surf. Proc. Land. 28: pp. 99-110 CrossRef
- Martín-Vide, J.P., Andreatta, A. (2009) Channel degradation and slope adjustment in steep streams controlled through bed sills. Earth Surf. Proc. Land. 34: pp. 38-47 CrossRef
- Mashahir, M.B., Zarrati, A.R., Rezayi, M.J. (2004) Time development of scouring around a bridge pier protected by collar. Proc. 2nd Int. Conf. Scour and Erosion, Nanyang, Singapore, 14–17 November 2004. Stallion Press, Singapore
- Mashahir, M.B., Zarrati, A.R., Mokallaf, E. (2010) Application of riprap and collar to prevent scouring around rectangular bridge piers. J. Hydraul. Eng. 136: pp. 183-187 CrossRef
- Melville, B.W., Chiew, Y.M. (1999) Time Scale for local scour at bridge piers. J. Hydraul. Eng. 125: pp. 59-65 CrossRef
- Melville, B.W., Coleman, S.E. (2000) Bridge Scour. Water Resources Publications, Littleton, CO
- Moncada-M, A.T., Aguirre-PE, J., BolÍvar, J.C., Flores, E.J. (2009) Scour protection of circular bridge piers with collars and slots. J. Hydraul. Res. 47: pp. 119-126 CrossRef
- Monti, R. (1994) Indagine sperimentale delle caratteristiche fluidodinamiche del campo di moto intorno ad una pila circolare. Tesi di Dottorato di Ricerca, Politecnico di Milano, Milan, Italy
- Tafarojnoruz, A. (2010) Flow-altering countermeasures against local scour at bridge piers. Scuola di Dottorato “Pitagora” in Scienze Ingegneristiche, Università della Calabria, Rende (CS), Italy
- Tafarojnoruz, A., Gaudio, R., Dey, S. (2010) Flow-altering countermeasures against scour at bridge piers: a review. J. Hydraul. Res. 48: pp. 441-452 CrossRef
- Tafarojnoruz, A., R. Gaudio, C. Grimaldi, and F. Calomino (2010b), Required conditions to achieve the maximum local scour depth at a circular pier. In: Proc. XXXII Convegno Nazionale di Idraulica e Costruzioni Idrauliche, 14–17 September 2010, Palermo, Italy, Farina, Palermo.
- Tafarojnoruz, A., Gaudio, R., Calomino, F. (2012) Evaluation of flow-altering countermeasures against bridge pier scour. J. Hydraul. Eng. 138: pp. 297-305 CrossRef
- Tanaka, S., Yano, M. (1967) Local scour around a circular cylinder. Hydraulic Research: Proc. 12th IAHR Congress, Fort Collins, Colorado 3: pp. 193-201
- Tregnaghi, M., Marion, A., Coleman, S. (2009) Scouring at bed sills as a response to flash floods. J. Hydraul. Eng. 135: pp. 466-475 CrossRef
- Unger, J., Hager, W.H. (2006) Riprap failure at circular bridge piers. J. Hydraul. Eng. 132: pp. 354-362 CrossRef
- Zarrati, A.R., Gholami, H., Mashahir, M.B. (2004) Application of collar to control scouring around rectangular bridge piers. J. Hydraul. Res. 42: pp. 97-103 CrossRef
- Zarrati, A.R., Nazariha, M., Mashahir, M.B. (2006) Reduction of local scour in the vicinity of bridge pier groups using collars and riprap. J. Hydraul. Eng. 132: pp. 154-162 CrossRef
- Zarrati, A.R., Chamani, M.R., Shafaie, A., Latifi, M. (2010) Scour countermeasures for cylindrical piers using riprap and combination of collar and riprap. Int. J. Sediment Res. 25: pp. 313-321 CrossRef
- Title
- Bridge pier scour mitigation under steady and unsteady flow conditions
- Journal
- Acta Geophysica
Volume 60, Issue 4 , pp 1076-1097
- Cover Date
- 2012-08-01
- DOI
- 10.2478/s11600-012-0040-x
- Print ISSN
- 1895-6572
- Online ISSN
- 1895-7455
- Publisher
- SP Versita
- Additional Links
-
- Topics
-
- Keywords
- bridge pier
- scour
- bed-sill
- countermeasure
- collar
- unsteady flow
- Industry Sectors
-
- Authors
- Ali Tafarojnoruz
(1)
- Roberto Gaudio
(1)
- Francesco Calomino
(1)
- Author Affiliations
- 1. Dipartimento di Difesa del Suolo “V. Marone”, Università della Calabria, Rende (CS), ItalyRelated Titles
- Full Description
- Job titles like “Technical Architect” and “Chief Architect” nowadays abound in software industry, yet many people suspect that “architecture” is one of the most overused and least understood terms in professional software development. Gorton.
- Table of Contents
Table of Contents
- Understanding Software Architecture.
- Introducing the Case Study.
- Software Quality Attributes.
- An Introduction to Middleware Architectures and Technologies.
- Service
- Oriented Architectures and Technologies.
- Advanced Middleware Technologies.
- A Software Architecture Process.
- Documenting a Software Architecture.
- Case Study Design.
- Middleware Case Study: MeDICi.
- Looking Forward.
- The Semantic Web.
- Aspect Oriented Architectures.
- Model
- Driven Architecture.
- Software Product Lines.
- Errata
-Bulgaria will present new evidence pointing to Hezbollah involvement in a bus bombing that killed five Israelis and a local last year, the country’s interim prime minister said Wednesday, suggesting the move should help push the European Union to label the Iran-backed group a terror organization.
Bulgaria earlier published a report laying the blame for the attack on a bus at the Burgas airport firmly on Hezbollah, but acting prime minister Marin Raikov told reporters Wednesday that some EU countries wanted to see more evidence before blacklisting the Shi’ite group.
“We will continue the investigation. We will continue to work on this very seriously, very actively. We will provide the needed evidence,” he told reporters from NATO headquarters, according to Reuters.
Earlier this month, Raikov said that Sofia would not take the lead in getting the EU to act against Hezbollah, reversing the stance of the previous government, which had published the report and urged Europe to label the group a terror organization.
Raikov was named interim prime minister in early March, after the fall of the last government over poverty and corruption allegations. New national elections are scheduled for May 12.
Bulgaria’s interior minister Tsvetan Tsvetanov announced in February that two men with links to the terrorist organization Hezbollah were implicated in the terrorist bus bombing on July 19 at the airport in Burgas, which targeted a bus of Israeli tourists and left five Israelis and their Bulgarian bus driver dead.
Hezbollah also financed the bomb attack on the bus, according to the Bulgarian investigation.
US and Israeli officials have said the EU should blacklist Hezbollah. Its inclusion would make it illegal for Hezbollah sympathizers in Europe to send money to the group, which the United States and Israel list as terrorist.
Earlier this week, Bahrain’s parliament passed a bill labeling Hezbollah a terror group.
Bahrain’s ruling class are mostly Sunni and reject moves by Iran, which is Hezbollah’s main patron, along with Syria.
Although the EU has considered adding Hezbollah to its list of terrorist organizations, many European governments have argued that such a move could ignite Middle East tensions.
In Bulgaria, as well, opposition groups have said that pushing to blacklist Hezbollah could open up Bulgaria to more attacks.
Israel has repeatedly urged the EU to list Hezbollah as a terrorist group.
JTA contributed to this report.The Collaborative International Dictionary of English v.0.48:
Reticulate \Re*tic"u*late\, Reticulated \Re*tic"u*la`ted\, a. [L. reticulatus. See Reticule.] 1. Resembling network; having the form or appearance of a net; netted; as, a reticulated structure. [1913 Webster] 2. Having veins, fibers, or lines crossing like the threads or fibers of a network; as, a reticulate leaf; a reticulated surface; a reticulated wing of an insect. [1913 Webster]. [1913 Webster]Gluten-Free Vegan Blondies
Total Time
Prep 10 mins
Cook 0 mins
I was going nuts looking for this recipe after having these tasties at a picnic, and found it on the Almost Vegan blog-- a versatile and simple no-bake recipe, the 5-Minute Single-Serve Blondie. There are endless variations to this, but this one is my personal favorite for being tasty-- and liquid sweetener bolstered by extra dates helps hold this together better than dry sweetener does. I use a flat round container with a 6" diameter to contain the blondie, which I then score into 4 large pieces to have for school all week. You can also double this recipe to fit into a larger rectangular container to take to parties and score into far smaller pieces.
Ingredients Nutrition
- 1 cup dry roasted salted peanut
- 4 dates (My dates were a bit small, use 3 if large or Medjool dates)
- 1 tablespoon agave nectar (I did cheat and use honey. But maple syrup works too!)
- 1⁄4 teaspoon vanilla extract
Directions
- Put the peanuts in a food processor, and do a rough chop 3-4 times.
- Add the dates one at a time, pulsing each time you add one.
- Pull the lid off, and drizzle the tablespoon of honey evenly around the date/nut mixture, followed by the vanilla.
- Leave the food processor on for about a minute, or until everything is well incorporated and sticking together.
- Scoop the mixture into a container or baking pan, and press down flat with your hands. Feel free to add some goodies, like chocolate chips or dried cranberries.
- Let set for about 10 minutes-- the bigger the batch, the longer it needs to set.
Gluten-Free Vegan BlondiesIntel's colorful workplace
Friday, April 08, 2011 6:02 PM
Randy Huff: After he fights email fires via Outlook, Randy leaves work and battles the real thing as a volunteer firefighter in Banks, Oregon. "I've been doing it for six years and I wanted to commemorate the work I do." Photo by Walden Kirsch for Intel. Text by IntelLatest Stories and Photography?
Up yours, terrorism! We’ve got a Freedom Tower now!
Chatham County jail over capacity
As of Thursday, the state Department of Corrections had 47,191 people in custody, while jails across the state held an additional 33,311 people.
County budget vote delayed
Commission decides not to raise taxes.
Neighborhood leads the way to change
Cuyler-Brownville Neighborhood Association leads the way to change the name spelling.
Historic center plans new life
The West Broad Street YMCA, founded in 1942, moved to May Street in 1969, taking the name with it.
A less than magic carpet ride
A second befuddled bid leads the Savannah City Council to kill Civic Center re-carpeting project
Savannah gets soaked
Emergency teams brace for possible more rains.
Burglary spree suspect caught
Man is charged in eight Effingham cases, and suspected of several more break-ins in three neighboring counties
Heads Up Effingham County
More rain on the way
The Weather Channel forecasts a 60 percent chance of scattered thunderstorms for this afternoon as a large weather system moves up the east coast.
Fishman: A quiet dinner with Lance Armstrong
After trying unsuccessfully to find a partner for dinner the other night, I bit the bullet and ventured out myself, looking, as always, for a place with a TV.
Attempted bank robbery foiled
A security guard and a school resource officer thwarted a bank robbery Friday morning.
Rain floods Savannah streets
Reports of street, parking lot and house flooding citywide kept emergency workers busy during heavy rain Thursday.
Diving into history
Underwater archaeologists map the 138-year-old burial site of Confederate ironclad in a prelude to possible recovery efforts.
Some Hartsfield companies operating without licenses
ATLANTA -- More than a dozen companies at Atlanta's airport are working under expired contracts or no contracts, airport officials discovered.
Effingham residents divided on wastewater treatment plan
More than 100 Effingham County residents and officials debated a $15 million wastewater treatment plan earlier this week during an often-tempestuous, three-hour meeting at the County Administrative Complex.
Local vets in Korea to help celebrate 50th anniversary of armistice
Three local Korean War veterans are in Seoul, South Korea this week to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the armistice.
Out of school, out of work
An influx of recent college and high school graduates, combined with previously discouraged workers, likely caused the Savannah-area's unemployment rate to jump a full percentage point between May and June.
Police looking for two 14-year-old cousins
Thunderbolt police are asking the public to help find two 14-year-old girls who officers say ran away with a 35-year-old man early Wednesday.
NAACP preparation for the 50th anniversary of Brown vs. Board of Education resumes this month
A second mass meeting anticipating the upcoming 50th anniversary of the death knell for segregated schools will be held July 27.
Man gets 10 years for manslaughter
William Spaulding will also have to spend five years on probation for killing Gary Brocklehurst last summer.
Last-minute county budget plan floated
Commissioners' proposal would scale back general government to fix bridge; add five police officers.
Assistant commander honored
Brig. Gen. Lloyd Austin, assistant division commander for the 3rd Infantry Division, was honored at a farewell ceremony at the Marne Club Friday night, receiving a key to Hinesville from Mayor Thomas J. Ratcliffe.
UGA library fire ruled an arson
ATHENS, Ga. -- A fire in the main library at the University of Georgia was intentionally started, the state fire commissioner ruled Thursday.
Star-gazing
Finding Mars, Saturn and other heavenly bodies a little easier, thanks to GSU programs.
Editorial: Horse sense on the heat
HORSES ARE more than tools of the trade for carriage businesses. They are why the carriage tours exist. So it makes sense that tour companies would not risk injuring or killing their primary sales tool..
Editorial: Pathway to success
If the original red-brick riverwalk on Hutchinson Island has been a scenic success, will more than doubling its size make it twice as nice?
Montreal not an easy place to play in
MONTREAL -- Braves infielder Matt Franco remembers a time -- not so long ago, in fact -- when Expos fans filled Olympic Stadium.
Savannah Panthers begin season tonight in Hinesville
It may not be the National Football League, but it is semiprofessional football and the goal is still to be the best.
Hall takes two-stroke lead in Oglethorpe Invitational
Let it be said that the Oglethorpe Invitational does not practice age discrimination, and Friday's first-round leaderboard can be entered as exhibit A.
Braves notes: Hamstring injury won't sideline Andruw Jones
Andruw Jones tweaked his left-hamstring during a brush-back pitch by Florida pitcher Brad Penny during Thursday's 5-2 win against the Marlins but insists he'll be ready to play when the Braves begin their four-game series tonight in Montreal..
These Braves are fun to watch
ATLANTA -- These Braves are downright offensive. Ain't it great?
Johnson looks sharp in his return to Falcons camp
GREENVILLE, S.C. -- Ellis Johnson wasted no time proving he hardly needs to spend a month at passing camp and another 10 weeks in the Atlanta Falcons' offseason conditioning program.
Keys to training camp
GREENVILLE, S.C. -- As the Falcons begin their fifth consecutive training camp at Furman University today, Atlanta coaches have five major problems to solve before the season kicks off Sept. 7 in Dallas..
Reeves will use preseason to keep QB Johnson in tune
GREENVILLE, S.C. -- More than two weeks before Atlanta hosts the Green Bay Packers to open the preseason, Falcons coach Dan Reeves already has a plan for how he'll rotate his quarterbacks..
Oglethorpe carries extra weight for defending champion Epperson
If ever there was an appropriate time for a repeat winner at the Oglethorpe Invitational, this year would be that time.
11th-inning wild pitch gives Expos victory
MONTREAL - Horacio Ramirez has been blessed this season with mountains of run support.
Savannah's Harman one of eight left in U.S. Junior Amateur
The fourth day of the 56th U.S. Junior Amateur Championship got twice as long and seemingly twice as warm for the Savannah players still at the Columbia Country Club in Chevy Chase, Md.
Five GSU games to be televised
Georgia Southern's football team is going to the air waves this season.
Harman one win from U.S. Junior Amateur title
CHEVY CHASE, Md. -- After five days and almost as many scares at the Columbia Country Club, Brian Harman now has a chance to do what he came here to do.
NASCAR: Earnhardt Jr., a.k.a. 'dalejr3' finds racing opponent in cyberspace
LONG POND, Pa. -- The faceless person on the other end of the Internet used the code name "dalejr3."
Guidera: Memo to Cox: Harman hasn't played best golf yet
CHEVY CHASE, Md.- Right about now, Brian Harman should not be able to contain his enthusiasm.
Racing Newsmaker Q&A with Travis Carter
Driving on the edge: Owner Travis Carter.
Sanchez takes over Mini-Stock lead with win at OSP
The Mello Yello Mini-Stocks points lead has flip-flopped for the third straight time.
OSP: Collins lashes out after suspension from OSP
The ongoing Ray Collins saga has taken another eye-opening turn -- more pronounced than the turn he and Donald Norby careened off last Friday night..
Harman advances to semifinals at U.S. Junior Amateur Championship
CHEVY CHASE, Md. -- Brian Harman didn't know the road to the U.S. Junior Amateur Championship had opened up. He just played like he did.
Gonzalez-led Asheville clobbers Savannah
Harman, Cox to meet in U.S. boys' junior final
CHEVY CHASE, Md. -- Brian Harman of Savannah made a 20-foot birdie putt on the 16th hole Friday and reached the final of the U.S. boys' junior tournament with a 3-and-2 victory.
Braves: 14 and counting
Ortiz becomes NL's first 14-game winner in 5-2 Atlanta win.
Seeger to square off against sparring partner Sandoval
Bantamweight boxer Al Seeger knows Raul Sandoval too well. And he's going to get to know him even better.
Savannah Morning News © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Privacy PolicyCan we please discuss how glorious Christmas break was? I had 4 vacation days left and I used them all up to take a full week off. It was pretty incredible. One of the highlights was going to RayLen Vineyards with one of my friends from high school.
I’d never been to a vineyard before, and I certainly didn’t know that there was one in my hometown! We started out with a wine tasting and chose the Complete Flight, made up of reds, whites, and a few special reserves. For only $10, it was a serious steal.
I liked the little animal crackers that they gave you to munch on in between glasses. Apparently they help to cleanse your palette and enhance the subtle flavors of different wines.
I’m not refined enough to recognize all of the slight differences and tiny nuances, but it was fun to get to taste some wines that I’d never tried before!
We had a little sheet with all 16 wines listed, and we rated each one on a scale of 1 t0 10. My two favorites were the 2012 Reisling (8.7) – no surprise there, Reisling is my favorite – and the 2012 Category 5 (8.5).
After the tasting we bought a bottle of Category 5 to share and headed outside to explore the vineyard.
Even though it was chilly and the vines were bare, it was still a lot of fun to walk around the grounds.
RayLen even has a lake with a little wooden dock, which made for a pretty scenic spot to sit and talk.
We stayed outside until are glasses were empty and our fingers were numb.
Herringbone vest from a recent Stitch Fix box. I owe you guys some Stitch Fix posts!
The sun was going down just as we were leaving so we were lucky enough to catch a gorgeous sunset.
Winston-Salem friends, if you’re ever looking for something fun to do, I’d highly suggest taking a trip to RayLen. I know they do all sorts of events – tours, outdoor concerts, dinners, etc… – so hopefully I’ll be back soon!
That was a beautiful day! Glad you had such a good time!
I passed that Vineyard a million times when I lived near Charlotte and would go back home to Va–always wondered about it! Looks like it’s worth a trip:)
I love wine tastings!! So much fun (and so many wines) for so cheap! That winery looks beautiful :)
Ashley recently posted..I Will Never Get Used to This
We love Raylen! It is 2 miles from my house and 4 miles from the bakery! Next time you come you should come by the bakery, have lunch (and dessert) and do a foodie post!;)
I would LOVE that! I’ll get in touch with you next time I’m in town! :)! -- End Google Fonts -->
"Soul Patrol attempts to document the past, present, and future of black music," says CEO Bob Davis. "And in the past, there was a thing called regional sound. You had a New York sound, a Philadelphia sound, a Texas sound, a Chicago sound. And you had a Cleveland sound that was as popular, if not as recognized. Cleveland is a particular place, like East meets Midwest, with a Southern influence."
John Wilson -- formerly Sly of Sly, Slick and Wicked -- hosts the two-hour program, spotlighting Northeast Ohio acts that include the O'Jays, the Sensations, and the Imperial Wonders. The new episode features a 75-minute interview with individual members of the group, including singer Bobby Massey.
"That interview is one of the things you can't get from Rolling Stone or Vibe," says Davis. "Massey was a founding member of the group for 15 years, and he left of his own volition on the brink of their international stardom with Philadelphia Records. And he's not bitter. He left to pursue a dream, to try to establish a Cleveland-based label. The fact that an African American artist did that is significant."
Based in Philadelphia, Soul Patrol was founded in 1996. The popular information archive receives three million hits a month, and Soul Patrol's broadcast site has 70,000 listeners. The shows feature other regional sounds, including a Columbus show hosted by longtime DJ E. Norman Harris. Two other Cleveland shows are available for streaming.
· Cleveland metal innovator Breaker is recording a new LP, and it also has a new track available on Eagleution: A Tribute to Saxon. Breaker recorded a cover of the seminal English metal band's "To Hell and Back Again" for the disc, which was recently released on Remedy Records. Breaker's forthcoming LP is slated for release later this year on Cleveland's long-running Auburn Records, which hopes to issue new albums, unreleased material, and expanded reissues from all its major bands this year, including Destructor, the Manimals, Shok Paris, and Purgatory.
· In addition to Cleveland's Brazen Rogues, Akron punk bands First Offense and Labor Force will appear on the Backstreets of American Oi! 2 compilation, set for spring release through Philadelphia's Street Anthem Records.
· Ray Terry, singer for gothic post-hardcore Nightbreed, has holed up in the basement of Lakewood's Hi-Fi Club (11729 Detroit Avenue), opening a studio called Tragic End Recordings. Terry, who also works at Hi-Fi owner Billy Morris's Lava Room studios, says he plans to focus on small bands with limited budgets. Tragic End is also the name of Terry's label, which plans a June release for Closed Doors Open Tracks by Interfuse, the hard-edged Cleveland rock combo. Interested bands can contact Terry at tragicendrecords@yahoo.com. Nightbreed plays the Hi-Fi Thursday, April 7.
· The glam rock band Cherry Monroe has landed a song on the new Nickelodeon Kids Choice compilation CD, next to tracks by Avril Lavigne, Britney Spears, and Good Charlotte. The band will film a video for the song "Can't Explain" Saturday, April 9, at the Youngstown Jillian's (7401 Market Street, Boardman).
Subscribe now to get the latest news delivered right to your inbox.Butterfly Gift Box
This is a sweet little box. It can hold a found treasure, a piece of very special candy, or jewelry. Be sure and use something tantalizing to tuck in with your gift, like iridescent raffia, sparkly wonders, stars, more fairy dust, remember, now you are the secret charmer, the smiling elf, the twinkly fairy giving a special magical gift to someone you love or like a lot.
Supplies
Pattern (Click on Printables)
Cardstock or heavy paper
Scissors
Markers or Crayons if you prefer to create your own
Instructions
Click on Printables. There is one blank box template and one that is already colored and only needs to be printed, cut out and folded. There is also one that is printed in black and white for you to color and a special bonus box decorated with fish and flowers. You should print these boxes out on a heavier paper stock, such as card stock. If you do not have card stock, use the technique above for making a template.
You might add some fairy dust, sparkle, or gold or silver pen outlines to the colored box to make it more festive.
The blank box is yours to design anyway that pleases you. You can even make this box out of paper that is foiled on one side, or interesting handcrafted paper, or bark and glue moss and tiny seeds or shells to it.
Instructions are printed on the pattern.
This craft is reprinted courtesy of PheeMcFaddell.com.
Listed under:
Butterfly Crafts For Kids, Gifts to Make, MotherThe Trials and Tasks of Ministry: David Strain
Office Hours talks with Rev. David Strain, Minister of Teaching and Mission at First Presbyterian Church* in Jackson,. Most recently, David us pursuing a Doctor of Ministry degree at RTS in Jackson. David is married to Sheena, and they have two boys, Euan and Joel.
*Note: When this episode was originally recorded, David was serving as pastor of Main Street PCA. He is now Minister of Teaching and Mission at First Presbyterian Church in Jackson, Mississippi..xxess DSL - Uncapped Accounts are unusable very disappointing
Posted on Tuesday, May 3rd, 2011 at 6:21am CDT by 5222ee70
Product: justUNCAPPED 1024
Company: Axxess DSL
Location: South Africa
JHB CPT, WP, 7500, ZA
URL: ***sunnuntai 10. maaliskuuta 2013
The Challenge #5 Peasants and pioneers
Fabric: Shirt, apron, head scarf linen, kerchief cotton, vest (bodice), skirt and pocket perhaps cotton (I really don't know)
Pattern: Finnish national costume patterns for the shirt, the rest is my own doings...
Year: early 19th century
Notions: Self-made brooch for closing the shirt, linen thread for linen fabrics and cotton threads for the rest, hooks and eyes for the bodice
How historically accurate: Bodice, skirt and pocket are machine sewn and the fabric is ???. All linen parts are hand sewn and are totally historically accurate.
Hours to complete: Every spare time in this two week period. It means the house is a mess, kids are starving, hubby is not so happy.... :-)
First worn: I'll try to put it on this afternoon and get some picture in it.
Total cost: All the fabrics are old and I don't remember what I have paid for them
And the outfit on me:
Tilaa: Lähetä kommentteja (Atom)
Ei kommentteja:
Lähetä kommenttiBest.)
13.3-inch MacBook Pro: Best Buy is also beating Apple on the price of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with a 2.4 GHz Core i5 processor, 4GB of memory, and 500GB hard disk drive. At Apple it's going for $1,098 today only. As of Friday afternoon, Best Buy lists it for $1,049.99 (model: MD313LL/A).
Gateway Core i3 laptop: There's plenty of aggressive pricing for Windows laptops too as part of Best Buy's "Thanksgiving Weekend Sale." A Gateway 15.6-inch laptop with an Intel Core i3 processor is going for $329.99. That includes a Core i3-370M chip, 4GB of memory, optical drive, 15.6-inch LED-LCD, and 320GB hard disk drive (model: NV55C56U).
Gateway Netbook: A 10-inch Gateway Netbook (model: LT2811U) is now down to $149.99 That includes 1GB of memory, a 250GB hard disk drive, and N455 Atom processor. And expect to see more deals on Netbooks in the future. This category of small, Atom-powered laptops is struggling mightily against tablets like the iPad and Kindle Fire as retailers set aside less space for Netbooks in order to open up display area for tablets.
See Best Buy's Weekly Ads here.-
-
-
- Lil' Prince 1st Birthday Dessert Plates
- Large Image
-
Description
Celebrate your child's 1st birthday the royal way!
A.
- Includes:
- 8 Lil' Prince 1st Birthday Dessert Plates approximately 7" in diameter!
- Product Number
- #91086
- Availability
- Lil' Prince 1st Birthday Dessert Plates (8) (233978) Orders placed by 3pm CT usually ship same day.
- Material
- Paper
- Air Shippable
- Yes
- Oversized
- No
- Express/Premium Surcharge
- $0.00
- Return Eligible
- Yes
- Available International
- Yes
Lil' Prince 1st Birthday Dessert Plates
- Was:
- $0.00
- Price:
- $2.89
You Save %0 OFF
- Prod ID:
- 91086
-
- 0 Reviews
Orders placed by 3pm CT usually ship same day.
Customer Reviews
Lil' Prince 1st Birthday Dessert Plates
This product has no reviews.
- Write A ReviewThe following information was collected for students wishing to live off-campus and is an additional resource offered by Creighton's Department of Residence Life.
The following off-campus search listing is coordinated by Real Estate with Honors, Creighton's Department of Residence Life's partner, and is intended only as a resource for students. No part of this search listing should be regarded as legal advice. Creighton University's Department of Residence Life strongly suggests that students inspect possible rental properties in person and read all contracts, leases and other documents carefully before signing.
Creighton University Residence Life has created a "Guide to Off-Campus Living" with helpful tips and suggestions for living off-campus. The content in the Off Campus Living Guide is intended for general information purposes only and is not legal advice. Legal advice depends on specific facts and circumstances of each individual situation. Those seeking specific legal advice or assitsance should contact an attorney.
For more information on Apartment Living at Creighton in our apartments, Opus Hall and Davis Square, please view our Apartment Living page or view our Housing Information.on August 19, 2014 - 4:42 PM
ADVERTISEMENT
Candace Cartagena who faces sentencing next week on her murder conviction for suffocating her 8-year-old daughter nearly four years ago in her Clarence home also will be sentenced on her guilty plea to a tax-related charge.
Cartagena, 35, pleaded guilty as charged Tuesday in Erie County Court to first-degree offering a false instrument for filing in connection with her 2010 state income tax return, reportedly resulting in a $10,000 refund.
The defendant claimed two boys who were not her sons and were not in her custody as her dependents on the return she filed on Feb. 16, 2011, according to Assistant District Attorney Kristin A. St. Mary.
As a result of that false statement, Cartagena fraudulently received a tax refund that she was not entitled to, the prosecutor said.
Judge Thomas P. Franczyk indicated he would sentence Cartagena to time served on the false instrument conviction at the same time he sentences her at 2 p.m. Tuesday on her second-degree murder conviction from July.
She faces a minimum prison sentence of 15 years to life and a maximum of 25 years to life on the murder conviction.
Her attorney, Joseph J. Terranova, told the judge he would waive a new pre-sentencing report on his client for the false instrument conviction so that she can be sentenced in both cases next week.
She has been held without bail since she was indicted in May 2013 on the murder and false instrument charges.
Franczyk found her guilty of murder July 21 following a nonjury trial.
She was convicted of suffocating Bianca Cartagena during a Nov. 29, 2010, visit at her home on Greengage Circle where she lived alone after her estranged husband moved out and Bianca went to live with her maternal grandparents in North Tonawanda because her mother.
In a story Sunday in The Buffalo News, Cartagena acknowledged that after trying to commit suicide by a drug overdose, she may have accidentally rolled on top of her napping daughter, triggering the girl’s asphyxiation and heart failure.Job Opportunities for MPH Graduates
About the Profession
- Develop policies and plans that support individual and community health efforts
- Enforce laws and regulations that protect health and ensure safety
- Research for new insights and innovative solutions to health problems
Assurance
- Link people to needed personal health services and assure the provision of health care when otherwise unavailable
- Assure a competent public health and personal health care workforce
- Inform, educate, and empower people about health issues
- Mobilize community partnerships to identify and solve health problems
Additional Information
The following websites provide additional information about careers in the field of public health. You may also find information about opportunities in public health from the ISU Career Center.
- Careers in Public Health (from What is Public Health? website)
- PublicHealthJobs.netYour Study Guides and Strategies starts here!
Organization and neatness have meritBefore writing out the exam:
Set up a time schedule
to answer each question and to review/edit all questions
Read through the questions once and note if you have any choice in answering questions
Before attempting to answer a question, put it in your own words
Think before you write:
Make a brief outline for each question
Number the items in the order you will discuss them
Writing & answering:
Begin with a strong first sentence
that states the main idea of your essay.
Continue this first paragraph by presenting key points
Develop your argument
Summarize in your last paragraph
Restate your central idea and indicate why it is important.
Review:
Complete questions left incomplete,
but allow time to review all questions
Review, edit, correct
misspellings, incomplete words and sentences, miswritten dates and numbers.
Not enough time?
Outline your answersClergy may 'dress down' after CofE relaxes rules on vestments
Clergy in the Church of England are to be allowed to "defrock" themselves after moves to liberalise the law on vestments were approved.
The General Synod meeting in York backed a proposal to allow clergy to "dress down" at services.
The Rev Christopher Hobbs, from the London Diocese, whose private member's motion calling for draft legislation to be drawn up was approved by the synod, insisted it was not a "charter for shell suits, or jaffa cakes and coke". He said it would not remove from Canon law the requirement for clergy to be dressed "as a sign and mark of holy calling and ministry".
He said the wearing of robes was a long tradition, and he was merely suggesting that where a bishop and church council agreed, robes need not be worn.
Such service might include a "fresh expression" of church in a school or cafe, a small, intimate meeting on a stifling summer night, or because the clergy person feels robes are a barrier in communicating the gospel.
Currently, Canon Law prescribes a surplice or alp with scarf or stole at Holy Communion, morning and evening prayer.
Mr Hobbs told the synod: "It makes no difference if it is cafe style in a pub, outside in a field, in a hotel lounge or lobby. Surplice and Alb is required, with scarf or stole."
He added: "There are some contexts where robes should be worn and some contexts where robes may not help in conveying the things we want them to convey. Sometimes they help the mission of the Church, in some contexts they may hinder the mission of the Church."
Samuel Follett, from the St Albans Diocese, said robes could in some cases convey a sense of separateness and set-apartness.
He said: "The original intention of robing was something to do with removing clothing which would identify a clergy person as being of a particular class or social status, it was about breaking down barriers that could stop worshippers from feeling able to address or approach the priest."
In many contexts, he said, vestments actually communicate separateness and set-apartness in a negative sense.
Philip McDonough, a lay reader from St Albans, opposed the move. He said: "When I was a child my mother used to say to me 'If I have taken the time to prepare a meal, surely you can take the time to prepare to eat it by washing your hands and eating with a clean face'."
He added: "Not to use robes I think is slovenly and casual and it is a slippery route that we are sliding down."
Dr Rowan Williams, a chaplain at York University, warned that young people attach a "huge amount of meaning" to what they wear. "If religious vestments are a barrier to mission, we are wearing them wrongly," he said. "We don't need to get rid of them, we need to consider what the symbols are."
The Archbishop of York, Dr John Sentamu, said that while fresh expression services have grown, and are often led by clerics in jeans, so too have attendances at cathedrals, where services are highly traditional. The Archbishop of York cut up his dog collar in 2007 live on TV and said he would not replace it until Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe is out of office.
He said: "As someone who has already cut up his dog collar... the truth is this: the canon is already very, very permissive. So when you are amending it from mandatory to occasional, look carefully at what it is you are amending."Franklin VolSmart Allocation VIP Fund Class 2 - Prospectus
A pamphlet explaining the fund's goal, investments and risks, as well as sales charges, fees and expenses.
Literature Code: 792-P
Format: PDF (368k)Publication Date: 05/15 Next Update: 05/16
You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
For US residents only.Chance Rain Showers
Low 53°F
Rain Showers
High 63°F
Chance Tstms
Low 58°F
Normal Annual Temperature
March 2015
It took nearly the entire month, but severe weather finally made a rather abrupt return to Oklahoma during the last week of March. Two separate storm systems brought severe winds, large hail and tornadoes after a hiatus filled mostly with winter weather headlines.Hi All
I have written kernel module (File System Driver).
When i tried to insert kernel Module i am getting
"module license taints kernel."
Since i am NOT specifying 'GPL'. So it is giving.
I want to know what happens if i use NON-VERSION under LInux or can I
use. or If i want to use NON-GPL what conditions i have to meet.
Thanks & Regards
Guruby Raman Kirpal Nov 15, 2011 09:54 IST
#2G scam #Etisalat #P. Chidambaram #Subramanian Swamy #Swan Telecom Pvt Ltd
Janata Party chief Subramanian Swamy will get what he has been waiting for: a certified copy of the Central Bureau of Investigation’s (CBI’s) 2G file containing documents with endorsements and signatures of former Finance Minister P Chidambaram (now home minister).
Swamy believes this file will prove Chidambaram’s complicity in the 2G scam. Firstpost has got access to the file and believes that Swamy may not find exactly what he is looking for. He may have enough to kick up a small political storm, but the documents may not give him enough ammunition to initiate criminal proceedings against Chidambaram for his alleged role in the 2G scam.
This CBI file, which runs into nearly 1,200 pages, has documents purporting to show that Chidambaram had cleared over 60 percent equity dilution in Unitech. Norway-based Telenor had bought shares worth Rs 6,200 crore even before Unitech rolled out its services. The CBI has mentioned this in its charge-sheet too, but this file puts it on record that Chidambaram was the last person to clear the Unitech file for equity dilution.
This CBI file, which runs into nearly 1,200 pages, has documents purporting to show that Chidambaram had cleared over 60 percent equity dilution in Unitech. AFP
“There is a bar on selling a telecom licence for at least three years after a telecom company is allocated spectrum. This CBI file shows ingenious and crooked ideas and methods that Chidambaram adopted for share/equity dilution in telecom companies. He allowed dilution of shares/equity to an extent where it was as good as selling stakes of the company,’’ Swamy told Firstpost.
Asked what law Chidambaram had allegedly broken, Swamy retreated and said the minister allowed huge stake dilutions even before they rolled out services this was equivalent to selling the company.
This CBI file wasn’t placed on record with the special court that is hearing the 2G case at Patiala House. Special CBI judge OP Saini had directed the CBI to provide Swamy with a copy last week.
Chidambaram is under fire because he did clear foreign investment in Unitech even before it had rolled out its service. But the technical question is whether ‘equity dilution’ can be equated with sale.
Foreign direct investment (FDI) rules allow for 74 percent foreign investment in a telecom company. Any telecom company seeking foreign investment up to 49 percent is deemed to get “automatic’’ government approval. But proposals for foreign investment beyond 49 percent and up to 74 percent in telecom companies will require approval from the finance ministry.”
The point of contention here is that the Shahid Balwa-promoted Swan Telecom was allotted a unified access service licence (UASL) for 13 circles for Rs 1,537 crore and it offloaded 45 percent before the rollout to UAE-based Etisalat for Rs 4,200 crore. And Unitech Wireless offloaded 66 percent to Norway-based Telenor for Rs 6,200 crore.
The Swan-Etisalat deal did not require any approval because it diluted equity upto 45 percent – below the 49 percent automatic approval norm. But the Unitech-Telenor file went for Chidambaram’s approval and he cleared the file with his signature.
Swamy argues that this kind of ‘equity dilution’ amounts to selling. Since the lock-in period for selling telecom licences is three years, Chidambaram was as much responsible for the sale as Unitech was.
Chidambaram, however, may get the benefit of doubt because until 2008, when the equity was diluted in Unitech, no telecom law disallowed the dilution of equity or shares.
Under FDI rules, equity dilution is the accepted norm. All the telecom companies, including Tata, Idea, Airtel and even AT&T, have consistently diluted their equity in the past. And the ministries of finance, corporate affairs and law and justice are all liable for this 'alleged’ lapse, because all of them endorsed equity dilution in the cases of all the telecom companies.
Even the Foreign Investment Promotion Board and the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs had permitted equity dilution, which, they think, is not the same as outright sale of spectrum.
In the Unitech case, Chidambaram is empowered to give permission for dilution upto 74 percent. The CBI sees no issues in allowing equity dilution through foreign funds. “That’s why the CBI did not initiate criminal charges against Etisalat and Telenor, because equity dilution is an accepted norm under FDI,’’ CBI sources say.
Another fact that may help Chidambaram is that during the lock-in period, a telecom company can’t decrease or withdraw its invested money. And in Unitech’s case, it hasn’t withdrawn the invested amount. It only diluted equity to Telenor for a price.
In fact, clarity on the lock-in period came on 23 July 2009, when the government issued a letter spelling out the law. The letter, which is part of the CBI file, reads: “There shall be a lock-in period for sale of equity of a person whose share capital is 10 percent or more in the UAS licensee’s company on the effective date of UAS licence, and whose net worth has been taken into consideration, of three years from the effective date of the UAS license or till fulfilment of all the rollout obligation under Clause 34, whichever is earlier.’’
The letter further says: “Issue of additional equity share capital by the UAS licensee company by way of private placement/public issues is permitted. However, such a person shall not transfer in any manner such as sale, assignment, etc. his share capital directly or indirectly to any other person during lock-in period.’’
Chidambaram had cleared Unitech file much before this new law was introduced. And FDI norms, which allow equity dilution, seem to endorse the legality of his actions.
more in Breaking ViewsReserves open 2012 schedule Tuesday in Houston
COMMERCE CITY, Colo. (Monday, March 12, 2012) – The Colorado Rapids Reserves will open their 2012 season tomorrow at the Houston Dynamo, the first match in a 10-game schedule. Wilmer Cabrera, an Assistant Coach to Oscar Pareja with the first team, will serve as head coach of the Reserves.
During the 2012 season, the Rapids Reserves will provide playing time in a competitive environment for players looking to push their way into the first team for regular season MLS matches. The Reserves will also look to develop young talent, using players already on the team as well as members of the Rapids Academy teams. In addition, the Rapids may use Reserve games to test unsigned players who may improve the club’s roster.
The Rapids Reserves will play 10 matches throughout the 2012 season, competing in the Central Conference with the Chicago Fire, FC Dallas, Houston Dynamo, Sporting Kansas City, and Real Salt Lake. They will played two matches each against those teams, once at home and once away. At the conclusion of the Reserve League season, the team with the most points, regardless of conference (Eastern, Central, Western) will be crowned Reserve League Champion, a title that the Rapids Reserves won in 2006 and 2007.
CLICK HERE for the 2012 MLS Reserve League Rules & RegulationsAnatabloc’s Taste of Country Christmas Tour
Additional Information
Blake FM is proud to present Anatabloc’s Taste of Country Christmas Tour featuring Thomas Rhett and Brian Milson to Lubbock on November 16th!
Singer songwriter Thomas Rhett and a recording contract with Valory – the home of Reba McEntire, Brantley Gilbert, Jewel and Justin Moore.
Thomas’ full name – Thomas Rhett Akins Jr. – forever connects him with his dad, Rhett
Akins, who earned a trio of Top 20 hits in the mid-1990s, including the Top 5 “That Ain’t My Truck” and the No. 1 single “Don’t Get Me Started.”
“I don’t have a clue where it’s going to go or where it’ll end up, but the journey is cool enough for me,” Rhett muses. “I’m here for the ride and to entertain people.”
To buy your tickets today, CLICK HERE.
Discuss This EventPittsburgh Airport to Start Fracking with Hopes to Offset Financial Woes
Bob Mrvos jokes you could golf in the corridors of The Pittsburgh International Airport Terminal – it's just so empty.
"My wife and I were on vacation and flew into LAX and stayed there for a couple weeks and we came back through Chicago," he said. "You walk through those airports and you can barely get through the hallway there’s so many people. And when you land in Pittsburgh, it's like the airports closed."
But the airport isn’t closed — it's open. Now retired, Mrvos works at the Airmall’s PGA Tour Shop part time. He remembers the airport when it was a hub for US Airways.
"At that period of time I was working in a steel mill and I traveled almost weekly," he said. "The airport was packed at that period of time."
When Pittsburgh International Airport opened in 1992, it was built to be a hub for US Airways, then US Air. Allegheny County Executive Rich Fitzgerald says it was constructed with extreme optimism — for 30 million passengers a year.
"They basically designed the airport," Fitzgerald said. "We built it for them. And we built it for them and entered into a long-term lease that they were going to use it as their hub."
At its peak, 20 million passengers were passing through annually. But with US Airways pulling out as a hub, along with the Sept. 11 terror attacks, airline mergers, rising fuel costs and the recession, the annual number of passengers has dropped to eight million. And when US Airways left, the per-flight cost went up for the other airlines, making the airport less attractive to them.
And that’s left $12 million of Pennsylvania gambling revenue going toward airport debt.
Fitzgerald said airports should be self-sufficient.
"Airports by and large are set up to not make money but not lose money," he said. "They are set up so you can't take money that would be excess revenue if you will out of the airport and use it for other governmental operations, but you shouldn’t have to put outside money, tax money into the airport to subsidize it."
One way the Airport has made money is through its Airmall. Although there are fewer flights coming in and out of Pittsburgh, nearly all of them are flights that originate or end here, and there are more of those now than ever before.
Jay Kruisselbrink, the vice president of Airmall USA, said that while the mall isn’t open to the general public the way it was before Sept. 11, 2001, passengers have to get to the airport earlier — giving them more time to wander the mall and spend money. Which is good for the Airmall and good for the airport.
"If we do more in sales we pay them more rent, it’s a percentage in sales we pay, a percentage of rent we pay to the airport," he said.
Fitzgerald said the county originally purchased the land to develop it for business. Earlier this month, the state invested $7 million toward brownfield remediation.
"The airport was not nine thousand acres of pristine land," he said. "This was land that had had a lot of coal mining that had occurred over the years, and the coal mines in many cases were abandoned."
They hope to eventually develop the land into office and research space and a hotel and convention center.
The money they will use to do that? It’ll come from fracking the Marcellus Shale which sits on those acres, including deep beneath the runways.
Pittsburgh International Airport isn’t alone in its financial woes. With the airline industry in turmoil and as fuel prices rise, airports across the country have had to find creative ways to generate revenue. In Dallas-Ft. Worth, they’ve been extracting natural gas. San Francisco installed solar panels and generates energy. The largest blueberry producer in Georgia is at an airport. And some airports have explored water or grazing rights.
The county hopes to make $500 million from natural gas in the next 20 years, an estimate that comes from lease holder Consol Energy. Fitzgerald feels confident in those numbers – and says, yes revenue could be less. But it could also be more.
"What we’re hoping, by lowering the cost using some of the shale money we will be able to attract the flights and start to stabilize those revenues," he said.
On Monday, Fitzgerald and Gov. Tom Corbett will take part in the ceremonial groundbreaking at the airport.
Consol Energy plans to construct six pads and drill 47 wells.In
the late Victorian era, plaster casts of outstanding
classical, ancient, and medieval works were mass-produced
by various vendors. Just a few museums, like Carnegie
Museum of Art, went to extraordinary lengths to develop
their own large, unique casts. The West Portal of Saint-Gilles-du-Gard,
paid for by Andrew Carnegie on the recommendation of
art experts, is one of a kind, and is arguably the
largest architectural cast ever made.
Since making molds
directly from architecture could damage the originals,
then-Director of the Museum of
Art John Beatty faced problems in getting permission
for large, unique casts. In the case of Saint Gilles,
a gift of 2,000 gold francs to the town of Gard bought
permission—the thank-you note from the mayor
is in the museum’s archive. It took three different
shiploads from France to bring the 195 packing cases
with the Saint Gilles facade to New York, and a series
of flatcars to bring it to the Shadyside Station.
The
west portal cast is 38-feet high, 87-feet 3-inches
wide, and the molds were destroyed when removing
the plaster replicas. The plaster (with a binder
of horse
hair) has been tinted reddish brown, following
the good advice of the plaster makers, giving the facade
a warm, antique appearance.
Postcards of Saint Gilles feature the symbol of
the
wounded deer.
For generations the facade of Saint Gilles has inspired
Pittsburghers, especially young artists who make illustrations
of its details. The dominant presence in the hall,
it is especially popular during the holiday season,
and it has always served as a remarkable setting for
public activities.
Why Saint Gilles?
The West Portal of the Benedictine Abbey of Saint-Gilles-du-Gard
is considered by many to be the most beautiful of
all the great Romanesque portals and the culminating
example of the Provencal Romanesque in southern France.
This region, so close to Italy, soon showed the influence
of Christian Rome in church architecture, and the
façade of Saint Gilles is noted for having
an early sculptural treatment of the Passion of Christ.
The abby still exists and is a tourist attraction
today.
The west portal was constructed during more
than a century of craftsmanship in the 12th century,
as medieval
artists in the southern province of Languedoc exercised
their creative fancies in stone carving. They drew
upon images from Roman and Biblical tradition to
express the story of Christ on a church devoted to
a saintly
recluse, Saint Gilles.
Saint Gilles (c. 650-710 AD)
was a hermit priest who lived in the forest near
the Gard River, a tributary
of the Rhone where it empties into the Mediterranean.
Born in Greece (legend has it he came from a
noble Athenian family), during his youth he crossed
the
sea
to Rome where he became a priest. As a missionary
he wandered to southern France, where his reputation
for
humility and holiness drew so many admirers that
he eventually retreated to become a hermit into
the deep
woods, where his sole companion was a female
deer (hind).
Saint Giles and the Hind, c. 1500. by the
Master of Saint Giles. [The French Gilles is spelled “Giles” in
Great Britain].
The details of Saint Gilles life vary with the telling,
but certain elements remain common. The story
tells of how the king’s hunters struck a lily-white
hind with an arrow, and tracked the deer to its refuge
in a cave. In the cave lived the saintly hermit,
who protected the animal. Incensed at the cruelty
of the
king’s hunters to a helpless animal, Saint
Gilles reproved the king. The king, touched by
the behavior
of the humble, white-haired old man, became contrite.
He promised to build a holy place at the site,
and later revisited the Saint several times.
The reclusive
Saint Gilles took disciples, saw the construction
of a church begin, and placed it under the rule
of St.
Benedict.
The cult of Saint Gilles spread rapidly
and far through Europe in the Middle Ages, as witnessed
by some 19
places that bear his name in France, Germany, Poland,
Hungary, and the British Isles. During the crusades
in the 11th and 12th centuries, the Abbey of Saint-Gilles-du-Gard
was a refuge for pilgrims and crusaders on their
way to the Holy Land through the ports of southern
France.
For religious pilgrims and the illiterate
masses, the story of Christ was seen and explained
through
visual
sculptures and carvings on the façade of
the church. The west portal of the church signified
arrival
for the pilgrim, who then proceeded inside (and
east, in the direction of the Holy Land) towards
the ultimate
goal, the reliquary shrine at the east end. There,
pilgrims would kneel before the saint’s shrine
and touch or kiss it to be in closest proximity
to Saint Gilles.
During the religious wars of the 16th
century, the French Huguenots (Protestants) used
the church as
a citadel, ordered it razed, and left it in ruins.
The
broken faces of the religious sculptures are testimony
of this violent time. In the 17th and 18th centuries
there were efforts to rebuild the rest of the church,
but they were only partially successful.
Still, the
west portal survived as a luxurious example of
the early Romanesque style. It was this fame that
recommended it to the art experts that Andrew Carnegie
assembled in 1907. They fulfilled their task: to
identify the greatest sculptures and architectural
pieces from
antiquity to be displayed for the public in the
new, vast (and at the time largely empty) Carnegie
Museum
of Art in Pittsburgh.
Back to ContentsI was provided the below mentioned products in order to provide a review.
Kitten Caboodle Game is pretty much the same game as Diggity Dog, except with kittens. You need to collect the items that match your kittens needs then adopt your kitten. The player to adopt the most cats wins. This game also encourages many great skills like good sportsmanship, taking-turns, social skills, counting, and matching.
Buy it: Educational Insights Diggity Dogs
Enter in the Giveaway Tools form below! This giveaway will be open until 7 really liked the Dino Construction Company™–Wrecker the T-Rex Skid Loader .
I like the Hydroponics Lab
I like hotdots.
I also like the Design & Drill® Power Tool Workshop
I also like the Educational Insights The Sneaky, Snacky Squirrel Game
I really like the GeoSafari Talking Planetary Mat.
I love the GeoSafari® Jr. Talking Bug Net.
Gears! Gears! Gears! Lights & Action Building Set.
I love love love the hydroponics lab!!
The Design & Drill® Take-Along Toolkit is really neat also.
I also like their Alphabet Beanbags - fun way to learn letters!
I would like to try the hot dots
I love the telescopes! I'll probably be buying one soon.
I like the GeoSafari® Jr. Talking Bug Net.
Bailey Dexter I really like that you have a find a friend wish list. This make it so much easier.
I also like the Raccoon Rumpus game.
Hello! Another product of theirs I really like is the Design & Drill Power Tool Workshop. My grandson would love it! Thank-you!
I learned Educational Insights allows their customers 365 days to decide if they'd like to return a product!
I like the Chet the Cat and Friends Dish Set.
I like the bean bag toss. Really cute and gets them to play outside.Your Cart
Students of Quran studies need not worry about paying for over-priced textbooks anymore – renting textbooks is an option! Quran textbooks – for example The Essential Koran: The Heart of Islam by [Thomas Cleary], and The Koran (Penguin Classics) by [Anonymous] – are often some of the most frequently updated books by Publishing companies. The field of Quran is constantly changing, and new editions can come yearly and at a huge cost to students who continually buy new books. So why buy when you can rent cheap textbooks? There are plenty of Quran books to rent – BookRenter has of them all!
Used book sales can be a cheap option as well, but often can be more expensive than textbook rentals. However, there are very few return policies with used books, and especially when taking Quran classes, buying a used book can be dangerous and costly.
Similar Searches: anonymous, michael cook, oxford quran, the heart islamic, heart islam, and echocardiography from sonographer.Browse the web for information on a new-ish pub in Willoughby, and you might think it has an identity issue.
The sign on the window reads "Beal's Pickles & Pints," but online you can find the same pub listed as "Pints 'n' Pickles. There's a Facebook page that also lists "pickles" before "pints," and all the search-engine results flip among the ampersand, "and" an "n" between the pickles and pints, or pints and pickles as it were.
So while you may be confused what to call the place (it's Pickles & Pints for the record), don't be confused about this: It's one heck of a place to visit.
Opened in June by brothers Chuck and Brian Beal, Pickles & Pints occupies the Euclid Avenue space that was held by Milestones Bar and before that the venerable Mick's. Inside, it hardly resembles the former versions.
It's divided into two spaces, one a definite bar area and the other a separate dining room. The stately bar is now where it should always have been -- back and to the right from the entrance, nearer the kitchen, and its largesse is impressive. The bar area is lively and a cross between chic and traditional pub.
It's diml, but not too dimly, lit, and oak is everywhere in the place. The walls are painted a fresh green, about what you'd expect from a place with pickles in its moniker.
Pickles, by the way, are very much a theme. You can sample various flavors of pickles, including hot pickles, garlic dill pickles and flavor-of-the-week pickles. You can try a peanut butter and pickle sandwich. The appetizer menu features fried pickles, as well as a pickled salsa dish that was too difficult to resist.
Pickled salsa? Sign me up.
My wife and I shared the salsa ($6), which came with fresh pita chips and was more than enough for the both of us. The salsa was tremendous, a combination of traditional tomato-and-red-onion flavors and a tangy pickled bite vinegar. The pita chips were softer than expected but went well with the salsa.
The straightforward pub menu has pretty standard pub-type fare -- burgers, wings, sandwiches, wraps and salads, but a couple of things stand out. The beef used in the burgers comes from renowned meat purveyor Pat LaFried, which I always appreciate, and even what you'd consider the pub standby dishes have a bit of foodie flair to them.
There's an asiago-crusted chicken sandwich ($8), for example, and a mahi mahi sandwich ($9). Several items include a fried egg, including the Pints melt that I ordered.
The menu describes it as capicola, fried egg, bacon, tomato, cheddar and onion rings on a grilled hoagie roll, a description that really doesn't do it justice. It's a glorious sandwich, a cross between breakfast and dinner -- and school cafeteria lunch, as it's served with tater tots -- and for ($8) it's a steal. Oh, and it comes with a dill pickle spear.
My wife got the golden boy burger ($9), which was a bacon-cheddar burger with a fried egg. I only had a bite, but it, too, was very good. If either of us had a complaint with any of the food, it was that the burger was done a bit past the medium she requested.
"Pints," of course, is the other half of Pickles & Pints, and the place lives up to the second part of its name -- sometimes the first, depending where you look -- about as well as it does the first.
There were 16 beers on tap the Saturday evening we visited, and our server could tell us every one of them off the top of her head. That in itself is impressive, because the answer at many places to "what's on tap?" is often "what do you like?" But not only does the staff know their beers, they know their beer, making recommendations and describing and comparing the choices.
The service overall was outstanding. And the way the bar area is serviced is unique. Instead of one or two bartenders behind the bar and several waiters/waitresses running back and forth, everybody filled every role. The waitress who took our order, for example, was the one who poured our drinks and returned with them right away. But anybody who walked by could refill our drinks, and different people brought us our food. The result was more prompt, attentive service than you'd get in a fancy restaurant.
There's no filet mignon on the menu or anything, but Pickles & Pints is also very affordable. The sandwiches and burgers are in the $7 to $9 range; there's an ample selection of $8 dinner salads, and wings and appetizers won't set you back more than $9. The pints we had were $4, and there are daily specials from 5 p.m. to 11 p.m.
All in all, Pickles & Pints is a definite must-visit if you're into pub-style dining.
There's nothing confusing about that.
Beal's Pickles & Pints
6200 Euclid Ave. | Willoughby
440-946-7468 | No website
Location: The south side Euclid Avenue the Willo Shopping Plaza.
Type of restaurant: Pub.
Hours: 11 a.m. to 2 a.m. every day.
Liquor and wine: Full bar.
Facilities for the handicapped: Yes.
Credit cards: All major.
Cuisine: Pub fare.
Vegetarian: Several options.
Special diets: Ask your server.
Kid-friendliness: No kids' menu, but family-friendly.
Outdoor dining: Yes.
Dress code: Casual.
Reservations: Accepted.
Prices: Moderate -- appetizers, salads and sandwiches in the $7-to-$9 range.
Value: Very Good.
Ratings (of five):
Food: 4 stars
Atmosphere: 4 stars
Service: 4.5 starsFrenchman has noted the youngster's impressive performances in the Champions League and is ready to spend big to bringing the 19-year-old to the Emirates Stadium
For all the latest reports and transfer rumours, visit our dedicated section here
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger will break the club's transfer record to sign Borussia Dortmund star Mario Goetze, according to The Daily Mail.
Goetze has played an integral role in Dortmund’s re-emergence in European football, enjoying an outstanding campaign last year in the Bundesliga and continuing to impress in this season's Champions League.
The 19-year old is key to Dortmund’s success and accordingly they would be loath to lose their most prized asset, but would probably listen to bids in excess of £20 million for the Germany international.
Arsenal chief scout Steve Rowley has been sent on numerous trips to check out the midfielder and has returned with glowing recommendations. Wenger could therefore be prepared to smash the Gunners' current transfer record, which was set when they paid £15m to Zenit St. Petersburg for Andrey Arshavin in 2009.
Goetze has already racked up 10 appearances for the national side and is thought to be attracting the attention of some of Europe’s biggest clubs, with Real Madrid previously being linked with a move, meaning Arsenal will face a battle to convince the player that his future lies at the Emirates.
The Daily Mail reports that Wenger has been handed a war-chest of £50m and will test Dortmund’s resolve with a big bid in the January transfer window.Jusuru Scam Or Legitimate Business Opportunity? Review The True Facts…
Jusuru Scam or Legitimate Opportunity?
In today’s Jusuru review we take a look at whether this business is a legitimate opportunity or another illegal scam that will have you pulling your hair out with frustration. It may be the case that your reading this Jusuru scam review because you have excitedly just joined this company after learning the impressive comp plan and are now wondering whether you have made the right choice or may be your just currently weighing up your options on whether or not this opportunity will really work for you? Either way the information your about to be provided will give you a clear
understanding on the true facts regarding this business.
Jusuru was founded in late 2009 by the company president Asma Ishaq and is a direct selling business based around well being healthy juice drinks which claim to possess all the vitamins required to give your joints and skin a health boost. The company uses a network marketing business based model to distribute the product across north America with its headquarters based in California. Asma graduated from the University of California, at Berkeley with dual degrees in both psychology and business administration. She then went on to graduate at Rice University after completing her MBA with a dual concentration in finance and marketing. Before founding Jusuru she held executive positions with BlackRock, Inc., a leading asset management firm in New York City and Biocell Technologies, which is a leading developer of cutting edge health and wellness products.
It is not uncommon for people who are not familiar with network marketing or mlm based business models to assume that companies like Jusuru are some sort of pyramid scheme which will end up scamming them out of thousands of dollars. Network marketing is a legitimate industry of which popular companies like Avon and Amway have been operating for decades. The Jusuru scam I can assure you does not exist and instead is a company that can indeed generate you a great income and take your financial success to new levels.
The Jusuru scam does not exist, so what is the company all about?
The Jusuru flagship product is its life blend nutritious juice drink which contains high quality ingredients including.
- BioCell Collagen II
- Resveratrol
- Antioxidants
- Phytonutrients
- Vitamins
- Minerals
- Fatty Acids
- Amino Acids
Jusuru Scam – How does the comp plan work?
OK so we have identified that the fear of the Jusuru scam is not required as its patented beverage is a quality product, lets now look at the benefits of being a representative for this company, will it really help you towards financial freedom or is this just purely nothing but hype?
Anybody over the age of 18 and are located in North America can enrol into the Jusuru network marketing opportunity. Most do with the hopes and dreams of giving up the day job and being free to live life in exactly the way they want. The compensation plan is mainly based around generating commissions from direct sales to consumers as well as generate commissions from the sales of those who they enrol into the organisation. It works like this:
- There are 9 ways of generating an income with Jusuru - Direct Sales of the product, a preferred customer bonus, a fast start bonus, team commissions, enroller bonus, turbo infinity bonus, leader check match, leadership pools and last but not least a car bonus.
- The structure of the income plan extends 7 levels deep with matching bonuses rewarded to those leaders who reach the higher levels of the Jusuru compensation plan.
- Levels 1 to 4 you are designated as Venture builder. 30% of every direct sale of the product is paid directly to the distributor. They then pay out a total of 18% with the requirement of having at least two of your personally sponsored representatives recruit a minimum of distributors themselves.
- To qualify for the commissions on this level each of your distributor downline members including yourself must be on a minimum order of 1 case of product per month. One case of product is $140.00.
- The next level of the Jusuru compensation plan “Endeavor classification” gives you a matching bonus which requires 5 personally sponsored distributors all on a monthly autoship of at least one case each and two of which have sponsored at least 3 representatives each.- Research ReportsBarron's Online
- Sep 25, 2000Charting the MarketBarron's Online
- Aug 7, 200013D FilingsBarron's Online
- May 31, 199913D FilingsBarron's Online
- Dec 7, 1998Good News Continues to Boost StocksBarron's Online
- Dec 7, 1998What Paperless Society?Barron's Online
- May 21, 2015 8:33 p.m. ET‘The Girl on the Train’ Is Runaway Best SellerThe Wall Street Journal
- May 5, 201512 stocks a young Warren Buffett would buy todayMarketWatch.com
- Apr 24, 2015Houghton Mifflin buys Scholastic’s ed tech business for $575 millionMarketWatch.com
- Apr 1, 2015Hillary Clinton Lends Hand at New York City Read-to-Your Baby Program The Wall Street Journal
- Mar 26, 2015Restoration Hardware shares fall on outlookMarketWatch.com
- Mar 26, 2015Scholastic Posts Wider-Than-Expected LossThe Wall Street Journal
- Mar 18, 2015Tiny Cooper From ‘Will Grayson, Will Grayson’ Moves Into the SpotlightThe Wall Street Journal
- Dec 18, 2014Nike slips after hours as orders fail to impress MarketWatch.com
- Dec 16, 2014Digits | Highlights From the BlogThe Wall Street Journal
- Dec 14, 2014Crashing crude may blow a $1.6 trillion hole in the global oil sector, annuallyMarketWatch.com
- Sep 25, 2014Updates, advisories and surprisesMarketWatch.com
- Sep 25, 2014Apple drops on bendy iPhones; Motorola Solutions among few gainersMarketWatch.com
- Sep 25, 2014Stock to Watch: LipoScience, Scholastic, BoeingWSJ Blogs
- Sep 25, 2014Morning MoneyBeat: Margin Debt Is Elevated, Not ExcessiveWSJ Blogs
- Sep 25, 2014Scholastic Posts Wider Loss on Higher ExpensesThe Wall Street Journal
- Sep 15, 2014Microsoft Buys 'Minecraft' for $2.5 Billion but Founders Will LeaveThe Wall Street Journal
- Sep 9, 2014Microsoft Near Deal to Buy MinecraftThe Wall Street Journal
- Aug 19, 2014With a new Harry Potter story out, 4 ways to profit from the wizard MarketWatch.com
- Jul 24, 2014Morning MoneyBeat: Earnings Season Gives Stocks a LiftWSJ Blogs
- Jul 24, 2014Scholastic Profit, Revenue RiseThe Wall Street Journal
- May 21, 2015 10:49 a.m. ETNew K-5 Teaching Resource Takes Student Writing Beyond the Classroom into Real-World ApplicationsPR Newswires
- May 20, 2015State Teachers of the Year Say Their School Funding Priorities are Anti-Poverty Initiatives, Early Learning and Reducing Barriers to Learning, According to New Survey Released TodayPR Newswires
- May 11, 201516 Students and 5 Teachers Named National 180 Award Winners for Academic SuccessPR Newswires
- Apr 29, 2015Be on Top of the Latest Happenings: Complementary Research on Emerge Energy Services, Scholastic, CEPHEID, China Nepstar Chain Drugstore, and Novadaq TechnologiesPR Newswires
- Apr 24, 2015Scholastic to Sell Ed Tech Business to Houghton Mifflin for $575 MillionDow Jones Newswires
- Apr 24, 2015Scholastic To Sell Educational Technology Business To Houghton Mifflin Harcourt For $575 Million To Focus On Global Core Children's Books And Supplemental Education BusinessesPR Newswires
- Apr 23, 2015Asbury Park School District Invests in Literacy for AllPR Newswires
- Apr 23, 2015Financial Report Card: Complementary Research on ARC Group WorldWide, Tecnoglass, Scholastic, iDreamSky Technology and Controladora VuelaPR Newswires
- Apr 18, 2015Television Personality Ty Pennington Teams Up with Scholastic to Give Mathematics an Extreme MakeoverPR Newswires
- Apr 1, 2015Scholastic Announces Nonfiction Holocaust Reader for ClassroomsPR Newswires
- Mar 31, 2015New Edition of Teaching Resource for K-8 Math Answers Questions Teachers Are AskingPR Newswires
- Mar 26, 2015Scholastic Releases Exclusive Cover of Upcoming Illustrated Edition of J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's StonePR Newswires
- Mar 26, 2015U.S. Hot Stocks: Hot Stocks to WatchDow Jones Newswires
- Mar 26, 2015Scholastic Reports Fiscal 2015 Third Quarter ResultsPR Newswires
- Mar 25, 2015Scholastic Corporation Announces Fourth Quarter DividendPR Newswires
- Mar 23, 2015Scholastic Acquires Equity Position in UK Children's Publisher, Make Believe IdeasPR Newswires
- Mar 19, 2015Scholastic Corporation Announces Date for Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Earnings Release and TeleconferencePR Newswires
- Mar 5, 2015Literacy Expert Phyllis C. Hunter Shares 10 Ways to Encourage Reading at Home and in SchoolPR Newswires
- Mar 3, 2015National Survey Finds That 83% Of Kids Ages 6-17 Love(d) Being Read Aloud ToPR Newswires
- Dec 18, 2014U.S. Hot Stocks: Hot Stocks to WatchDow Jones NewswiresSgt. 1st Class Carl Torello was killed in Vietnam when his daughter was just 5 years old. Nearly 50 years later, she got a chance to meet the one person who survived the attack that killed him.Read more
Steve Cook, who heads the Midwest Outlaw Motorcycle Gang Investigators Association, tells NPR that soldiers returning from World War II formed biker gangs, which became infamous during a 1947 riot.Read more
Terry Gross To Marc Maron: 'Life Is Harder Than Radio'
The WTF host asks the Fresh Air host about her childhood, her start in radio and her record-strewn apartment. Gross says Maron's "no bulls***" style made her feel comfortable opening up.Read more
The Hunger Games actress and Pitch Perfect 2 director also runs her own production company. Her secret to success? "I raise my hand a lot," Banks tells Fresh Air's Ann Marie Baldonado.Read more
On May 21st, COX Communications will be restting your cable signal and rebooting your cable box(es). Here are some easy steps to make sure you continue to get WHROTV, along with all your other favorite channelsWe signed a bunch of big name free agents last year and we didn't make the playoffs.
2009 - Traded for Tony McDaniel; Signed Jake Grove, Gibril Wilson, Cameron Wake, Joe Berger, Ethan Kilmer, Eric Green - Result...no playoffs
2010 - Traded for Brandon Marshall; Signed Karlos Dansby, Richie Incognito, Cory Procter, Montavious Stanley, Marques Douglas, Charles Grant, Bobby Carpenter, Clifton Smith - Result - no playoffs
2011 - Traded for Reggie Bush; Signed Kevin Burnett, Jason Trusnik, Matt Moore, Ronald Fields, Marc Colombo, Jason Taylor, Kevin O'Connell, Ray Willis, David Nixon, K.J. Gerard, John Matthews, Marvin Mitchell, Larry Johnson, Gerald Alexander, Will Yeatman, Dante Rosario, Ryan Cook, Will Allen, Igor Oshansky, Nate Jones, Steve Slaton, Sage Rosenfels - Result...no playoffs
2012 - Signed David Garrard, Chad Johnson, Richard Marshall - Results - no playoffs
2013 - Signed Dustin Keller, Phillip Wheeler, Dannell Ellerbe, Mike Wallace, Brandon Gibson - Result - No playoffs
What's worse is that most of these guys aren't even on the team anymore. Free agency should never be looked at as a way to build your roster. I don't know of too many teams that sign high priced free agents and win super bowls or even make the playoffs.
---------- Post added at 11:07 AM ---------- Previous post was at 11:05 AM ----------
Another sky is falling thread and we aren't even three full days into free agency...uhggggggggg
The Miami Average Joe's...Where mediocrity is rewarded.
Thanks to LibertineOneThree for the sig
[QUOTE=DolfanGator;1065034489]
All I was trying to do was find a point of agreement with the OP because I saw the point he was attempting to make, agreed with some of the premises of what he was trying to convey, and didn't want to continue to pile on him and then it's "you guys this and you guys that"
I realize where Hilton was found, what injury Wayne is coming off of, and Allen's numbers. And did I not specify that I would build through the draft as well? All I said was that I'm indifferent at this point, partially because we haven't hit the draft yet and here come the attack dogs. Lighten up, it's JUST football.
And forgive me for not being fully on board with everything this franchise does or doesn't do. I offer you my most sincere apologies.
Fare thee well.
Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk
I'm now at the decision this is a well done troll job. That's the only plausible explanation
Thinks Tommy boy has nothing to do with deflated balls
im glad the jets werent able to get pettigrew.
but so forth, i want the fins to sign blount and get another legit DB opposite of grimes. another pass rusher wouldve been nice to like demarcus ware but then again jordan needs to play more downs
Andyman
We're still short 3 starters on the OL. We still have a poor run defense. We still need a #2 and a #3 cornerback, unless you trust Will Davis and Jamar Taylor to suddenly become good, healthy players (I don't).
We still have two wide receivers coming off of knee injuries. We still need a TE to complement Clay. I still have big concerns about our safeties. So, yeah, uhm, I don't understand why people are thrilled with what's going on here.
Signing Grimes was a great first step. Signing Albert a left tackle was a necessary step. Now we have to address all of the other problems.
God bless, I'll hang up and listen.
BookmarksWorthy Causes
Donations Put to Work
Use the categories below to continue browsing our site.
Price: $7.39
Price: $8.99
Price: $10.99
Price: $16.99
Price: $449.99
Price: $291.58
Price: $399.99
Price: $13.49
Price: $17.49
Price: $13.89
Price: $23.16
Price: $99.99
Price: $189.00
Price: $12.49
Price: $5.49
Price: $16.49
Price: $9.99
Price: $5.99
Price: $26.96
Price: $378.00
Price: $42.99
Price: $17.99
Price: $7.79
Price: $29.99
Price: $15.49
Price: $15.00
Price: $135.95
Price: $18.49:
For more information about a Comparative Literature and Culture major or minor, please contact Dr. Anne Mairesse at mairesse@usfca.edu.The Video Screen Shade - SALE and discontinued
This item is designed to shade the screen on your video camcorder. This items works wonders when out on vacation, or if you are just using it to video your family at the park. The Video Screen Shade will shade light from the screen that prevents the user from seeing the screen clearly. This is of great advantage when you really need to see what it is you are trying to video tape. The Video Screen Shade fits around your LCD screen using a Velcro strap that wraps around the back of the screen. This is a different design than the Digi Hoods, the Video Screen Shade is completely removable to allow one to close the LCD screen on the camcorder when you are done using it.
These items are made out of the same self-supporting material so that you can pull it out as far as you wish and it will stay in that position till you are done. Then you can collapse it down, take it off the camera, and store it away nicely.
This item comes in the following sizes:
If you are interested in purchasing a hood please a dealer from our dealer list or us directly. Online ordering is available via dealers and through us via Paypal.
If you wish to become a dealer please contact us by email or phone.
If you are unsure as to which item you need, or for any questions please contact Michael Canham for further information
You can reach us at:
480.518.5097 (cell phone)
If you are just requesting these items, the Laptop Privacy Hood, or the Digi Hoods you can email us at: mqcanham@canhamcameras.com
Shade Home
Last updated 10/12/2011January 14, 2015
Immigration and U.S. Citizenship
To be a citizen in the United States is coveted among the downtrodden people of the world and nothing guarantees a person a shot at the good life quite[...]
Read More »
August 19, 2014
New Single Release – Have Mercy
Its not everyday that we post or promote music here at Lavoice Media, but when its good, its good, and we have to support it. Enter our friend Jus Kno[...]
Read More »
July 12, 2014
The Ethnic Replacement of America
I was listening to the Michael Savage show today, a top shelf radio show in the United States, and during his reporting on the illegal open border situation[...]
Read More »
June 7, 2014
Fraternal Orders and Public Policy
If you were interested in learning more about the influence of private entities and fraternal orders when it comes to public policy then you are in for[...]
Read More »Personalized health information
Summary: drug interactions are reported among people who take Celexa and Ibuprofen together. This review analyzes the effectiveness and drug interactions between Celexa and Ibuprofen. It is created by eHealthMe based on reports of 2,211 Celexa and Ibuprofen >>>
What are the drugsCe)
Ce)
Drug combinations in study: - Celexa (citalopram hydrobromide) - Celexa and Ibuprofen on
Do you take Celexa and Ibuprofen?
You are not alone! Join a related support group: - support group for people who take Celexa - support group for people who take Ibuprofen
Recent conversations of related support groups:
Can you answer these questions (Ask a question):
More questions for: Celexa, Ibuprofen
You may be interested at these reviews (Write a review):
More reviews for: Celexa, Ibuprofen
From this study (1 month ago):
rapid weight gain withing 4 months or so
Reply
From this study (11 months ago):
I had two unexplained broken bones within a one year period.
Weak urine stream with intermittent breaks.
High potassium level readings. First: 6.2 Second 5.2
When diagnosed at ER with esophagitis was also suspected to have peptic ulcers due to stress.
From this study (1 year ago):
Depression, moderate Hypertension not controlled yet. Joint pain... Shoulder Osteoarthritis worth necrosis and bone spurs. New shoulder with in the next 5 years.
Celexa side effects reported by 27,542 people (updated 3 hours ago)
Ibuprofen side effects reported by 58,038 people (updated 4 weeks ago)
On eHealthMe, Celexa (citalopram hydrobromide) is often used to treat depression.
-Calories in Drink Mix
Wondering how many calories are in Drink Mix?Manufactured by Zuko
Drink Mix
Lemonade
-- Grade
42 Calories
Nutrition Facts
Serving Size 1 tbsp (11 g)
Per Serving % Daily Value*
Calories 42
Calories from Fat 0
Total Fat 0g 0%
Saturated Fat 0g 0%
Cholesterol 0mg 0%
Sodium 20mg 1%
Carbohydrates 10g 3%
Sugars 10g
Protein 0g
Vitamin C 10%
*Based on a 2000 calorie diet
Drink Mix Calories and Health Benefits
Fat
Pro
Carb
Alc
Get Nutritional Facts and the Health Benefits for Drink Mix
Related Foods &
(Essential Everyday) Drink Mix - Light, Natural Pink Lemonade
(America's Choice) Drink Mix - Low Calorie, Light Splash, Lemonade
(Soda Stream) Sparkling Drink Mix - Country Time Lemonade
(Fresh Island) Premium Drink Mix - Key Lime Lemonade
(America's Choice) Drink Mix - Low Calorie, Light Splash, Pink Lemonade
Advertisement
AdvertisementLet mantlex10″ mat, but the frame I wanted to put it in was 9″x
the good news is that they are…
easy to spot. you just need to read your essay, and they will gaze at your face.write a good conclusion that answers the entire question. if you are looking for an authentic work from home opportunity, then you are in the…
Salvador Cochrum…
we came across a great web pages which you may get pleasure in. Take a search in the event you want… le……
desk Temptalia is a minion of the devil sometimes. ,Wholesale Mac Cosmetics
I always go back to this one. ,Arc’teryx
I am in LOVE with these shades. ,oakley frogskins
ï¿½Thats not to say Morris is shy or withdrawnHe has only played in two games this season, managing 7 yards on five carriesThe Raiders (3-10) played the game with heavy hearts after Allens father, Grady, died earlier in the week from cardiac arrestPaytons right knee was the subject of intense scrutiny during Shanahans career leader in both overall touchdowns with 41 Arian Foster Jersey
rushing scores with 38 Its the truth
Fantastic information and great step by step pictures here! i wanted to mention that purchasing pre-cut custom sized matboards can be done for just a few dollars from online shops like. There is something special to DIY too though!
Its a wonderful combination for those of use who don’t rock the smokey eye EVERY day! ,
unless you are open to hear out the other parent as well on her points. ,Mac Makeup Cheap
when the two of you get together. ,abercrombie and fitch outlet
[...] Mat cutter (already owned, learning process detailed here) [...]
[...] goodies I brought back from our recent IKEA trip) made me almost keep it for myself. That’s a custom mat in there too, Annie, appreciate. Hopefully someday she’ll have her own little home and I can [...]
[...] a little extra pattern and interest, I cut the paper into 3″ sections with the help of my picture frame mat cutter, and then taped the pieces back together to create a vertical-line textured background (again, [...]
[...] Thе Pegboard Posted in DIY | Tagged as: Custom, Matting | Leave a comment [...]
How very cool! I use to do it in art school, but the ones we could buy back then were crap. I am going to give this a try!
I think the mats should have been a contrasting color, just my opinion. The job you did was fantastic though.
Thank you so much! I know now what to tell my mother I want for Christmas! LOL
Thanks Scott! Good to know that I picked a favored brand!
Hey Em.
I love my logan matt cutter. HAve had the same one since high school. Its so easy and very rewarding to do. Great o see your blog here on DIY. How great
Very Cool! Awesome tutorial on it too!
[...] the art-framing-world is my oyster. They turned out amazingly. You can read the whole tutorial right here on The [...]View Diary: How regulation came to be: Pasteurization (205 comments)
Diary Recommended By
a gilas girl, Pat K California, sagesource, jazzmaniac, Odysseus, jexter, Detlef, badger, artr2, RunawayRose, just another vet, elfling, WI Deadhead, Ahianne, hnichols, agoldnyc, 88kathy, mmacdDE, KMc, Malixe, chimpy, jennifree2bme, sngmama, Bill Roberts, Cedwyn, hopeful, hoolia, Bulldawg, raster44, riverlover, inclusiveheart, SingleVoter, JayBat, ybruti, lonespark, Black Max, Toddlerbob, Josiah Bartlett, babaloo, Gowrie Gal, Skennet Boch, G2geek, Bluesee, eastsidedemocrat, marina, escapee, Tinfoil Hat, yuriwho, stlawrence, OpherGopher, PBen, bagman, juliesie, catleigh, kiri, Laurence Lewis, Navy Vet Terp, lennysfo, owlbear1, blue jersey mom, EeDan, Floja Roja, kerplunk, the fan man, Nowhere Man, Orinoco, Hard to Port, myboo, smokeymonkey, Catesby, bluebrain, arlene, Alexandra Lynch, A Siegel, JVolvo, Sagebrush Bob, armadillo, jsteffen, Mae, zedaker, kurious, OHdog, bmcphail, marykk, donnamarie, Habitat Vic, ninkasi23, Brix, epc3, wildweasels, some other george, flumptytail, bnasley, Transactivist, jnhobbs, pioneer111, uciguy30, on the cusp, Empower Ink, TheOtherMaven, jwinIL14, Phil N DeBlanc, mamamedusa, Youffraita, Senor Unoball, bill warnick, filby, lineatus, Sharon Wraight, wonderful world, Its any one guess, TomFromNJ, happymisanthropy, petulans, Karl Rover, rodentrancher, slathe, palantir, enufisenuf, BvueDem, wv voice of reason, Carol in San Antonio, CanyonWren, be the change you seek, CamillesDad1, elziax, kevinpdx, stevenwag, 57andFemale, EAColeInEmporia, Larsstephens, Lefty Ladig, Its the Supreme Court Stupid, GreenDog, Hoosier Al, klompendanser, pixxer, rfall, back of a knapkin analyst, Betty Pinson, leu2500, Oh Mary Oh, Onomastic, xgy2, Palatine Hill, vinny67, MaryinHammondsport, La Gitane, ontheleftcoast, itzik shpitzik, trs, KelleyRN2, DrDoolittle, IllanoyGal, Muskegon Critic, slooterdam, Wheever, Ojibwa, quarkstomper, gnbhull, yaque, foresterbob, sound of progress, wide eyed lib, Dbug, No one gets out alive, Mathazar, weatherdude, charliehall2, SGWM, Trotskyrepublican, maisey, CA ridebalanced, Horace Boothroyd III, This old man, DollyMadison, peachcreek, BusyinCA, burnt out, James Wells, Illinois IRV, countwebb, glorificus, Praxical, weck, Qwisp, nasheval, helpImdrowning, FourthOfJulyAsburyPark, Grandson named me Papa, NebraskaNAge of Aquariums > Freshwater Fish > YoYo Loach - Botia lohachata
I was excited in anticipation when Australian laws allowed Pakistan Loaches to be imported. I rushed off and bought 7 Pakistan Loaches, thinking they were peaceful from my experience with clown loaches. Unfortunately I was mistaken, and the Pakistan were aggressive fin nippers towards my other fish such as angels, rainbows and gouramis. It took investigaton work to actually catch them as they were very sly in the fin nipping procedure. Pakistan Loach will wait at the bottom and then do a quick strike at the fin before going back to the bottom of the tank. I did provide plenty of plant and infrastructure in the fish tank for the Pakistan loaches, there was no reason for the fish to fin nip except as standard normal behaviour. Pakistan loaches are fine with plants and are not sensitive compared to the average fish to poor water qualiy. However with all loaches you need to half the medicine dose of the manufacturer recommended rate when treating the loach for illness.
My wife was given a tank by her sister in law about 1 year ago. When she got the tank I wanted to get a new fish, so we went to the store. The yo yo was the coolest looking fish I could find, so I bought one. Another customer at the till told me how much he liked his pair and how they played. After bringing my yo yo home I found that he was kinda boring to watch cause he was always trying to hide, so I went back to the store and got him a friend. What a difference this made, it was instant they were best friends and just tearing up the tank. The second yo yo I brought home doubled in size in the first month, but the other one did not change. Just the other night I was cleaning the tank, after the tank was clean again I noticed the little yo yo attacking the bigger one. I didn't know what to do, so I shut off the light and they seemed to calm down. While I was watching them fight I noticed that the little guy kept going after the fins behind the gills and really trying to tear them off. He did a pretty good job with this cause the next day my big yo yo had some good marks on each side of him. I recently thought he was dead because of how he was laying on his side in the tank, but he seems to be surviving (they just like to lay on their sides). I think I'm gonna try and find another yo yo to maybe calm them again.
These fish are known to me as Pakistani Loaches and I must recommend them as one of the most delightful characters in my aquarium. I purchased two over 12 months ago and unfortunately one of them died quite quickly. The survivor is now a healthy, vibrantly coloured 5 cm fish that gives me no end of pleasure. These fish seem to have real character, constantly scavengening about amongst the gravel and foliage. They seem to appreciate a well furnished tank with lots of nooks and crannies to satisfy their curiosity. Mine will quite often "play dead", sitting motionless on top of the internal filter or head down wedged in the leaves of a plant. It is almost as though he is having a rest before springing into life and scurrying off around the tank again. He thrives on frozen and live foods, and has taken a liking to the sinking cat fish pellets I drop in for my Plec. In fact this fish will gorge itself on the catfish pellets displaying an alarming bulge in his stomach after consuming the lot. It is wise to take care when feeding such foods as I suspect he would eat until it killed him if possible. Plants take a bit of a battering from this creature as he will nose around amongst the roots looking for fertilzer balls or nuggets of food. This can sometimes be a nuisance as he disturbs the substrate and pollutes the water with clouds of semi-dissolved plant feed! I recomend either a fine sandy substrate or larger, rounded gravel to avoid damaging the delicate barbels around the mouth. I have seen no signs of aggression towards other tank mates who he basically seems to ignore. Only the much larger Plec receives any sort of attention when they are both attracted to the same slice of cucumber dropped in at feeding time. His lack of fear is remarkable, and adds to my overall impression that this a "cheeky", lively and contented fish that is always interesting to observe.
These Loaches are my favorite. I have 4 of them right now and they seem to have the best personalities. Some books I've read say that these are solitary Loaches and sometimes aggresive but my 4 live well together and seem to have a rank system. At times when they do fight they start making a clicking noise. As for the name, I have seen this loach called 3 names: YoYo, Pakistani, and Burmese. I usually search with each different name when looking for information on the net. A lot of their bright colors come out when fed frozen or live blood worms. They seem to loose shyness to light quite.This holiday, Justin Wasserman considers the leadership genius of the man in the red suit. Working for him, we invest hours of time, devote immeasurable energy, and invest a good percentage of our income in secret to bring happiness to others.
Depending on your country of origin, you may refer to the most productive man in the world as Father Christmas, Saint Nick, Kris Kringle, Sinterklaas or perhaps by merely one name like some of our most famous celebrities — Santa. Regardless of how we affectionately refer to him, his productivity is undeniable.
I’ve been studying Santa’s leadership style for several decades now, as the beneficiary of his magical ways. I happen to be an expert on this conductor of endless capacity and can share with you here, the secrets to his success.
Astonishingly, this jolly bearded fellow finds a way to deliver gifts to all of the good children around the world on a single night (or two if we take into account December 6, Saint Nicholas’ Day).
Without getting into the delicate logistics of planning the timing and sequencing of his annual flight, let’s ponder the difficulty of flying from Candy Cane Lane in the North Pole all the way around the world in one day. This heroic-marathon would require innumerable stops, the consumption of millions of gallons of milk and mountains of cookies, the scaling of treacherous chimneys, etc. — all very impressive feats for a portly old man.
Just to encircle the globe without stop would require flying around the earth, roughly 24,901.55 miles (40,075.16 kilometers), not to mention countless stops along the way. I suspect even Amazon’s strategy to use unmanned drones for making deliveries would be challenged to replicate this magnitude of global distribution.
So if you buy into the myth, which even the government is in on (check out NORAD tracks Santa on Christmas Eve), this is how it all works. If you buy into part of the myth, then at a minimum, Santa relies on a state of the art 10,000,000 square-foot toy manufacturing facility, a legion of hyper-productive toy making elves, an army of fake Santas and an unmatched fleet of sleighs to bolster his Herculean productivity.
However, for the majority of Christmas revelers over a certain age, we know that what makes the commercial-side of Christmas work isn’t Santa’s tremendous energy and efficiency, but a few tried and true leadership principles that can help any organization drive change more effectively.
- Inspire a Volunteer Army: Santa can’t do it alone. He has millions of volunteers in the parents and relatives of children around the world doing the heavy lifting on his behalf. Leaders that are effective at large-scale change develop a vision that appeals to both the logic and emotions of their people. When they share this vision for change it ignites the diverse motivations of their constituencies and develops sufficient critical mass willing enough to donate their discretionary time to accomplish the incredible.
- Make it Fun: One of the leadership principles that Santa understands so well is that increased involvement leads to increased commitment. Success from a child’s perspective in this case is clearly defined (i.e., get the right presents under the tree on the right night — ideally wrapped), but he leaves the HOW up to every parent and relative around the world to get the job done. Most corporate managers are well versed in producing predictability and order, but they often do this at the expense of having a little fun. While their job might be to reduce risk through planning, budgeting, organizing, and problem solving, they often over script the HOW, therefore reducing the amount of creativity and imagination their staff can apply to their work.
- Embrace Your “Rudolph”: As in Rudolph with a glowing red-nose, Santa’s 9th reindeer. The same reindeer that was unkindly hassled and excluded from the other reindeer games. But what makes Rudolph’s unusual gift so special is his ability to illuminate a clear path for his team. His radiant honker slashes through inclement weather and serves as an aligning beacon to follow just as a clearly articulated vision must do when faced with growing uncertainty and a rate of change that would have been unimaginable just a decade ago. Visions are not meant to be drafted by a few leaders, “cascaded down” in a few big meetings and then left to sit on a shelf like an elf, gathering dust. Our research suggests that corporate visions are under-communicated by a factor of a 10.
So while Mr. Clause may save a little time in the mornings because he doesn’t have to shave, it’s his uncanny ability to rely on his team in ways that get the most out of them that makes him the most productive man in the world.
Justin Wasserman is an engagement leader at Kotter International, a firm that helps leaders accelerate strategy implementation in their organizations. Follow Kotter International on Twitter @KotterIntl, on Facebook, on LinkedIn, or sign up for the Kotter International Newsletter.Famed voice actor Gilbert Gottfried gives a reading that can only be described as "sensual."
Expecto Patreonum!
Become a patron via my Patreon page and you can help me produce quality nerdy things.
For more information on how this works, please read this post. Thanks!
Wednesday, May 23, 2012
WNW: Fifty Shades of Gilbert
Posted by Erin Palette at 5/23 caught this the other day. Hilarity.
Bonus points for imagining Iago from Aladdin or the Aflack duck reading Fifty Shades of Grey.Before we begin, if you’ll allow some personal influence, I should point out that Ron Harper is my favorite basketball player. Ever.
He missed this one, though.
A few years back, the satirical newspaper The Onion decided to delve into the world of sports, silly them, producing a typically hilarious page under the tag of ‘Onion Sports.’ And earlier this week, that arm published a piece about a fictional Ron Harper, purportedly talking up his time on the 1992 and 1996 Men’s USA “Dream Team,” culling together lines like this:
.
Solid work, all around. Harp wasn’t a part of those Dream Teams, and he merely scored just five points and registered one assist in Michael Jordan’s legendary “flu game,” and also he may have been unaware that The Onion is all about laffs and jokes:
This is just fine. The Onion remains America’s finest news source, Onion Sports still does fine work, and Ron Harper remains our favorite basketball player. Ever. The man could lash out at Spinal Tap for being a terrible rock and roll band and we’d still defend him while stomping our boots.
- - - - - - -
- Sports & Recreation
- Basketball
- Ron HarperInformation
- Member: Angelyco
- Studio: Lawrence Productions
- Title: Project Editor II: Round 1 Entry
- Premiered: 2009-10-12
- Categories:
- Song:
- Bon Jovi We Weren't Born To Follow
- Anime:
- Comments: This was my entry for Project Editor II: Round 1. The theme was "Tribute To Your Favorite Anime." I decided to use Gurren Lagann to this song because it highlights what the entire series is about--fighting back and not giving in to fear.
This video won the Coordinator's Award for "Best Atmosphere" and placed 8 out of 18, not bad considering all of the veteran editors who participated.
Enjoy!: youth ministry
Speed Mentoring
This past weekend, our church held its third annual all-church retreat at a conference center in the mountains near San Diego. CABC@PineValley, as the retreat is known, is designed to bring all ages of the church together for a weekend …  Leave a comment
D6 conference this week in Dallas
I’ll be heading off this week for a conference in Dallas which is called D6, named after the oft-quoted passage in Deuteronomy 6 which commands parents to know the commandments of God and to “impress” them on their children in … 
Posted in Ministry Tagged College Avenue Baptist Church, D6 Conference, Ministry, Parenting, youth ministry Leave a comment
New Leadership for Youth Specialties
Youth Specialties is the ministry that Mike Yaconelli and I started back in 1968 to provide resources and training for people who do youth ministry in the church. I don’t think the mission of YS has changed much since I … 
Posted in Ministry Tagged Mark Matlock, Tic Long, youth ministry, Youth Specialties, YouthWorks Leave a comment
Reviews of Reinventing Youth Ministry [Again]
Since my book Reinventing Youth Ministry [Again] came out last month it has received a few very positive reviews that have been very encouraging to me. To tell you the truth, I was worried about how this book would be … 
Posted in Ministry Tagged books, Reinventing Youth Ministry [Again], youth ministry Leave a comment
National Youth Workers Convention 2010
I just returned from the National Youth Workers Convention in Nashville (Youth Specialties). I was a speaker at both the Nashville and the San Diego YS conventions this year, an honor for me given that I’m well past my prime … 
Posted in Ministry Tagged Nashville, National Youth Workers Convention, Tic Long, youth ministry, Youth Specialties, YouthWorks 2 CommentsDiggy Simmons Songs
Song: Can't Relate
While most of us already know and understand that Diggy Simmons lives a lifestyle many just Can’t Relate to, sometimes it’s nice to have a little reminder. Wait, no it’s not. Anyway,... More
Posted one month ago
Featuring: French Montana
Song: Ain't Bout to Do
Fresh off blessing our front page with Honestly, a reader-approved jam dedicated to his better half, Diggy Simmons returns to the Booth with something a little more club-ready—and a tad bit less... More
Posted 6 months ago
Last we heard from Diggy Simmons, on May video single My Girl, he was in the process of turning a woman of interest into his main chick. Well, it seems he succeeded, and five months down the line he... More
Posted 7 months ago
Featuring: Trevor Jackson
Sometimes all a girl wants is an apology for the jerks that did her wrong in the past. I’m sure most girls wouldn’t mind that apology coming from Diggy or Trevor Jackson. On his first new... More
Posted one year ago
Song: 4 Letter Word
Album: Unexpected Arrival
As fresh and fly young rapper, Diggy Simmons had to include a little something for female fans on his debut set. Sure enough, potential single 4 Letter Word is a puppy-love anthem par excellance, with... More
Posted 3 years ago
Now that he’s arrived, is Diggy Simmons here to stay? Roughly a month after the release of the his debut full-length, the question remains one of intense debate throughout the hip-hop... More
Posted 3 years ago
Editor's Pick
As an ‘80s baby it was frankly shocking to see LOX alum Jadakiss on a track with teen phenomenon Diggy Simmons, but ten years ago who could have predicted that we’d someday be watching video on... More
Posted 3 years ago
Song: Do It Like You
Update: Click “Listen Now” above to watch Diggy’s “Do It Like You” video. Ah, young love…. On Do It Like You, the latest single off his Atlantic Records debut, rap... More
Posted 3 years ago
Song: Just Begun
Starting around the summer of 2010 our pages were flooded with new releases from Diggy Simmons as he made his introduction to the world. Since then, however, that flood has slowed to a drip for the... More
Posted 3 years ago
Artist: Mindless Behavior
Featuring: Diggy Simmons
Song: Mrs. Right
They say that youth is wasted on the young, and now that I’m getting up there in years I know the saying’s true. Looking back, early years were nothing but good times – does it get any better... More
Posted 3 years ago
Song: Copy, Paste
Much-buzzed-about rap up-and-comer (and carrier of the great Rev Run’s genes) Diggy Simmons marks his official entrance into the game with the inaugural single off his forthcoming LP. Copy,... More
Posted about 4 years ago
Artist: Omen (Producer)
Featuring: Diggy Simmons | Mike Jaggerr
The title of Omen‘s forthcoming set, along with politically-charged lead single Negro Spiritual, seem to suggest a project packed from top to bottom with hard-hitting social commentary – but,... More
Posted 4 years ago
Featuring: Bruno Mars_13<<
Artist: Consequence 4 years ago
_15<<
Featuring: Pharrell Williams | Lupe Fiasco
Whether you think of Diggy Simmons as a serious emcee, gimmick, spoiled brat or some combination of all of the above, one thing is undeniable - he’s going big. Being the son of a hip- hop legend,... More
Posted 4 years ago
Song: Thinkin Bout
What’s 15-year-old rap hopeful (and Rev Run progeny) Diggy Simmons been up to since he gave Boothgoers What They Been Waiting For back in mid-May? Well, on the positive tip, he was chosen as a... More
Posted 4 years ago
While Diggy Simmons’ first feature, Come to Rock (Freestyle), left most Booth readers convinced that the 15-year-old rapper had what it took to make a name for himself outside the shadow of his... More
Posted 5 years ago
Song: Come to Rock (Freestyle)
Besides growing up in a mansion, playing basketball on your own private court and trips around the world, the life of a celebrity child is rough, especially if they want to follow in their famous... More
Posted 5 years ago
Sample Text - Sample Link
0:00
3:00
HideReviews for Honda Civic years:
Owners' Reviews
2011 Honda Civic Reviews and Owner Comments
1 ReviewWrite Your Review
Overall Score (1 review)
- 2011 Honda CivicVisitor, Boston, MA, December 24, 2014 12:51Very fast powerful car. I have SI sedan engine is superb love digital tachometer sporty and comfortable automatic trans is smooth while I have agile handling. It is a decent car love everything on it would recommend buying a Civic but now shopping for a Pilot.One of the features iPhone users don't get to enjoy compared to their iPod brethren is mass storage--the option to use the device as a portable hard drive. Despite the iPhone's 4 and 8GB capacities, Apple isn't giving folks access to that beautiful free space. Not to fear though, eCamm Network has iPhone users covered with a $10 piece of Mac software called iPhoneDrive that turns the phone into a mass storage device.
Once installed, the program lets you send files of any size (iPhone storage permitting) back and forth. It also supports drag and drop. Unlike similar products for the PC, like Mediafour's MacDrive, the iPhone won't just show up as a storage-ready device in your finder. Another thing to note is that this software requires the latest version of Mac OS X, and iTunes 7.3, so Panther holdouts are out of luck.Such a great read, lots of history, great characters and hope there is more to come. Could not put down and that is my idea of a great book.Published 2 months ago by wintergirl
For the most part, this story itself was entertaining once I got past the slow beginning, but there were too many things about this book that bothered me. Read morePublished 4 months ago by Sea Laughing
There’s history. There’s mystery. There’s romance.
Bristol House by Beverley Swerling is complex and rich. Read more
Not great, not horrible. Too detailed in history and building that web made it long and confusing in some parts.Published 6 months ago by Tasha L. Frisinger
I thoroughly enjoyed Bristol House! The painstaking and meticulous development of both the plot and characters enabled me to accept as credible what would otherwise be an... Read morePublished 6 months ago by Mark H.
INTERESTING.
The concept, that is. Though sometimes I became a little confused. Still Beverly Swerling novels now go on my wish to read list.Re: Obit. lookup for old Marine buddy in Medford
- In reply to: Obit. lookup for old Marine buddy in Medfordtom clarke 8/14/07
David L. Bowdoin 62,of Grants Pass died tuesday Feb.17,1998, at the veterans administration medical center in Roseburg.
Private family services will be held. Internment will be at Granite Hill Cemetery. Hull and Hull Funeral directors is in charge of arrangements.
He was born Sept. 19,1935, at Klamath Falls. He was a veteran of the U.S. Marine corps and later attended Southern oregon State College.
He worked as a Freight loader for united parcel service for 20 years until retirement. He moved to Grants Pass from San Francisco Ca. five years ago.
Bowdoin enjoyed photography, painting, and the outdoors.
Survivors include his father Willard Bowdoin of Grants Pass; four sisters Gail Sparks of Salem,Sue Bjornsen=Pender of Grants Pass, Elaine Butler of Medford and Carol Jury of Anchorage Alaska; a brother Warren Bowdoin of Bethel Alaska.
This was printed in the "Grants Pass Daily Courier"
More Replies:
- Re: Obit. lookup for old Marine buddy in Medfordtom clarke 8/15/07
- Re: Obit. lookup for old Marine buddy in Medfordsally yarbrough 8/15/07More Good News from Denver
Noting that the day was the feast of St. Francis Xavier, priest and co-founder of the Society of Jesus with St. Ignatius Loyola, Archbishop Chaput emphasized three points from the saint’s life especially relevant to the occasion. He stressed the importance of:Each of the guys ordained last week are in their early 30s. That's good -- there's a lot to be said for life experience out in the working world before going into the sem.
— friendship (community) that spurs one to achieve holiness;
— the imagination to realize God’s dream for our lives; and
— the missionary vocation of the Christian.
Despite his limited ability and inadequate resources, Francis traveled to India and Japan and in 10 years converted tens of thousands of people. Considered one of the most enthusiastic missionaries of the Church, he was canonized and named patron of the foreign missions, observed Archbishop Chaput.
“If it weren’t for the persistence of his friends, especially Ignatius, inviting him time and time again to embrace the Gospel more faithfully and fervently, he might never have done it,” the archbishop said.
On imagination he asserted: “Our communities stir our imagination to greatness and lead us to desire what is not yet but could be because of God’s wondrous and great presence in our lives.”
About the missionary vocation he said: “The missionary vocation of the Church flows from the life of the Holy Trinity — the Father sends the Son to the world, then the Son sends the Church to the world around us. Jesus said to his disciples: ‘As the Father has sent me, so now I send you. Go forth, therefore, to all nations and baptize them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.”
“You are transformed in this celebration of our sacrament today to be sent to the Church as the Father sent Jesus,” the archbishop said. He urged the men to consider that the Church and the future of our community can be different because of their ordained ministry.
Elsewhere in the DCR, the Archbishop reflects on C.S. Lewis and Christmas:
We’re already half way through Advent. What have we done to really live it?.Iomega has developed virtual PC technology that enables users to run a copy of their PC on another machine.
The v.Clone software, which was developed by EMC, uses VMWare Player to create a virtual image of a user's PC on an external Iomega hard drive. The image can then be used on another PC. Once the user reconnects the Iomega drive to the main PC, the v.Clone software synchronises data changes.
Iomega says the product allows users to run their operating system, files, settings and applications on any available PC. It claims that no data is left behind on the secondary computer, so users' files are kept secure.
People wishing to use v.Clone require an Iomega hard drive. The software is available for download from Iomega. It will only run on Windows XP, Vista or Windows 7-based PCs.Italy in Ohio So Cheap Bravo Brio Proves Takeover Bait: Real M&A
Jan. 6 (Bloomberg) -- To get one of the best deals in the restaurant industry, potential acquirers can look to a chain of Italian eateries in Ohio.
Bravo Brio Restaurant Group Inc., which lost more than a third of its market value since reaching a high six months ago, yesterday traded at 14.7 times free cash flow, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. That’s the lowest among comparable companies from BJ’s Restaurants Inc. to Texas Roadhouse Inc. and less than half the median restaurant, the data show.
Bravo Brio, which has more than 90 locations in Ohio and 29 other states, may now attract interest from Darden Restaurants Inc., owner of Olive Garden and Red Lobster, with its Brio Tuscan Grille chain of upscale Italian eateries, according to Miller Tabak & Co. Brinker International Inc. would also make sense as a buyer, B. Riley & Co. said. With Bravo Brio offering more long-term earnings growth at a cheaper price than all its competitors, the company may command a 50 percent premium in a takeover, according to Fifth Third Asset Management.
“This is a company that clearly has some runway of growth in front of it,” Destin Tompkins, a Nashville, Tennessee-based analyst at Morgan Keegan & Co., said in a telephone interview. “It becomes potentially an acquisition target.”
Ashley Swenson, a spokeswoman for Columbus, Ohio-based Bravo Brio, said it isn’t considering selling itself and hasn’t been approached about a deal by either Darden or Brinker.
Bravo Brio Chief Executive Officer Saed Mohseni is “very confident that as a standalone company we can continue to grow,” Swenson said via telephone.
Today’s Trading
Rich Jeffers, a spokesman for Orlando, Florida-based Darden, and Maureen Locus of Dallas-based Brinker said their companies don’t comment on takeover speculation.
Bravo Brio shares climbed 2.5 percent to $16.48 today in New York, the third-biggest gain in the Russell 2000 Restaurants Index of 28 companies.
Founded in 1992, Bravo Brio has 47 Bravo! Cucina Italiana restaurants that focus on casual dining with chefs that cook pizza, pasta and steak in view of its patrons, its website said. The company also operates 37 Brio Tuscan Grille eateries.
After raising $161 million in its October 2010 initial public offering, shares of Bravo Brio surged 78 percent to $24.96 a share on June 28. The stock then retreated as much as 42 percent on concern a deteriorating U.S. economic recovery would curb demand for higher-end restaurants, according to Stephen Anderson, a New York-based analyst at Miller Tabak.
Relative Value
Bravo Brio ended at $16.08 a share yesterday, or about 14.7 times its cash from operations of $1.09 a share, after deducting capital expenses, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
The median multiple for comparable “high-growth” restaurants cited by Miller Tabak stood at 37.7 times free cash, while Louisville, Kentucky-based Texas Roadhouse, the second-cheapest eatery in the group, traded at 17.8 times.
Bravo Brio’s so-called PEG ratio, which compares a company’s price-earnings ratio with its projected profit growth, also shrank to 0.94, data compiled by Bloomberg show. That means among its competitors, Bravo Brio offers buyers the greatest potential earnings power at the lowest relative price.
Darden could use Bravo Brio to help counter a decline in revenue at Olive Garden, where same-store sales in November fell by the most in almost two years, according to Miller Tabak’s Anderson. Bravo Brio, which is opening more upscale restaurants nationwide, could also boost Darden’s growth, he said.
Meal Prices
The average check at Brio Tuscan Grille was about $25 per person, almost 60 percent higher than Olive Garden, which charged about $16 per guest, according to company filings.
Darden as an acquirer “makes complete sense,” said Conrad Lyon, a Los Angeles-based analyst at B. Riley.
Bravo Brio “matches well with the likes of a Darden,” he said. “It would assimilate well given the Italian concept -- that’s what they know with Olive Garden -- and with a theoretically newer, more upscale brand.”
Brinker, with more than 1,500 restaurants in 32 countries, may also be interested in bolstering its Maggiano’s Little Italy chain by picking up Bravo Brio, according to B. Riley’s Lyon.
Analysts estimate that sales at Bravo Brio will increase 14 percent this year, versus a 2 percent increase for Brinker, data compiled by Bloomberg show.
“They’re very definitely poised to grow,” George Henning, president and chairman of Pacific Global Investment Management Co. in Glendale, California, which manages about $450 million and holds about 400,000 shares of Bravo Brio, said in a telephone interview. “It’s definitely a chain that will get close scrutiny” from potential acquirers, he said.
‘Very Much Undervalued’
On its own, analysts estimate that Bravo Brio is worth about $24.83 a share, data compiled by Bloomberg show. That’s 54 percent more than its closing price yesterday.
Scott Billeadeau, who helps oversee about $17 billion at Fifth Third in Minneapolis and is considering buying shares of Bravo Brio, says any potential acquirer would have to willing to pay at least $25 a share to convince the board to sell.
Bravo Brio is “very much undervalued,” said Miller Tabak’s Anderson. “At this kind of valuation, I wouldn’t be surprised if it were a strategic acquisition.”.After many years living on a small farm in the sandhills just north of Mitchell, Nebraska, Jim Rey and his wife now live outside of Durango, CO. In Nebraska he was surrounded by wide-open prairies to the south and east, the Rocky Mountains to the west, and the tall grass ranges to the north. The equally magnificient but truly different landscape of Colorado will continue to provide a proper setting for his field studies and serve as an inspiration for his paintings of life in the American West.
Documenting the West of his time, Jim visits ranches to paint field studies and photograph action scenes. His love of horses has led him to study, paint and photograph the wild horse in its environment. However, now and then, he travels to either the east or the west coast for an "ocean fix", where he can enjoy painting a completely different subject matter.
Collected nationally and internationally, Jim's work has also been exhibited in many noted shows and locations including the Fredric Remington Museum in New York.
His paintings have been used by Bantam Books for covers of Louis L'Amour and Bonanza hardback and paperback books, as well as, audiocassette covers and calendars.
Articles regarding Jim paintings have been published in Southwest Art, Art of the West, Artists of the Rockies, Art Talk and International Fine Art Magazine, as well as others. His work has also been featured in numerous newspapers in the western United States.David Chandler
- Born: October 15, 1944 (New York, New York)
Education
- 1966: SB, Massachusetts Institute of Technology
- 1969: PhD, Harvard University (Chemical Physics)
Major Positions
- 1969–1970: University of California, San Diego, Research Chemist
- 1970–1983: University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, Assistant Professor to Professor of Chemistry
- 1983–1985: University of Pennsylvania, Professor of Chemistry
- 1986–present: University of California, Berkeley, Professor of Chemstry
Other Positions
- 1977–1978: Columbia University, Visiting Associate Professor of Chemistry
Selected Awards and Honors
- 1995: National Academy of Sciences, Member
- 2001: American Physical Society, Herbert P. Broida Prize
- 2005: American Physical Society, Irving Langmuir Prize in Chemical Physics
Home >> Browse >> Biographies >> David ChandlerPlease Wait - Updating Your Shopping Cart
Professional T from 5.11 has all your favorite T-shirt features so you can be comfortable and maintain a neat and professional appearance.
5.11 Tactical Sizing Information
Terms Of Sale |
Privacy |
Advantage |
*Some exclusions and limitations apply, learn more. Copyright © fully expected some
feelings of isolation after my baby was born and I quit my job. But
when my baby was born with a heart problem, all of a sudden I felt really
alone. Aside from all the medical issues I had to deal with, there was
the emotional pain. It was painful to go to mothers' groups where everyone
had babies with normal problems. Their concerns seemed so small compared
to mine. They worried about being awakened at night to nurse. I worried
about going to the hospital in the middle of the night. It seemed as
if no one there had had an experience similar to mine. I love my sweet
baby girl and wouldn't trade her for the world, but sometimes I feel
like all day every day with her extraordinary needs is just too much.
What do other mothers of special needs children do to avoid feeling
alone and overwhelmed?
Having a baby with life-threatening
complications really puts life in a different perspective. My first
son was born with a complex congenital heart defect. I remember vividly
my feelings at the time. Sometimes I just wanted to shout, "Who
cares about that?" How could I find the emotional strength to pump
after giving my baby over to strangers so they could open his little
chest, not knowing if I would see him alive again? What about all those
wires and tubes? What about nursing my baby when he was in pain? These
are the issues I grappled with, mostly alone because I couldn't find
anyone with whom I could truly relate. I prayed a lot and relied on
family for emotional and practical support, but I still feel I had to
bear the "mother pain" alone.
Even though I often had a
very different perspective and different concerns, I still found other
mothers to be a tremendous support. Just listening to them voice some
of the typical concerns of parenting helped. Often, things I thought
I worried about because of my son's medical problems were just normal
new mother worries. Knowing other mothers had many of the same fears
and worries helped me feel a little more normal. Also, hearing all the
benefits of breastfeeding for every baby kept me motivated to continue
nursing even when it was complicated. My baby really needed the benefits
of breastfeeding! It was the one thing I could actively do to help him.
That really empowered me. He'll be five years old this spring. He is
very bright with a strong spirit-real joy in our lives!
Cheryl Clifton
San Diego, CA USA
I am the parent of five children;
my fourth child has autism. While I do not have the problem of going
to the hospital with him, I do sometimes envy mothers of average children
who sail effortlessly through their various developmental milestones.
The thing that has helped me the most has been to join online support
groups for my son's disability. Websites like yahoogroups.com offer
support groups for all kinds of situations. You can probably find one
that suits your needs and make friends on it. The best part for me is
that whatever times I have available, someone is likely to be there
for me. I have email friends whose children have autism who live in
England, New Zealand, Canada, and Australia. We can share our hopes
and concerns, and discuss our common problems. I bet somewhere there
is a group that would meet your needs and if there isn't, then consider
starting one!
Salli Gamez
Portage Ml USA
My heart goes out to you.
I fully understand how hard it is to feel alone with a baby who is different
fiom other babies. My oldest child has special needs, and her infancy
and toddlerhood were very painful for me. I often felt very isolated,
especially when I was with mothers whose babies were developing typically.
Over the years, I have found it most heIpful to talk to other women
whose babies have some sort of medical problem or developmental disability.
There's a sense of fellowship there that I haven't found anywhere else.
Perhaps the hospital social worker or the nurses who care for your baby
can help you find other mothers who have babies with similar issues.
Many mothers find support groups helpful. You might find one at your
baby's hospital or the parent organization that corresponds to your
babys diagnosis. Again, the social worker or nurses should be able to
put you in touch with one. If your baby is in an early intervention
program (a program for babies and toddlers who are at risk of developmental
delay), you may find parent support and networking there. I urge you
to reach out and find another mother in a similar situation to talk
with. It makes a world of difference. All best wishes and a hug to you.
Maggie Orr
Newtonville MA USA
My second child was born
with Down syndrome and a heart problem. I remember hesitating to tell
people about my daughter's problems because it seemed such a lot of
bad news to relay to them, especially to other mothers in my La Leche
League Group. But this was the way things were, and I found that talking
openly about it helped both others and myself Talking about my concerns
with other mothers was a whole lot better than just rehearsing them
over and over in my brain. I tried not to go on for too long and to
be hopeful in what I said, and I answered questions about my babys health
problems patiently. I found that accepting others' natural concern for
me and for my baby, though not always easy, made my worries more bearable.
It was sometimes hard to
be around other babies who were about the same age as my daughter. I
made a conscious effort not to compare her to others and not to compare
our situations. Doing so only left me feeling sorry for myself instead,
I focused on things I had in common with other mothers-not getting enough
sleep, diapering woes, how babies all have very different personalities.
While the problems I was facing were of a different magnitude than those
faced by mothers of normal babies, the problems still fell into the
same categories: Is my baby healthy, growing and developing well? Am
I a good mother? There was common ground for discussion.
It is also enormously helpful
to find a support group or at least other families who have experienced
the sort of difficulties you are facing with your daughter. Perhaps
the heart specialist who is caring for your daughter or someone on the
hospital staff could put you in touch with another mother who has dealt
with similar issues.
Being home all day with a
tiny infant is difficult for most women, especially first-time mothers
who may not have anticipated what these early months are really like.
Do what you need to do to take care of yourself physically, emotionally,
and spiritually. While,you may feel that your tiny, delicate daughter
needs you every single minute, you may need a break from time to time.
Encourage your husband to get involved in your babys care, as well as
close friends and family members. With someone you trust caring for
your daughter, yoteu be able to get out and take a walk or just get
away for an hour or two. Do something you love to do, that will take
your mind off your problems. Adjusting to being at home with a baby
is hard, even under-the best of circumstances. Reassure yourself that
you are doing the best you can in a
difficult situation, and that things will get better. Worry only about
what you need to worry about today, and spend lots of time loving your
baby. Things will get better-sooner rather than later.
Gwen Gotsch
Oak Park IL USA
As the mother of an 18-month-old
daughter with Spina Bifida, I offer you some of my thoughts on being
the mother of a special needs child.
First, you may need to work
through a period of grieving. You are not mourning your daughter, whom
I'm sure you feel lucky to have, but you maybe mourning the child you
didn't have. The "perfect" child, the one you were "expecting."
It seemed to me after my daughter was born that I saw these perfect
babies everywhere and I struggled with feelings of jealousy.
But in time, I came to see
that my playgroup and LLL meetings could serve as a forum for me to
see my child as a "normal" baby. After all, I was also dealing
with sleep deprivation, cracked nipples, and a toddler. While I am very
willing to discuss my daughter's medical issues, I see now that she
is more than any medical diagnosis. She is Hannah, a ull human being
with unlimited potential. So I tried to focus more on the regular baby
concerns I had when attending such groups.
By attending such groups,
I made some new friends who are supportive and concerned about my daughter
and me. I also came to see there are a lot more special needs children
than I previously thought. Some special needs are obvious to the casual
observer, and some are not. And I am now able to offer a hug or a word
of encouragement to other new mothers of special chddren.
I also urge you to seek out any assistance your community offers. Perhaps
this is something you can discuss with your baby's health care provider
or a social worker. You may find a playgroup for special needs children.
I urge you to stay with your
mothers' groups, especially LLL. You may not recognize how difficult
this time is until you are past it, and allowing yourself to become
isolated can make things more difficult. In time, you will make peace
with your daughter's difficulties, and be able once more to smile at
the "perfect" babies.
Karen Coomber
Auburn MA USABinghamton University President Harvey Stenger's Quarterly Report - December 31, 2013
As we come to the end of the fall semester and prepare for the new year, I would like to reflect on some of the University’s achievements since classes began in September. While we’ve not had any excitement comparable to President Barrack Obama’s visit in August, it was nonetheless a very busy and productive quarter, highlighted by implementation of key features of our Road Map, a significant expansion of enrollment as well as faculty hiring, and increasing contributions to the economic health and well-being of our community and state.
Reading this last sentence, I realize that much of the work that a University does can sound dry and abstract, so it is always important to look around and see the real impact that the University has on the lives of our students, graduates, and friends in the community. So let me begin this review by mentioning some of the events and activities where the University touched people in a direct and visible way.
The past semester offered numerous occasions for celebration and excitement for students and alumni. In October, we held a very successful Homecoming, with more than 600 alumni in attendance. I enjoyed watching them reconnect with the University and marvel at the changes that have taken place since they were students. But Homecoming offers much more than an opportunity to reminisce with classmates and professors; these days our Homecomings are as much about networking and engaging as they are about sports and entertainment, with conferences and panel discussions on a variety of topics of interest to graduates at all stages of their careers.
In December, we also celebrated the achievements of our newest alumni at the annual Fall Commencement. More than 700 students graduated from the University this semester, and over 400 of them walked across the stage during the Commencement ceremony at the Events Center. Former President Lois B. DeFleur, who served the campus for nearly two decades, was among those in the audience. Her efforts were crucial at a time when the University’s mission was changing, and help make this an internationally recognized research university. As I told the Commencement audience, the campus and community owe her — and all of our previous presidents — a great debt for their work to make this a remarkable University.
December is also the time when current students are busy finishing papers and projects and studying hard for exams. This can be a taxing few weeks for students. In an effort to lessen the tension, for the second year we embarked on “De-Stress December,” with daily activities designed to help students cope with the demands of approaching finals. Residential Life, the Office of the Dean of Students, Campus Recreation and Sodexo have worked together to provide students with free food, opportunities for exercise and stress-reducing recreation, including the always-popular “therapy puppies.”
Despite the challenges and concerns students face at the end of the semester, our campus community has come together to provide happiness for the children of the community. Each year students, faculty and staff give generously to holiday food and gift drives, and this year was no exception. In all, the campus community collected thousands of dollars for the local food bank and gathered toys for hundreds of local children through programs such as Hand-to-Heart, Operation SAnta, Toys for Tots and the annual Chanukah Toy Drive. These activities are important for the University, providing opportunities for students to develop connections with the community, for the campus to develop partnerships with local schools and charitable agencies, and most of all, to demonstrate that we are an engaged and supportive part of the community.
While the activities I’ve mentioned — Homecoming, Commencement, finals and holiday charity — are traditional aspects of life at Binghamton University, each of these has grown and evolved over the past year or two, as the University has received new revenues, implemented our Road Map and strengthened our connections to the local community. This trajectory suggests that next year will be even better!
IMPACT OF NYSUNY 2020 AND PREDICTABLE TUITION
One of the key features of NYSUNY 2020 is the Predictable Tuition Plan that has provided a burst of new resources for the campus at a critical point in our history. As I testified at a recent hearing held by the New York State Assembly Committee on Higher Education, predictable tuition has had an immense, positive impact at Binghamton. From the perspective of students and family, predictable tuition has made it possible to more accurately estimate college costs. Additionally, a significant portion of these funds has been set aside to provide support for economically disadvantaged students. But most importantly, it also has provided the resources to significantly expand our faculty — with a real effect both on student outcomes and University-led research and scholarship activities.
Clearly, NYSUNY 2020 has made a difference for our campus, particularly as we are now in the second year of our hiring initiative. During this period, the University has seen a net gain of 93 tenure-track faculty — 67 of them net new tenure-track faculty. Building on this success, we have 55 searches under way for the 2014-15 academic year, 32 of them will bring us net new faculty, putting us ahead of pace to meet our NYSUNY 2020 goal of 150 new faculty by 2017.
Talk about impact: These hires are helping us bring our student-to-faculty ratio down to our goal of 19:1, even as our student enrollment climbs toward our goal of 17,000 students by 2017. This ratio is one of the most effective measures of educational quality on college and university campuses, and our ability to reduce it will inevitably lead to higher-quality students and an increase in educational visibility and reputation.
We have approached these faculty hires from a strategic perspective, based not only on their impact on teaching but also with an eye to enhancing scholarship and research at Binghamton. While there has been hiring across the University, much of it has been concentrated in fields associated with our Transdisciplinary Areas of Excellence. Briefly, the TAE’s are broad areas of research and scholarship that address critical social, scientific, technologic, economic and cultural issues. Our five TAEs are: citizenship, rights, and cultural belonging; health sciences; material and visual worlds; smart energy; and sustainable communities. (See here for a more complete description).
Faculty have been very active in moving these TAEs forward, and the campus saw the first fruits of this when the Sustainable Communities TAE held a conference in October that drew approximately 75 participants and presenters from the University and the broader community. With Road Map funding, each TAE has also awarded its first round of seed grants to encourage faculty to develop collaborative projects that stimulate the advancement of new ideas that can build Binghamton University’s expertise toward a national reputation in their areas. In total, 13 grants were awarded and an RFP for a second round of competitive funding will be announced early in 2014. I have very high expectations for the TAEs as an organizing principle for cutting-edge research, scholarship and community outreach.
ROAD MAP PROGRESS
We also are moving forward on a number of projects identified as Road Map priorities. This year, we are funding 46 projects aligned under our five strategic priorities – Creative Activities, Learning Community, Inclusive Campus, Global Impact and Strategic Investments. Our Road Map Steering Committee has been divided into five teams that are developing metrics to assess our progress with regard to each strategic priority. We will be updating the University community regarding our progress on the Road Map website.
I also am very excited about the changes taking place in our Center for Learning and Teaching. With Road Map funding, the center is providing faculty support for educational excellence in a student-centered environment, using technology to help. For example, the CLT is supporting a number of our faculty who are now “flipping” courses, where students attend the lecture portion of the class online and do homework in the classroom. These flipped courses allow our faculty to see just where students might need assistance in grasping concepts, for a more student-focused learning experience.
Similarly, after an intense period of study, the Information Technology Services Task Force, which was led by Vice President Bahgat Sammakia, submitted its report to me. In response, I have appointed Joanne Navarro as interim chief information officer to oversee our Information Technology Services. She also will continue in her role as associate vice president for administrative services. This is an important position, as we want to leverage our technologies to increase campus innovation and improve technology in the classroom. For these reasons, we also have moved Educational Communications into the Division of Academic Affairs office, under the CLT.
ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGES
Susan Strehle, distinguished professor of English, has been named vice provost and dean of the Graduate School. She had been serving in an interim position since last January; we are pleased with the direction and progress the school has made over the past year, particularly with regard to recruiting and retention as well as significant changes to the Graduate School website.
Similarly, Laura Bronstein, professor of social work, also stepped up to serve in an interim capacity as dean of the College of Community and Public Affairs following the retirement of Founding Dean Patricia Ingraham. In December, Bronstein was appointed dean.
Meanwhile, the searches for a permanent CIO for Information Technology Services and for a permanent Vice President for Advancement are under way.
REGIONAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT GROWTH
In addition to my work guiding the University, I’ve remained very busy co-chairing the Southern Tier Regional Economic Development Council (STREDC) with Corning executive Tom Trantor. I believe this role exemplifies how the University must remain fully invested in the economic health of our region. At the same time, I’ve been very clear about my role on this important council and have recused myself from any decisions involving the University. So, it is gratifying that the STREDC values the University’s role in promoting the region’s economic health.
In December, we were pleased to learn that our region was again named a “Top Performer” during Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo’s announcement of the 2013 REDC awards. The region will receive $81.9 million for more than 85 projects. This marked the second time in two years that the region was a “top-performer,” reflecting the area’s solid planning and our ability to pool resources and ideas to strengthen the region’s economy. All told, the region has been able to leverage more than $500 million in state and private investments over the past three years to support the region’s economic growth.
Binghamton University plays a major role in several of this year’s STREDC projects and will receive $750,000 to help us develop a research-based program that would provide all University undergraduate STEM students with an authentic research experience during their four years on campus.
In addition, the University also will be a key partner in the Southern Tier High Technology Incubator located in downtown Binghamton. This project, which was a priority in last year’s STREDC proposal, has helped earn the region the designation of “Innovation Hot Spot,” in partnership with Cornell University and Corning, Inc., and will receive a share of $250,000 from the state for support for the incubator.
We are also are working to support Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s START-UP NY initiative to encourage start-up companies. We have submitted the future downtown incubator as an eligible START-UP space, as well as the start-up suites on our Innovative Technologies campus. We have presented a draft plan to the Faculty Senate Executive Committee for how companies and space will be identified, and have incorporated the committee’s feedback into our final plan to Empire State Development. A number of local, regional and national firms have expressed interest in this partnership, and the first firm may arrive in early 2014.
Finally, I am pleased to have been appointed as a director to the board of The Research Foundation for the State University of New York, which provides essential sponsored programs administration and innovation support services to SUNY faculty and students. In my role, I am serving the board’s Research, Entrepreneurship and Innovation Committee.In early November, Binghamton University hosted a meeting of the board on campus.
Sincerely,
Harvey G. StengerSo yes, I blame the Florida Republicans on this for the lack of funding and continuing cuts of Public Education.
Man Shoots up School Board Meeting because Wife fired from Budget Cuts
This entry was posted in General Information. Bookmark the permalink.
You are an idiot blaming any political party for this. Go back to the hole you crawled out of.
Our country is corrupt people are tired of the lies and this man is a hero.
The hole I climbed out of Sir? When you decide to join us here in reality and see the suffering that people are going through, You may understand where I am coming from sir. Lets see, Reasons I blame the Florida Republicans:
While FLORIDA REPUBLICANS continue to push there agenda like CUT FUNDING FROM PUBLIC SCHOOLS standing by idly while our Waters are destroyed by oil spills and the unemployment is still at staggering levels.
SECONDLY SIR, How did this man decide to fight his issue? With a gun. He uses guns to solve problems and attacks government, which if I have been out of said hole long enough…….is a right-wing concept.
THIRDLY SIR, Allow me to link you to an article on the future Governors public education plan and If you don’t agree with me by the end of it that he is destroying Public Education, You must have been in that hole right next to me
READ THIS SIR!Video: Barack Obama Isn’t Destroying This Country By Accident…
Mac Slavo
November 7th, 2013
SHTFplan.com
We could give you a laundry list of reasons for why we think this country is going down the drain… But Drinking with Bob pretty much sums it up in this two minute video.
Look around… it’s a friggin’ disaster.Join Now
Join ePHOTOzine, the friendliest photography community.
Upload photos, chat with photographers, win prizes and much more for free!
Get on1's Perfect Effects 9.5 for FREE! (£48 value)
Anthony | Send a Private Message | Visit My Website | Twitter | Facebook
Greetings good earth people, and welcome to my wee corner of EPZ.
Anthony's Award Gallery
Here you can see the photos that this user has given a user award to.Bacon Lettuce Tomato (Blt) Dip-Really Easy & the Best You'll
Total Time
Prep 5 mins
Cook 5 mins worry, you'll wont miss it!
Ingredients Nutrition
- 8 ounces cream cheese (softened)
- 1 cup mayonnaise (i usually use Hellmans light)
- 1 -2 bunch green onion (chopped-amt depends on your taste)
- 6 ounces bacon bits (any kind you prefer is fine-I use a bag of Oscar Mayer)
- 1 cup cheddar cheese (shredded-I usually use mild)
- 1 tomatoes (seeded and chopped-I usually use 2 as I like more tomatoes)
Directions
- Mix mayo and cream cheese.
- Add remaining ingredients. I prefer to make this the night before.
- Serve with crackers-I think this tastes best with Ritz.
Reviews
Most Helpful
Fantastic! I used 2 green onions rather than 2 "bunches" as stated assuming this was an error and I used 2 Roma tomatoes. It came out perfect. So far I have only tried it on french bread slices. I think it would be great on crackers or rolled up in tortillas as well.
Bacon Lettuce Tomato (Blt) Dip-Really Easy & the Best You'llShowing admirable resilience, the Berkshire Hills Regional School Committee has produced a revised renovation project for Monument Mountain Regional High School. It is still ambitious, though less so, and deserves a fair chance from voters.
The project will cost $51.2 million, as opposed to the $55.6 million for the original project that fell short when Great Barrington voters rejected the funding mechanism for it. The state would reimburse the district for 48 percent of the cost, or $24.3 million, and by extending the bond financing of the project from 20 years to 25 years, the annual payment by taxpayers would be reduced. On average, taxpayers in Great Barrington would be assessed 26 percent less than in the original plan, 30 percent less in Stockbridge, and 18 percent less in West Stockbridge. The latter two district communities voted to approve the original proposal.
The high school must be brought up to the standards established by state and federal building codes. Beyond that, the district wants to update the school so it meets the increased educational demands that result from an increasingly competitive, global workplace. The new science laboratories proposed in the original project and in the amended one would be particularly desirable given that industries like biotech and telecommunications will continue to grow and demand a trained workforce. Monument Mountain would be giving its students a leg up on many others when they apply to top colleges. In keeping the laboratories and greenhouse, the district is dropping and simplifying other proposals to reduce the project's cost.
The vote for the project is tentatively set for November 4 to coincide with the state and national elections. This gives the BHRSD time to make its case to voters, and it gives time for voters to consider it seriously. Great Barrington has had many costly projects to assess in recent years, but voters should consider the long run and the big picture in evaluating this new BHRSD proposal.A court convicted 26 members of a Hezbollah spy cell guilty of plotting terror attacks in Egypt. Analysts say the Lebanese militant group crossed a political red line by using Egypt as a base to send weapons to Gaza.
The retrial of Egyptian real estate tycoon Talaat Moustafa began Monday in what many see as a test of Egyptian justice. In the first trial, Moustafa was convicted of paying $2 million to hire an assassin to kill Lebanese pop star Suzanne Tamim. That verdict was thrown out by a judge recently..
Many Christians in Naga Hamadi are approaching Easter Sunday with trepidation just months after a striking episode of sectarian violence took place in their quiet city on the banks of the Nile.
Amid an escalating sectarian divide, a predominantly Muslim Egypt is touting the completed renovation of the world's oldest monastery as a symbol of tolerance and harmony with the Christian faith community.
Ahmed el-Tayeb, who holds a PhD in Islamic philosophy from the Sorbonne, is expected to be a better face for Egypt's Al Azhar University, which was once preeminent in the Sunni world.
Egypt TV showed President Hosni Mubarak sitting up and talking after having surgery last week. The incident had sparked speculation over whether he was too unwell to lead Egypt after nearly three decades in power.
Egypt has been churning with speculation after President Hosni Mubarak had surgery in Germany last week, despite official reports that he's recovering well. He has ruled the country for nearly three decades.
Egypt's president Hosni Mubarak has been in office for 28 years. With a 2011 election looming, many say his son Gamal is being groomed for an uncontested handover despite his unpopularity.
Religious ringtones featuring koranic verses irk Egypt's grand mufti, who says answering one is like interrupting God to talk on the mobile phone.
A boisterous crowd greeted former UN nuclear boss Mohamed ElBaradei in Cairo Friday and urged him to run for president. He says it's time for 'real democracy.'
The first successful DNA testing of Egyptian mummies -- including on that of King Tut -- sheds light on what caused the boy king's death, and what led to his problems in life.
Mahasen Saber started 'Divorce radio' to reverse popular conceptions of divorced women, long stimatized in Egypt's conservative society, and create a supportive community.
After Egypt vanquished Algeria 4-0 in the African Nations Cup, the country exploded in celebration.
Egypt's first female bodyguard unit empowers women while meeting a demand for increased security among wealthy women and at major events.
While Egypt’s pressure on Hamas has backed the Islamist movement into a corner, it has also inflamed Palestinian anger by doing so – and thus weakened Egypt’s power as a regional negotiator.
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood is expected to name Mohamed Badie as its new Supreme Guide on Saturday – a move that could alienate reformists and stymie their efforts to challenge President Mubarak.
With Cairo in transition, collectors scramble to save a fading era.
Israel says the wall, a $270 million project unveiled Sunday aimed at stemming immigration from Africa, will ensure its Jewish and democratic character.
Egyptian archeologists presented new evidence Monday that the people who worked on the Great Pyramids of Giza were not Jewish slaves, but paid laborers. Newly discovered tombs show construction workers were honored by being buried near the pyramids.
The attack that killed six Christians as they left a Jan. 7 Christmas mass, and the ensuing clashes between Christian protesters and Egypt's mainly Muslim security forces, may signal a turn for the worse.
A Hamas-led demonstration erupted in violence, with one Egyptian soldier killed and at least 20 Palestinians injured after clashes erupted on both sides of the Gaza-Egypt border. The Galloway aid convoy starts to arrive in Gaza.
Some 1,400 activists from 43 countries had gathered in Cairo since Sunday to mark the first anniversary of the Gaza war. Egypt says about 100 will be allowed to march into the Gaza Strip..Sushi: an impossible food-wine pairing?
Sushi, it’s still all the rage! Despite warnings from the NYT dining section about mercury levels and an economy that is softer than a fatty toro, the WSJ recently declared that “recession or no recession,” sushi “is not going anywhere.” “Iron Chef” Masaharu Morimoto pointed to the the ubiquity of sushi to go places as a sign of the degree to which it is now embedded in our culture.
You don’t have to love sushi as much as Jeremy Piven to think about which wine pairs with this delectable treat. Why not go with a trio of commonly ordered items such as salmon nigiri, tuna maki and tamago? (Or add your own favorite.) Which wine would you pair with sushi–or is it impossible?!?
On October 15th, 2009 at 11:21 am ,Christy wrote:
I would say that the wine you pair with sushi depends on the kind of sushi you’re ordering…if you’re ordering a lot of spicy sushi, go milder on the wine- a chardonnay or sauvingnon blanc. Conversely, if you have more milder tasting fare, you can go a little bolder and have a shiraz, a pinot noir or even a nice bold cabernet.
On October 15th, 2009 at 11:22 am ,ConstanceC wrote:
C’mon Dr. Vino! Haven’t you heard all the buzz?? Austrian Gruner Veltliner is THE grape to pair with Asian foods such as sushi! The crisp acidity of the native Austrian grape cuts right through spicy wasabi and other sauces and enhances the vegetables in the rolls.
As a side note, this is my favorite “impossible pairing” yet. Sushi is the best
On October 15th, 2009 at 11:22 am ,David Cole wrote:
I love to drink 2007 James David Cellars Muscat Blanc with Sushi! It’s a really light crisp dry white wine. Great nose with hints of honey dew melon and some citrus notes.
Now I’m getting hungry for sushi at 9 am, thanks for the reminder…:-)
On October 15th, 2009 at 11:29 am ,Kevin wrote:
Champagne or any sparkler is what we always have with sushi. If you dig on the spicier side of “bait”, go extra dry or demi-sec to let the sweet tame the heat. We don’t even bother with any other style of wine, so I’ll be curious to see what others suggest.
On October 15th, 2009 at 11:33 am ,Damien wrote:
Gauby Vielles Vignes Blanc. Not to beat a dead horse, it’s just good.
On October 15th, 2009 at 11:35 am ,Matt wrote:
Rieslings actually go great with sushi… Kung Fu Girl Riesling in particular.
On October 15th, 2009 at 11:39 am ,Jake wrote:
Being from Vancouver, which must have one of the highest sushi restaurants/per capita counts outside of Japan, I’ve drunk a fair amount of wine alongside sushi. I partially agree with Christy about what specifically you’re eating, but I’m talking an assortment of rolls, with some spice… California, Spicy Tuna, Prawn Tempura, maybe some sashimi…stuff like that.
My favourite is a good dry Riesling. Last one I had was the Rippon Jeunesse ’08 from Central Otago, NZ. Pairs beautifully.
On October 15th, 2009 at 11:42 am ,Michael Madrigale wrote:
Champagne, beer or Riesling-preferably trocken.
On October 15th, 2009 at 12:10 pm ,Gretchen wrote:
I just wrote a story about wine and sushi for Wine Enthusiast’s Dec. issue, which should be out soon! My favorite wine and sushi pairing is sparkling wine, not only because they’re a great sensory match but because both are an art form.
On October 15th, 2009 at 12:17 pm ,Peter Liem wrote:
All of these suggestions are excellent (particularly champagne, of course), and I fail to see how sushi could be conceived of as an impossible wine pairing. There are all sorts of wines that work well. Just don’t spill your wine on that girl.
On October 15th, 2009 at 12:19 pm ,Steve wrote:
Confused about how bold red wine would complement milder fish???
Love to see all the riesling recs, as well as the gruner and bubbly. Would add a nice fresh rose to the mix, especially for fattier fish such as tuna or salmon.
On October 15th, 2009 at 12:34 pm ,Sharon K. wrote:
There are lots of good ideas above. I just want to add Albarino from Galicia in northern Spain to the mix. Galicia is teeming with seafood, and Albarino is a natural with just about all of it.
The Spanish say Albariño has the minerality and bracing acidity of Riesling, the texture and peach/apricot character of Viognier, and the floral bouquet of Pinot Gris. It also has a zip, a zing and a flair that’s all its own.
On October 15th, 2009 at 12:41 pm ,Charlie Olken wrote:
Count me in as one who favors a medium-rich sparkling wine with sushi. The sweetness of the rice needs to be considered because each sushi house has its own preparation, but short of something so spicy that it only goes with beer or spatlese Riesling, it is the bubbles for me.
I can see Albarino and dry to off-dry Muscat as well, but it is hard for me to want anything heavy red with sushi between the tanginess of the fish and sweet/sour edge of the rice.
Now, uni, my fave, must have sparkling wine, full stop, for me, but Unagi, usually the dessert of an evening of sushi would be happy with a sweeter white.
On October 15th, 2009 at 12:44 pm ,Melinda wrote:
I still enjoy sushi despite warnings, so we just eat it in moderation. You can pair sushi with wine. I think these work great: Dry/Off-dry Riesling, Pinot Gris, Austrian Gruner Veltliner, Albarino/Alvarinho, Sauvignon Blanc (for the sushi with more greens in them), white Burgundy, crisp Burgundian style Chardonnay from the US, and crisp white blends.
On October 15th, 2009 at 12:45 pm ,castello wrote:
I suppose technically not a wine, I always have Saki with Sushi. Maybe the fancy stuff but it’s the only place Saki is the first and natural choice.
On October 15th, 2009 at 2:22 pm ,Paul Humphries wrote:
I’ve always been a staunch advocate of drinking sake or sparkling wine/champagne with sushi….especially a bottle of DVX from Mumm Napa. Last week I went with something different for our spicy maki – a bottle of ’05 Beaux Freres Pinot Noir….an excellent pairing as it turns out!
On October 15th, 2009 at 3:49 pm ,Steve Heimoff wrote:
Rosé champagne. Trust me on this one.
On October 15th, 2009 at 4:40 pm ,Dr. Vino wrote:
Some nice suggestions here. But, Christy, you will have to work to convince me about the effectiveness of shiraz!
Peter – sure, not “impossible” as, say, fried butter on a stick, might be. But we needed something more practical after that one. And wasabi is certainly an X factor here…Since you have vast expertise in both champagne and sushi, what do you find works best for you — no dosage or richer, fuller champagne?
On October 15th, 2009 at 5:00 pm ,Ben wrote:
cremant d’ alsace…always
On October 15th, 2009 at 5:12 pm ,Dale wrote:
OK…what grows together, goes together. Hard and fast rule of food and beverage pairing, right? True, the fish is from the water, but the sake is primarily water.
It’s a real shame that Americans just can’t understand the beauty of premium sake.
On October 15th, 2009 at 5:45 pm ,The Wine Mule wrote:
You’re buying, right? I’ll have some Diebolt-Vallois “Fleur de Passion” 2000!
I would also drink a nice dry Manzanilla. The Hidalgo “La Gitana” is terrific with seafood, raw or otherwise.
Bizarre to think of Gruner Veltliner as an obvious choice, but it is.
On October 15th, 2009 at 5:56 pm ,Michael wrote:
Call me crazy, but sake for me is the natural choice. The Japanese have been doing it for hundreds of years, and there are so many wonderful sakes out there! Cold, of course.
As for wine, I’d put in a vote for bubbles, particularly a sparkling rose for fattier fish.
On October 15th, 2009 at 6:24 pm ,Mike Veseth wrote:
One of my wine students works at a local sushi restaurant and says she is often asked to recommend a red wine to go with sushi. Her choice? The A to Z Pinot Noir. Personally, I think she might be on to something!
On October 15th, 2009 at 6:49 pm ,Esteban wrote:
Manzanilla de Sanlucar or Fino from Jerez. Nothing can beat than!
Esteban
On October 15th, 2009 at 6:50 pm ,Esteban wrote:
Manzanilla de Sanlucar or Fino from Jerez. Nothing can beat that!
Esteban
On October 15th, 2009 at 8:08 pm ,marc wrote:
sake = rice wine
seems fair game to me
I’m partial to warm sake
On October 15th, 2009 at 8:47 pm ,kim wrote:
I’ve had a lot of success with Spanish garnachas and fish (even white fish) so if I were to do a red, that’s what I’d go for.
But actually, I think a Vinho Verde would be very nice too.
On October 15th, 2009 at 10:33 pm ,Patrick B wrote:
I think it is really the dash of wasabi plus the vinegar in the rice that creates the curve ball, i’ve had some good success with spatlese…but with salmon, toro, or any tuna sashimi, I’ve had excellent pairing with older Barolos. The inspiration came from having carne crudo (and nebbiolo) that is so ubiquitous in piedmont.
On October 15th, 2009 at 11:23 pm ,Keith L. wrote:
No wine goes as well with sushi as sake, it’s true.
Also true: no white wine goes as well with sushi as red Burgundy. Pinot noir adores soy and has always been a natural with meatier fish. The only raw fish it really clashes with are shellfish.
On October 16th, 2009 at 12:15 am ,Carlo Orrico wrote:
Sake aside…. Costal Italian whites! (Well, actually, a prosecco would work well too) Anything like a good Insolia from Sicily, a Vermentino, Verdicchio, a Costa d’Almalfi (like Marisa Cuomo’s) or even a good Pigato or Cinque Terre Bianco.
I just find that many of these wines pick up a certain freshness and brine from the sea air they grow so close to, which just naturally well with raw fish. Keep in mind too, that the Italian version of sashimi, or crudo, is quite popular in many costal towns in the country, where its been served forever (usually drizziled with olive oil and lemon), so when traveling to one, you might find an Italian drinking one of these with their own plate of raw fish! And really, who are we to argue with them?
On October 16th, 2009 at 12:20 am ,Weston wrote:
2005 Château de Varennes Savennières. Had that at a Local High End Sushi Restaurant Fantastic the wine was kinda of simple but went so well.
Also hear Champagne goes great
On October 16th, 2009 at 6:02 am ,1WineDude wrote:
C’mon, bro, don’t jump the shark on this series. Sushi = Sparklers. Simple.
On October 16th, 2009 at 9:23 am ,Dermot the laugh wrote:
Hmmm, seems not to be impossible, given the wide range of suggestions.
BTW, Tyler I love gastro-porn and, I have to say, your choice of pics in this and recent articles suggests a naughty side to the East Coast Expert LOL
On October 16th, 2009 at 9:54 am ,Amelia wrote:
I once had a very sweet, light red called Red Fox, from the Goosewatch Winery at Saranac Lake, with some spicy tuna rolls. And it was delicious!
On October 16th, 2009 at 10:52 am ,Larry Chandler wrote:
Based on the above picture alone, I would suggest a Pussy Fuisse.
On October 16th, 2009 at 4:07 pm ,NicoRiesling wrote:
Riesling of course! We’ve created our Dry Riesling just for Sushi!!!!
On October 17th, 2009 at 8:45 am ,Michael wrote:
Champagne, BdB
Cava
Muscadet, esp. for shellfish
Chablis
Dry Rieling
I’ll skip all of that noise about the bold red, but a cru Beauj sounds fine, esp. a little chilled
Dry Sherry? Sure
Maybe a tawny if not too sweet? Sure.
Sancerre
A nice Soave
And lastly, the Montagny blanc from J.M. Boillot that I had last night would be a wonderful compliment, with light toast and lemon. In fact, I may have to do this today!
On October 17th, 2009 at 11:17 am ,alberto wrote:
Wasabi and an off-dry Riesling are great together, so that’s what I suggest there. Sake seems natural, but I like albarino and can’t wait to try that w/ sushi!!
alberto
On October 17th, 2009 at 11:47 am ,Ed from Vine Connections wrote:
Geez, even us wine guys need a change of pace. If you’re going to eat your fish raw instead of cooked, I say drink chilled Japanese ginjo sake instead of wine. A thousand years (or so) of sushi eaters can’t be wrong!
On October 17th, 2009 at 11:53 am ,Charlie Olken wrote:
Dear Ed–. :-}
On October 19th, 2009 at 12:05 am ,James Koch wrote:
Some 30 years ago I set down with the chef of a tiny Sushi restaurant in Palos Verdes, CA, tasting through 40 different wines we both thought would be the ideal wine match for his Sushi.
The wines were not ‘bought/collected’ based on our own wine/style preferences, any particular price points or brand name recognition. We bought these strictly based on certain (terroir) flavors we were hoping would either contrast or match most sushi flavors. (Wine YOU LIKE will go with anything.)
And the winner was:
A 100% Riesling Kabinett from the Middle Mosel with ‘a certain/the right’!! amount of residual sugar.
BTW, it is quite scary to see the type of wines wine distributors unload in most Sushi restaurants. IMHO, the owners of most Sushi restaurants have very, very litle wine knowledge and go along with a sales rep’s wine recommendations.
I was recently asked to go over the wine list of a small local Indian restaurant. The rep had unloaded completely over-the-hill California Chardonnays and other ‘dead’ wines from the distributor’s close-out list. Quite sad and, unfortunately, not really an exception when it comes to smaller ‘ethnic’ restaurant.
James
On October 19th, 2009 at 12:10 am ,James Koch wrote:
PS: Sparklers (perfect!) were not part of our ‘sushi wine collection’.
On October 20th, 2009 at 7:50 pm ,ted wrote:
Gruner Veltliner is my favorite with Sushi but a dry New Zealand Sauvignon blanc or a dry French rose would work too.
On October 22nd, 2009 at 1:08 pm ,ChefRob wrote:
A fruity, unoaked Chardonnay or Pinot Noir in general are the best pairings for mild, delicate sushi. For spicy sushi, a dry white such as Gruner Veltliner would pair perfectly. These are your best three wine choices. Avoid Sauvignon Blancs, Rieslings, Pinot Grigios and other reds. Sushi doesn’t pair well with highly acidic wines.
On October 22nd, 2009 at 1:09 pm ,ChefRob wrote:
Sparkling, fruity wines will also pair well..
The company was founded in 2006, and since then, has been trying to establish a toehold in the cloud management software business. The company has seen a spike in demand for its products and recently claimed that it had seen a 1000 percent increase in cloud spending, which in turn, was benefiting the company. The new funds will be used to expand their operations to Europe and Asia.
Related GigaOM Pro Research (sub req’d):
Analyizing cloud revenues: Look at the Growth, Not the numbers.
What’s being done about cloud lock-in?
Video: Michael Crandell, CEO of RightscaleMother of slain Mexican teen sues US Border Patrol U ACLU, which filed the lawsuit in federal court in Tucson on behalf of Araceli Rodriguez, says the shooting was another example trigger-happy..
Attorneys acknowledge they face an uphill battle in their case against the Border Patrol.
``This is not only about justice for the family and Border Patrol abuse, but it's potentially going to be a test case for an enormous constitutional question,'' said Lee Gelernt, deputy director of the ACLU Immigrants' Rights Project.
Gelernt that 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals decision.
Gelernt says the ACLU will continue to seek the release of the names of the agents involved in Elena Rodriguez's killing. The FBI, which is conducting an investigation, has not released any information regarding the agents involved. The Border Patrol also has kept mum about whether any agents have been disciplined in the case.
At a news conference Tuesday, the teen's grandmother pleaded for justice.
``It was a cowardly murder,'' Taide Elena Rodriguez said. ``Jose Antonio was not an animal.''Wait…the climate….has alway been changin’?
Via Instapundit, we have some poor soul who tries to demonstrate that the climate has been changing long before we started appointing bureaucrats in charge of regulating climate change..
What he said. Read the whole thing and check out the killer graphs. Perhaps the current warming is minor, and certainly doesn’t rise to “catastrophic”, IMHO.
(note: its a nanotech site, so some of the phraseology may be go over your head, or it could just be me).
[...] I know this is the 2nd time I’ve used the classic quote in a post. Its like a Seinfeld episode. There is just so much [...]It won’t surprise you that AUNE’s Department of Clinical Psychology, launched thirty years ago, was innovative right from the start.
“Even from the beginning, we imagined ourselves as visionaries,” said Roger Peterson, professor and Distinguished Senior Scholar in the Department of Clinical Psychology, who joined the first PsyD faculty in the fall of 1982. “Coming out of the seventies, we were less hierarchical and more open to new ways of thinking. We were alternative! We were really trying to do something different in clinical psychology education.”
That something was to educate psychologists as practitioner-scholars, well-rounded clinicians with a broad range of skills and competencies who would be integrated into their communities, especially important in rural New England. It ran counter to the typical doctoral program of the day which trained people in narrow research areas, with an academic rather than practical focus.
It put AUNE at the leading edge of an emerging Doctor of Psychology (PsyD) movement which emphasized preparing graduates for clinical practice as a primary focus. It educated students through an inclusive, generalist philosophy that taught many different approaches to practicing psychology and the many roles that graduates might be called on to play in their vocations.
At the Beginning
When the program opened in June 1982, AUNE was located on Roxbury Street. It was the beginning of the expansion of psychological services across the country. AUNE’s PsyD program was initially directed by David L. Singer, who was also director of AUNE’s master’s in psychology program and taught at AUNE from 1977 to 1993.
Twenty students were admitted that first semester, ten in the first-year program and ten in the second-year program. In 1982, there were just two full-time core faculty members, David Singer and Roger Peterson. There were some part-time faculty too, Colby Smith, who has been with AUNE since 1977. At the time, matriculating students were required to have a master’s degree, a requirement that was dropped in the early 1990s. (Now, about 25 percent of students entering the PsyD program have a master’s.) There were only twenty-six PsyD programs in the United States; now there are at least three times that number, but AUNE’s is still the only clinical psychology doctoral program in New Hampshire. The American Psychological Association awarded the program its first accreditation in 1986.
The PsyD had been essentially founded by Donald Peterson, professor of psychology at Rutgers University and a mentor to Roger, in the 1960s. In the 1990s, Roger and some national colleagues went on to develop the professional training model now used by most PsyD programs in the country. One element of that model is the Professional Seminar, originated at AUNE as part of our practitioner-scholar approach to clinical psychology. The ProSem model asks students, working in groups, to regularly learn academic material, examine self-in-role, and discuss their clinical work. It promotes self-reflection said Colby, now a professor of clinical psychology, who started as an adjunct faculty member at AUNE in 1977.
Focus on Rural Mental Health
AUNE PsyD faculty were leaders in training psychologists who would be practicing in rural areas. At the time there were only a handful of psychologists in New England. “We were building a program that had enhancing of rural mental health as one of its goals,” Colby said. “(Adult learners) could drive here one or two days a week; they didn’t have to move to the city. We thought of it as community intervention. Now our graduates are practicing and supervising all over New England.”
Roger had taught and practiced in the rural Upper Peninsula of Michigan before coming to AUNE. “We were all grounded in the interpersonal, the philosophy that the central things that are curative are a person’s relationships, and you have to understand the person within context, he said. Because we were in a rural area, we were going to be practicing in all kinds of contexts and you had to have exposure to all kinds of settings. So AUNE’s approach was intentionally generalist, to prepare graduates for the variety and complexity of circumstances they would face.”
AUNE’s PsyD department itself had a close sense of community. “We were small enough to have a community model and discuss training issues over dinner. Also, a group of early faculty had a group private practice together,” Roger said. “The faculty was more collaborative, consistent with the times but different than many academic programs at the time.”
Today there are more core faculty members than there were a quarter century ago. More students and faculty live in the Keene area, and the students are generally younger these days.
During the 1990s, Singer, Peterson, and Kathi Borden, the current chair of the PsyD program, all served as presidents of the National Council of Professional Schools (NCSSP), a major distinction for the program. Their influence helped move NCSPP educational model into the national arena.
PsyD Centers Involve Community
Several centers housed in the PsyD Department reflect faculty and student involvement in the community. Two years before AUNE left Roxbury Street for Avon Street, the PsyD Department opened the Psychological Services Center, a training clinic for PsyD students which offers mental health services to community members. “We made a commitment to having an important part of our training here; our faculty supervises them, and through the clinic we are involved with the community,” Colby said.
The Center for Research on Psychological Practices (CROPP) was founded in 1996 as a research center incorporating applied clinical research and evaluation skills, especially in the area of health care systems.
In 2000, the Multicultural Center for Research and Practice was started to foster multiculturalism, social justice, and, through its support of Support Group for Ethnic and Racial Diversity (SERD)/Disaster Shakti, community service. It reflects the philosophy that AUNE’s PsyD program was built on thirty years ago.
The spirit that was at the beginning is still here today, we are for social justice and I think we were from the beginning, Roger said. The relationship and growth of people as professionals is also here. It’s deep in the roots of AUNE.Teva Mush II Solid Flip Flop
$24.95
Item # dsw12prod4960068
UPC # 887278871576
UPC # 887278871576
Searching for the perfect flip flop to take on your next beach
March 10, 2015
""
September 05, 2014
"I have wore them to work and to the beach. They are great"
April 03, 2014
I buy a new pair of these every year
"In most shoes I'm a 6.5, in these I'm a 7 and they're PERFECT for my short toes and high arches. I love the fabric straps and toe piece, the straps are thick and supportive and the toe piece is bent in a V-shape so that it doesn't chafe.These are the perfect sporty flip flop, but are VERY slippery when the treads wear out (thus the new pair every spring)."
Click anywhere to close this.Best Selling
Contributor
News and investigations (1)
Price
All
Language
English (4)
Protection
All (4)
From the Red Room in Twin Peaks to Club Silencio in Mulholland Drive, the work of David Lynch contains some of the most remarkable spaces in contemporary culture. Richard Martin's compelling study is the first...
Explores how, since its apparent demise in the late fifties, the noir genre has been revitalized during the post-studio era.
A riveting look at how an alternative source of energy is revoluntionising nuclear power, promising a safe and clean future for millions, and why thorium was sidelined at the height of the Cold War
In this...
Since the late 18th century, when it emerged as a source of heating and, later, steam power, coal has brought untold benefits to mankind. Even today, coal generates almost 45 percent of the world's power. Our...Subscribers: Sign in
The inventors whose offerings are inventoried in this week’s video are not identified, but the outfit that compiled the collection is Listing 10, which has a website, a Facebook page, and lots and lots of lists.
After you’ve pondered the usefulness of the inventions, you might want to visit Listing 10’s website and reflect on the compulsion to make and read (and watch) lists..- OSI-Approved Open Source (79)
- GNU General Public License version 2.0 (51)
- GNU General Public License version 3.0 (11)
- BSD License (6)
- GNU Library or Lesser General Public License version 2.0 (6)
- Academic Free License (5)
- Artistic License (2)
- Affero GNU Public License (1)
- Apache License V2.0 (1)
- Common Development and Distribution License (1)
- Common Public License 1.0 (1)
- Computer Associates Trusted Open Source License 1.1 (1)
- Eclipse Public License (1)
- Educational Community License, Version 2.0 (1)
- GNU Library or Lesser General Public License version 3.0 (1)
- MIT License (1)
- Other License (4)
- Public Domain (2)
- Linux (79)
- Windows (79)
- Grouping and Descriptive Categories (73)
- Mac (70)
- Modern (40)
- BSD (31)
- Other Operating Systems (12)
Home & Education Software
Stellarium
A planetarium software that shows a 3D simulation of the night sky40,657 weekly downloads
OpenLP - Free Church Worship Software
Free church worship presentation software13,841 weekly downloads
Quite Universal Circuit Simulator
A circuit simulator with graphical user interface (GUI)2,7
Klavaro Touch Typing Tutor
A very efficient tutor.1,470
DictionaryForMIDs
Dictionary for Mobile Information Devices and PCs589 weekly downloads
GCompris : I got IT
Educational Software for children aged 2 to 10.525Final brevet: the 600k
Je t'aime ! Oh ! dites-le avec des pavés !
So here are some pictures. Fa(s)t Dan and I had a blast. 110 miles up the coast through Big Sur then the first control 30 miles inland from there. Headwinds north through Salinas Valley (broccoli land) then control two at 212 miles at an Inn. We were one of the first people there (out of the huge field of 14) and the last to leave cause we slept for 4 hours. So it was like two rides: 212 miles one day, 163 the next. California is so damn big, we really should secede.
It's not a purse, it's a Randonneur's bag
In the current HIV prevention discussion, this idea is well worth airing and perhaps pursuing: Why not put all HIV-negative men on a simple anti-retroviral regimen as a prophylaxis, rather than as a treatment? In any single case, the likelihood of possible transmission drops (because the drugs kill off the virus before it can take hold of a new immune system). The big studies being done will help confirm whether there are collective behavioral adjustments that undermine the effort to reduce transmission. My own view is that gay men, if the studies pan out, could and perhaps should embark on a proactive campaign to get as many sexually active men as possible on meds. It’s a way for HIV-negative men to do something which is not simply defensive in nature, and make decisions about their health in a moment outside the inevitable irrationality of a sexual encounter. We’re used to taking pills after we’ve become sick. Why not take them before – as a prevention technique? Even a mild decline in transmission could drastically alter the dynamic of the epidemic – for the better. Next up: involve vulnerable African-American women in the same discussion.Red Dog, the WA-made feature film about a legendary kelpie who roamed the Pilbara during the 1970s, has been selected to screen in competition at the Berlin International Film Festival.
It will receive its world premiere as part of the Generation 14plus section of the Berlin event, which in 2008 was won by another film with strong WA links, The Black Balloon.
Based on the novel of the same name by Louis de Bernieres and directed by Kriv Stenders (Lucky Country), Red Dog follows the intrepid, charismatic red cloud kelpie who hitched rides, adopted people and united communities throughout WA's mining region.
It features American actor Josh Lucas and a strong ensemble cast, including Koko the dog, Rachael Taylor, Loene Carmen and Luke Ford.
Koko will not be at the Berlin unveiling because of quarantine restrictions but he will attend both proposed WA premieres, one in Perth and the other in the Pilbara.
Red Dog is scheduled for release in Australia about Easter.
Personalized Rules for Great Grilling Canvas
Personalized Personal Pub Sign
Personalized Daddy Will Always Be King Canvas
Personalized MLB & NFL Canvas Wall Art Scoreboard Memories
Personalized Architectural Alphabet Photography Frame
Personalized Dad EST. Mug
Personalized Rules for Great Grilling Tray
Personalized He's the Man Wood Bottle Opener
Personalized Dad EST. Wood Cutting Board
Personalized Leather Beer Holster
Personalized World of Love Canvas
Personalized Dad EST. Wood Bottle Opener
Personalized Reasons I/We Love Photo Frame
Personalized Our Family Rules Cross - Religious Gift
Personalized Slam Dunk Metal Sign
Personalized Heart of the Home Canvas
Personalized NFL Uniform Print
Personalized Man Card Wallet Bottle Opener
Personalized Slap Shot Hockey Sign
Personalized Dad Shows Us The Way Canvas
Personalized Locker Room Prints
Personalized Family Movie Night Popcorn Bowl
Personalized Big-Time Brewery Mug
Personalized All About My Daddy CanvasOZELOT P6101 Naval Cover GERMANY Fast Attack Craft
This unused post card is in very good condition.
Member USCS #10385 (I also earned the stamp collecting merit badge as a boy!). Please contact me if you have specific cover needs. I have thousands for sale, including; navals (USS, USNS, USCGC, Coast Guard, ship, Maritime), military posts, event, APO, hotel, postal history, memoribilia, etc. I also have many plate blocks for sale.
The list of German Federal Navy ships includes all ships commissioned into service with the Bundesmarine, the German navy which served West Germany during the Cold War from its foundation in 1956 through the unification of Germany in 1990, when it was renamed Deutsche Marine. Dates listed are - with some exceptions - the years a given vessel was in commission.
See also the list of naval ships of Germany for naval ships throughout Germany's history.
OR'Murder in the First' Season 1 finale preview: Will English and Mulligan crack the case?
0
Add to Favorites
| Murder in the First
It's been a wild ride, but Season 1 of "Murder in the First" is coming to a close. In the first season finale, the Kevin Neyers murder case comes to a head. Will Inspectors English (Taye Diggs)and Mulligan (Kathleen Robertson) be able to crack the case?
Judging by the preview for the thrilling finale, one suspect that's not making things easy for the partners is Eric Blunt (Tom Felton). Will he throw them a last minute curveball?
Find out in the "Murder in the First" Season 1 finale, Monday, August 11 at 10 p.m. ET/PT.
Photo/Video credit: TNTWycombe v Morecambe
Morgan 22′, 50′
Brodie 59′ Redshaw 90′
-
- FT 90 +8
- HT 1-0
Jack Redshaw's last-minute header denied Wycombe their fourth consecutive win and salvaged a point for Morecambe.
Dean Morgan opened the scoring for Wycombe from the edge of the box before Joel Grant was sent off for a rash challenge on Morecambe's Andrew Wright.
Despite their numerical disadvantage, Morgan added a second for the hosts with a close-range effort.
Richard Brodie's effort from close in gave the Shrimps hope before Redshaw's late headed equaliser.
VIEW FROM THE DRESSING ROOM
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley told BBC Radio Lancashire:
"It's a good point in the end, but looking at it in the first half hour, there was only going to be one winner.
"Wycombe were well up for it and we were very lacklustre.
"We gave ourselves an uphill battle, but the sending-off played into our hands, because with 11 players, Wycombe would have beaten us today."
Lineup, Bookings (5) & Substitutions (5)
Wycombe
- 36 Archer
- 05 Winfield Booked
- 18 Dunne
- 34 Hause
- 08 Lewis
- 11 Wood
- 12 Andrade
- 17 Grant Dismissed
- 28 Scowen Booked
- 20 Morgan (Kewley-Graham - 90' )
- 29 McClure (McCoy - 79' )
Substitutes
- 21 Harrison
- 19 McCoy
- 07 Ainsworth
- 26 Kewley-Graham
- 35 Ehui
- 15 Oli
- 32 Morias
Morecambe
- 01 Roche (Arestidou - 46' )
- 02 Fenton
- 04 Mustoe
- 06 Haining (Alessandra - 55' )
- 08 Wright
- 15 McCready
- 07 Reid Booked (Redshaw - 71' )
- 11 Ellison Booked
- 16 Drummond
- 18 McDonald
- 10 Brodie
Substitutes
- 25 Arestidou
- 03 Threlfall
- 12 Parkinson
- 23 Doyle
- 19 McGee
- 09 Alessandra
- 27 Redshaw
Match Stats
Shots
On target
Corners
Fouls
Live Text Commentary
Full Time The referee brings the game to a close.90:00 +6:39
Bruno Andrade is ruled offside. Andreas Arestidou restarts play with the free kick.90:00 +6:04
The referee blows for offside. Stewart Drummond takes the free kick.90:00 +4:52
The ball is swung over by Andrew Wright, clearance made by Marvin McCoy.90:00 +3:25 Substitution
Substitution Jesse Kewley-Graham joins the action as a substitute, replacing Dean Morgan.90:00 +2:19
Kevin Ellison is ruled offside. Jordan Archer takes the indirect free kick.89:58
Assist by Lewis Alessandra.89:58 Goal scored
Goal! - Jack Redshaw - Wycombe 2 - 2 Morecambe Jack Redshaw scores a headed goal from close range. Wycombe 2-2 Morecambe.89:58
Lewis Alessandra produces a cross,89:24
Inswinging corner taken from the left by-line by Lewis Alessandra, Dave Winfield makes a clearance.88:07
Marvin McCoy decides to take a short corner.87:28
Bruno Andrade takes a shot. Save by Andreas Arestidou.86:35
Jordan Mustoe produces a cross, clearance by Charles Dunne.84:40
Effort on goal by Richard Brodie from just inside the penalty area goes over the target.84:06
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Jordan Mustoe by Dean Morgan. Indirect free kick taken by Jordan Mustoe.82:21
The assistant referee flags for offside against Nicholas Fenton. Jordan Archer takes the indirect free kick.81:26
Josh Scowen gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Jordan Mustoe. Lewis Alessandra takes the indirect free kick.79:59
Richard Brodie has shot on goal from just outside the area which goes wide of the right-hand upright.78:42 Substitution
Substitution Marvin McCoy comes on in place of Matt McClure.77:53
Dean Morgan gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Lewis Alessandra. Lewis Alessandra restarts play with the free kick. Jordan Mustoe takes a shot from just outside the penalty area clears the crossbar.
Short corner taken by Lewis Alessandra from the left by-line. The ball is delivered by Jordan Mustoe, clearance by Dave Winfield.76:05
Jack Redshaw takes a shot. Save made by Jordan Archer. Corner taken by Jordan Mustoe, save by Jordan Archer.75:09
Centre by Jack Redshaw, Close range header by Gary McDonald goes wide of the left-hand upright.72:03
Richard Brodie is ruled offside. Free kick taken by Jordan Archer.71:40
Kortney Hause challenges Jack Redshaw unfairly and gives away a free kick. Free kick taken by Jordan Mustoe.70:54 Substitution
Substitution Jack Redshaw comes on in place of Izak Reid.70:31
Shot by Kevin Ellison from inside the area bounces off the post.68:01
Indirect free kick taken by Josh Scowen.68:01 Booking
Booking Izak Reid receives a caution for unsporting behaviour.66:57
Andrew Wright restarts play with the free kick. Free kick awarded for a foul by Izak Reid on Stuart Lewis.66:57 Booking
Booking Booking for Josh Scowen for unsporting behaviour.66:36
Free kick awarded for a foul by Josh Scowen on Kevin Ellison.65:43
Unfair challenge on Matt McClure by Stewart Drummond results in a free kick. Josh Scowen restarts play with the free kick.63:47
The referee blows for offside against Richard Brodie. Jordan Archer takes the indirect free kick.62:47
Lewis Alessandra produces a left-footed shot from just outside the penalty box that misses to the left of the target.61:57
Richard Brodie takes a shot. Blocked by Kortney Hause. Corner taken by Jordan Mustoe from the right by-line, save made by Jordan Archer.61:09
The offside flag is raised against Izak Reid. Indirect free kick taken by Jordan Archer.58:21
The assist for the goal came from Izak Reid.58:21 Goal scored
Goal! - Richard Brodie - Wycombe 2 - 1 Morecambe Richard Brodie gets on the score sheet with a goal from inside the six-yard box high into the middle of the goal. Wycombe 2-1 Morecambe.57:27
Gary McDonald takes a shot. Jordan Archer makes a save. Corner from the left by-line taken by Izak Reid,53:57
Christopher McCready takes the free kick.53:57 Substitution
Substitution Will Haining leaves the field to be replaced by Lewis Alessandra.53:57
Matt McClure is ruled offside.52:59
Kevin Ellison takes a shot. Jordan Archer makes a save.50:44
Free kick awarded for a foul by Charles Dunne on Kevin Ellison. Indirect free kick taken by Izak Reid.49:43
Assist on the goal came from Stuart Lewis.49:43 Goal scored
Goal! - Dean Morgan - Wycombe 2 - 0 Morecambe Dean Morgan finds the back of the net with a goal from close range low into the middle of the goal. Wycombe 2-0 Morecambe.47:51
Dean Morgan is flagged offside by the assistant referee. Nicholas Fenton restarts play with the free kick.47:19
Richard Brodie gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Stuart Lewis. Jordan Archer takes the free kick.46:37
Andrew Wright crosses the ball, Kortney Hause makes a clearance.45:01
The referee starts the second half.45:01 Substitution
Substitution Andreas Arestidou on for Barry Roche.45:00 +3:28 Half time
Half Time The whistle is blown to end the first half.45:00 +1:25
Gary McDonald takes a shot. Dave Winfield gets a block in.45:00 +0:38
Stuart Lewis is adjudged to have handled the ball. Free kick taken by Barry Roche.42:50
Direct free kick taken by Barry Roche.42:50 Booking
Booking The referee books Kevin Ellison for dissent.41:40 Dismissal
Dismissal Joel Grant receives a red card for serious foul play.40:47
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Andrew Wright by Joel Grant.38:21
Dean Morgan gives away a free kick for an unfair challenge on Andrew Wright. Indirect free kick taken by Barry Roche.35:42
Unfair challenge on Joel Grant by Gary McDonald results in a free kick. Dean Morgan has a direct shot on goal from the free kick.34:07
Charles Dunne takes a shot. Blocked by Stewart Drummond. Charles Dunne has an effort at goal from just inside the box that misses to the left of the target.31:18
The official flags Dean Morgan offside. Free kick taken by Will Haining.30:20
Long range effort by Charles Dunne goes harmlessly over the bar.29:33
Shot from just outside the box by Dean Morgan goes over the bar.28:59
A cross is delivered by Kevin Ellison, Izak Reid takes a shot. Save by Jordan Archer.28:37
Centre by Izak Reid, clearance by Dave Winfield.27:45
Joel Grant takes a shot. Save by Barry Roche.27:04
Bruno Andrade takes a shot. Save made by Barry Roche.25:44
Free kick awarded for a foul by Stuart Lewis on Richard Brodie. Izak Reid takes the free kick.24:48
Nicholas Fenton concedes a free kick for a foul on Matt McClure. Indirect free kick taken by Josh Scowen.23:37
Bruno Andrade concedes a free kick for a foul on Jordan Mustoe. Free kick taken by Gary McDonald.23:21
The ball is sent over by Izak Reid, Charles Dunne manages to make a clearance.21:41
Assist by Dave Winfield.21:41 Goal scored
Goal! - Dean Morgan - Wycombe 1 - 0 Morecambe Dean Morgan gets on the score sheet with a goal from the edge of the penalty box to the bottom left corner of the goal. Wycombe 1-0 Morecambe.20:34
Jordan Mustoe takes the indirect free kick.20:34 Booking
Booking Dave Winfield goes into the referee's book.20:02
Free kick awarded for a foul by Dave Winfield on Kevin Ellison.18:37
Stuart Lewis produces a right-footed shot from long range that goes harmlessly over the bar.17:32
Unfair challenge on Kevin Ellison by Dave Winfield results in a free kick. Jordan Mustoe takes the indirect free kick.16:32
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Kortney Hause by Richard Brodie. Stuart Lewis takes the free kick.14:09
Short corner taken by Stewart Drummond from the left by-line.13:31
Inswinging corner taken left-footed by Jordan Mustoe, clearance by Dave Winfield.12:57
The offside flag is raised against Dean Morgan. Will Haining restarts play with the free kick.10:20
The ball is swung over by Bruno Andrade, Close range shot by Joel Grant goes wide of the left-hand upright. Unfair challenge on Andrew Wright by Stuart Lewis results in a free kick. Free kick taken by Will Haining.8:43
Corner taken right-footed by Josh Scowen, Barry Roche fouled by Dave Winfield, the ref awards a free kick. Barry Roche restarts play with the free kick.8:16
Stuart Lewis takes a shot. Save by Barry Roche.7:51
Shot by Stuart Lewis from inside the penalty area bounces off the post.7:19
Free kick awarded for an unfair challenge on Sam Wood by Richard Brodie. Jordan Archer takes the indirect free kick.6:39
Josh Scowen takes the outswinging corner, Nicholas Fenton makes a clearance.4:31
Corner taken by Josh Scowen from the left by-line played to the near post, Kevin Ellison manages to make a clearance.4:08
Joel Grant takes a shot. Christopher McCready gets a block in.3:11
Free kick awarded for a foul by Nicholas Fenton on Bruno Andrade. Josh Scowen restarts play with the free kick.2:41
Joel Grant concedes a free kick for a foul on Izak Reid. Stewart Drummond restarts play with the free kick.0:00
The game gets underway.
Live data and text provided by our data suppliersAfter last week's side story, In the Flesh returns to its core characters this week. But while some characters continue to pursue a potentially cataclysmic prophecy, others are dealing with more intimate problems—and one character decides to face their problems head-on. Which will have larger consequences for Roarton?
While Simon is trying to find the first risen in the guise of asking PDSers to liberate themselves with their rising stories and Kieren is trying to date Simon without hurting Amy's feelings, Amy and Philip are both going through some major life issues. Amy's condition is getting worse. In addition to her shaking, she seems to be developing dementia, at one point even trying to fix herself a living person's breakfast. She seeks out Shirley Wilson's help, and while Shirley is clearly sympathetic, she doesn't know anything about Amy's condition and suggests a slight change in medication. Amidst all of that, Amy sees Simon and Kieren sneak a kiss anyway. Things, it seems, are not going her way.
Simon may not be her future husband, but someone is fantasizing about Amy—Philip. He still sees his PDS prostitute, but he can never quite lose himself in the fantasy. Still, it is an escape from Maxine's demands that he convince Henry's mother that Henry is still partially alive and in a ULA training camp. As much as Philip is a political climber, he doesn't like the idea of confirming a story that sounds pretty fishy to him. Maxine threatens his career, and later his reputation, to keep him on-track.
Even as Maxine is rabble-rousing and practically reinstating the Human Volunteer Force, cracks are forming in her control of Roarton. Some of the locals rather dislike her use of "we" rather than "you" in referring to the citizens of Roarton, and they haven't even seen her tearfully talking to a gravestone in the cemetery even as she seeks the PDS sufferer who could bring about a second rising. Still, rallying against a PDS brothel is a good way to distract the masses from her true purpose.
Philip learns that he has been filmed going into the brothel and at first, his damage-control scheme seems to work. He convinces the nosy, religious neighbor that he's just witnessing to the sex workers and Maxine claims she'll drop the matter once Philip deals with Henry's mother. But In the Flesh often taps into the power of how other people perceive you, and Henry's mother sees Philip in a way he's forgotten to see himself. She remembers him as a serious, ambitious boy, but never cruel, and she begs him not to be cruel to her. And so Philip decides to be honest with her, with himself, and with the people of Roarton.
At the brothel protest, he gives a speech that might have been powerful if anyone had bothered to listen to it, telling people that they only view the PDSers as evil and unclean because it makes them seem pure and good by comparison. But when it's clear that no one cares what he has to say, he joins the line-up of brothel patrons, volunteering for public humiliation rather than hiding what he's done. Amy sees him, bewildered.
Philip is actually rewarded for his honesty, at least for them moment. Amy follows him to a bus stop while they both drink, playfully mocking him. When he tells Amy that he only saw the prostitute because she reminded him of her, Amy does something she never does. She goes quiet.
Even though it's likely temporary, it's gratifying to see these two characters experience a moment of happiness. And it's even better that said happiness comes not from Philip creepily granting Amy favors as her oppressor, but from his willingness to be seen as "unclean" by his neighbors.
Of course, important things are happening with Kieren in the meantime. He convinces Simon to go with him—in cover-up no less—to an incredibly awkward Walker family lunch. Jem has, much to her mother's chagrin, rejoined the new HVF in a misguided attempt to get over her killing of Henry, while Gary tries to distract her from her guilt with guns and makeouts. Simon actually makes an effort to behave over lunch, even shaking Gary's hand, but Gary decides it would be neat to reminisce about the bad old times slaying rotters after the rising. Jem initially laughs at the memory, but as he goes into gorier detail, she can't even meet Kieren's gaze. Even Papa Walker, who isn't exactly Mr. PDS Rights, tells Gary to cut it out. Kieren is so enraged that suddenly all of Simon's propaganda crystallizes and he tells his rising story as a glorious moment of rebirth. For Kieren, it's a liberating moment, but for Simon it's more; he realizes that Kieren truly is the first risen and he makes a call to the Undead Prophet.
Being a living person doesn't automatically make you an asshole, and being partially dead doesn't mean you're a paragon of virtue—or particularly smart. All of Simon's preaching has really seeped into the rotting brain of that blonde PDSer, and she decides to carry out the idiotic plan Simon had last week: liberating the rabids. Even zombies are afraid of rabids, though, and Blondie and her accomplice end up leaving the rabids uncaged, where they devour the nasty surgery worker. Signing their half-accomplished work "ULA" in spray paint wasn't a brilliant idea, either.
So now we've got a ULA-credited death, a PDS brothel crackdown, and the first risen identified. Roarton was already a powder keg, and we've got matches lighting left and right.15" Soft Country Green Angel Christmas Ornament
15" Soft Country Green Angel Christmas Ornament more
Find other Christmas & Holiday Ornaments...
$9.99
FREE shipping
Walmart.com
Pacific Rim Carolling Penguin Christmas Ornament 3 Of 3 - With Tag
PACIFIC RIM CAROLLING PENGUIN CHRISTMAS ORNAMENT 3 of 3 - RESIN NEW This listing is for a new, never used penguin Christmas ornament by Pacific Rim in resin. This is one of three carollers I'm listing. It has a loop for hanging, but it also stands on... more
Related Searches:
$5.00
eBay
Pacific Rim Wooden Articulating Ornaments - 6 Different Country Designs - Nip
Pacific Rim Country Wooden Ornaments Six Different Animal Designs Legs Articulate NEW in Packages Cat, Cow, Bear, Duck, Dog, Lamb Sizes: 3" to 3 1/2" X 4" more
$16.85
Pacific Rim Carolling Penguin Christmas Ornament 2 Of 3 - With Tag
PACIFIC RIM CAROLLING PENGUIN CHRISTMAS ORNAMENT 2 of 3 - RESIN NEW This listing is for a new, never used penguin Christmas ornament by Pacific Rim in resin. This is one of three carollers I'm listing. It has a loop for hanging, but it also stands on... more
Pacific Rim - Jaeger Dog Tags Bundle
No information available. more
$22.99
GameStop.com
Pacific Rim - Gipsy Danger Distressed Wings Back Pack
$34.99
Pacific Rim - Victory Count Studded Cuff
$19.99
15 Soft Country Green Angel Christmas Ornament
Soft Country Angel Christmas Ornament By Pacific Rim, Item #: 69154 Measures Approx: 15 H Material(s): Felt & burlap Comes ready-to-hang with a red cord. more
$11.00 $8.99
Rakuten.com Shopping
Ronbow Pacific Rim Mirror
RNB1175 Features Solid wood frame Hand crafted detail Wood construction Pacific Rim collection Frame Shape: Arch/Crowned top Style: Traditional Frame Material: Wood Mirror Type: Bathroom / Vanity mirror Eco-Friendly: Yes Number of Items Included: 1... more
$478.50
RonBow 605021 Mirrors Pacific Rim Home Decor Plumbing ;Vintage Walnut
Product Features: Constructed of solid wood, ensuring durability and dependability Covered under Ronbow's 1 year limited warranty High quality finish - will resist rust and corrosion through everyday use Coordinates seamlessly with the Pacfic Rim... more
Pacific Rim - Domestic Poster
Original 2013 Movie Poster Art From Off The Big Screen And On To One Of these Awesome Posters! These Posters Feature Some Of The Best Scenes And Sayings From Some Of The Best Movies Of All Time. more
$13.84 $8.49
Holly Berry Country Folk Art Church Christmas Ornament
Holly Berry Country Folk Art Church Christmas Ornament more
$10.99
Loving Victorian Boy & Girl Christmas Ornament
Victorian Boy & Girl Christmas Ornament Item #57779 Full Round, Double-Sided ornament with intricate details Comes ready-to-hang with a gold cord Dimensions: 2.75 W x 4 H Material(s): plastic more
$6.00 $4.99
Baby Otachi Action Figure Rubber 6 Inch Pacific Rim NE... more
ToyWiz.com
Pacific Rim Gravity Feed Box HeroClix WizKids
All of the gigantic action of this summer's blockbuster film, Pacific Rim, comes alive on your tabletop with this latest HeroClix offering! Collect all 11 figures and relive the titanic battles between man and monster with this 100% HeroClix compatible... more
$69.99
Cherno Alpha Dog Tags Pacific Rim NECA
Engraved Metal Dog Tags. more
Pacific Rim Maple Classic Bunk Beds
Complete Set: Arts & Crafts Style $1800 -or- Classic Style $1660 (pictured) Components included: *2 Twin Beds (either Arts & Crafts -or- Classic) *Bunk Kit (ladder, one full length guardrail, and one ladder side guardrail) Additional Components... more
$1,660.00
The Organic Company
Pacific Rim Maple Nightstands
Choose from three styles: Arts & Crafts (shown on left) New Wave (shown in middle) Classic (shown on right) Depth 17" Width 17" Height 24" *Finger jointed drawer, open shelf, mortise and tenon joinery, arrive completely assembled. For over twenty... more
$370.00
"Pacific Rim Gewurztaminer 2010"
"The availability of this product is limited and subject to change.Wine Tasting NotesThe wine is crisp with a slight residual sugar of 1.7%, offering flavors of lychee, melon and tangerine. Our Gewrztraminer is an exceptional match with spicy Indian... more
$12.98
Fine Wine House
Pacific Rim Maple Profile Bedframe: Platform or Boxspring
Twin/Single: $405 Twin XL: $405 Full/Double: $450 Queen: $480 King: $570 Cal King: $570 The above prices are for PLATFORM style bed frames (as pictured). For bed frames that are big enough to accommodate boxsprings, it is $67.00 more. If you would like... more
$405.00... more
$44.98 $37.41
DeepDiscount.com
$19.98 $15.35
$64.98 $37.99
FTD Pacific Rim Arrangement
An ocean of exotic red flowers with bold greenery. You'll swim in a sea of smiles. Limited availability. more
$119.99
Pacific Rim Dog Tags Gipsy Danger
Pacific Rim Dog Tags Gipsy Danger more
$9.86
StaticFreeTV
Pacific Rim Dog Tags Striker Eureka
Pacific Rim Dog Tags Striker Eureka more
Pacific Rim Studded Cuff Victory Count
Pacific Rim Studded Cuff Victory Count more
$24.21
Ads related to pacific rimFertiliser Market Report - 26th April 2013
As crops continue to advance after a very slow start, things are now starting to look more positive as the weather improves.
All crops are four to six weeks behind in growth stages and fertiliser demand mirrors this delay with growers only purchasing when required, taking a ‘little and often’ approach to application to encourage backward plants to grow.
This buying trend does make executing movement very difficult for suppliers as orders are required immediately and are very often not full loads. UK prices are very inconsistent due to this sporadic demand, which looks as though it will continue.
Urea
Jobs
>>IMAGE, ...No.
I had lots to talk about tonight. I managed to survive another World Rock Paper Scissors Championship.
Google managed to settle the lawsuit with the Author’s Guild over their book scanning project – paying out a hefty sum, but securing themselves some interesting rights in the process (fodder for a future post, I’m sure, once I figure out what exactly I think about it).
But all that was pushed to the side by the nice cashier at the grocery store this evening, Brefny.
Read moreAbout Cadence BankCadence Bank, N.A., based in Birmingham, AL, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cadence Bancorp, LLC. Founded in 1887, Cadence Bank has grown to hold more than $6.5 billion in assets. The regional bank serves customers with more than 100 locations across Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Tennessee and Texas. Cadence caters to consumers, small and middle-market businesses, and commercial clients, using its resources, tools and services to deliver on customers' goals, accelerate economic growth and fund innovation. In addition to helping customers with over a century of financial experience, Cadence Bank has an earnest commitment to giving back to the communities in which it operates.
Cadence Bank (FDIC certificate 4999) was established in 1887 and operates through 87 branch offices located in Blount, Covington, Etowah, Jefferson, Madison, Marshall, Monroe, Montgomery, Morgan, Perry, Shelby, Talladega, Tuscaloosa counties in AL and Bay, Calhoun, Citrus, Franklin, Gulf, Hernando, Hillsborough, Jackson, Leon, Manatee, Marion, Pasco, Pinellas, Sarasota counties in FL and Union county in GA and Clay, Lowndes, Monroe, Neshoba, Oktibbeha counties in MS and Shelby county in TN and Bexar, Fort Bend, Harris, Montgomery counties in TX. Mr. Sam Tortorici, CEO of Cadence Bank, leads a team of 1302 employees.The bank's parent holding company, CADENCE BANCORP LLC is based in Houston, TX.
Cadence Bank, headquartered in Birmingham, AL,.
Cadence Bank is a federally chartered commercial bank and member of Federal Reserve. With $8 billion in total assets, the OCC.Sponsors:
Haxx
> The user name (and password), if present, are followed by a
> commercial at-sign "@". Within the user and password field, any ":",
> "@", or "/" must be encoded.
Yes, but encoded where? Before the curl/libcurl gets a chance to parse
it or when sending it to a proxy or back to user for display? FireFox
AFAICS correctly shows it as
in the address bar *after* the ftp-listing is retrieved.
But it always sends PASS mozilla_at_example.com for any ftp-url
and doesn't give a toss about my ftp-proxy settings. (?)
--gv
Received on 2004-07-28
These mail archives are generated by hypermail.
Page updated November 12, 2010.
web site infoARP has researched customer complaint behavior for over 30 years. More than half the time, your customers will not tell you when you have alienated them but will simply go away. When they feel an employee is incompetent or has treated them poorly, complaining goes down to only 10 percent to 15 percent. Why? Three reasons:
1. Fear that the employee will argue with them or punish them next time.
2. They’re in a hurry and don’t want to take the time.
3. The belief that this is the way you want to do business and nothing will be changed by complaining. Think about the last time you were in a restaurant and two-thirds of the way through a mediocre meal, the host came over and asked how things were going. More than likely you said “fine,” even though you had already decided not to come back.
What should you do to remedy these scenarios?
1. Post signs in your store that say “We can only solve problems we know about—tell us right away!”
2. Print the same message on invoices and contracts.
3. Get your counter staff and sales reps to make eye contact—not making eye contact decreases complaining by 30 percent, our research has shown.
4. Call any customer you have not seen in a month and ask if there is anything wrong. You will be shocked by the results of 10 such calls.
The bottom line: Think of your own behavior and then be aggressive in soliciting complaints!
John Goodman
Vice-Chairman
TARP
Arlington, Va.
The perfect article to go with my day - but you need to add one thing - the willingness to deal with the issue.
I just spent three days trying to place an order with a company that would not take my gift certificate and free shipping on the same order. Huh? One is money, one is a discount. It took 3 days to get a response from customer service and their answer was, well, free shipping day is over "But at least you still have your gift certificate!" Seriously? I'll never buy from this company again. They could have deducted $14 from my order and had my business and my word of mouth to my friends. Now they have an angry journalist who can't believe that any retail business who takes 3 days to respond to a customer issue (especially the week before Christmas), then blows it off, is still in.High Brow: Sarah Silverman -- Funny Girl?
(Photo Illustration by Liz Kelly/Photo: AP)
Does Sarah Silverman Suck?
alternet.org/TheNation.com. Sarah Silverman -- the thinking man's pin-up, the angel with a dirty mouth -- may deliver shock value, but does she make us laugh? I'm not so sure. Neither is writer Kera Bolonik.
Bon Mots: Sarah Silverman is like sushi, a raw delicacy that people either love or hate -- and too much will make you gag.
Just One More Before Bedtime!
New York Times. Dubbed "Pipsqueak Paparazzi" by David Spade, two tweeners armed with $6,000 cameras ditch school to cash in on the tabloid picture game.
Bon Mots: In an era when even the most mundane images of the marginally famous are fodder for magazines and Web sites, almost anyone with a camera, it seems, can make a living as a celebrity photographer. Even a couple of kids who haven't started shaving.
What is Pop?
Guardian Unlimited. Author Paul Lester says, "Christina isn't, Girls Aloud are and Britney used to be but isn't any more. So how do you know pop when you hear it -- and has Kylie made it with her new single?"
Bon Mots: Popness is bound up not just with the way it's written and arranged, performed and produced, but with the way it's perceived then consumed.
More Good Reads:
-- Plan the rest of your month around this handy guide to 31 Days of Horror.
-- Is "Control" -- the new movie about late Joy Division singer Ian Curtis -- truly one of the "most beautiful movies ever made"?
-- Here's Looking at You, Syd
By
Liz Kelly
| October 10, 2007; 10:42 AM ET
Categories: Highbrow
Save & Share:
Previous: Morning Mix: Charlize Theron is 'Sexiest Woman Alive'
Next: Morning Mix: Reese & Ryan -- Officially Over
Posted by: not bluto | October 10, 2007 10:37 AM | Report abuse
I like a lot of alternative comics, but Sarah Silverman is absolutely the worst of the popular ones. Ok, so everyone knows the racist stereotype says that Jews in hollywood mock all other races and religions but their own, right? They let anti-Christian or Anti-African-American stereotypes on-screen. Some racist told you that by now, so you know it's a theme. Sarah embraces that racist image of Jews by being a bigot in her stand-up. She's no better than Lisa Lampenelli and far less astute than Don Rickles. That's tragedy, not comedy. It's not only insulting to other races, it's insulting to Jews. I watched "Jesus is Magic" and was offended by the racism she expressed. It doesn't matter at all if she thought she was being ironic, the audience determines if she is or not and I voted with "not ironic" and "not funny." And trust me, I wanted to like her. It's tragedy, not comedy.
Posted by: DCer | October 10, 2007 11:17 AM | Report abuse
Sarah Silverman, I wouldn't call her funny at all but she has made some points with the stuff about Paris and Brit. I think she falls firmly in the snarky but not funny catergory.
I think of pop as a song that is just wildly popular, which puts a lot of artists in the same catergory.
Posted by: petal | October 10, 2007 11:19 AM | Report abuse
I co-sign on the SS not being funny thing. I wanted to like her too. Louis C.K and Lisa Lampanelli are good examples who use Shock Value humor well. When I saw that she was back for a 2nd season, I was truly surprised.
Posted by: Geist | October 10, 2007 11:23 AM | Report abuse
I'm relieved to see other people who *understand* irony and appreciate alternative humor who also don't like Sarah Silverman. Some people talk about her like she's some kind of genius, and I've never agreed, so I thought maybe I was just missing the joke... and I *hate* not getting the joke!
In fact, the only joke she ever seems to deliver is, "I look moderately cute and sweet, but I am deep down a sly, racist idiot." Sometimes I think Larry the Cable Guy has more range.
Posted by: oregonchick | October 10, 2007 11:40 AM | Report abuse
I too, want to think SS is funny, but I've watched her stuff, and I've never laughed. This mentality of "I'm going to be more shocking, disgusting, and crude than any other person out there" does not equate to humor. I appreciate how difficult it is for women comediennes to "make it" in a male-dominated field. But you have to be funny in the first place. SS is not.
Samantha Bee did an interview with BUST magazine a year or so ago where she addresses the male/female issue. If you can find it, its an interesting read.
Posted by: jelo | October 10, 2007 11:44 AM | Report abuse
i, too, tried to like ss, but she's just not funny. and in a disturbing way.
Posted by: b | October 10, 2007 11:46 AM | Report abuse
Add me to the "I don't find Sarah Silverman" funny crowd.
(Well...except for that stint she did on Star Trek Voyager about 10 years ago, but I don't think she was supposed to be funny...)
When I want to listen to an intelligent comic talk about racism and other controversial topics that aren't supposed to be funny, I'll drag out my Richard Pryor collection...
Posted by: Chasmosaur | October 10, 2007 11:52 AM | Report abuse
Nice to see a horror movie list I actually agree with. I'm a huuuuge horror/Halloween (the holiday not the movie) geek. I'm actually taking a break from decorating for Halloween to type this.
Anyhoo....I agree with everything on those lists, especially the Dario Argento flicks.
I also would like to mention that TCM is showing horror flicks every Friday during October &, of course, all day Halloween. They're honoring great horror directors, the already did Jacque Tourneur, upcoming Fridays are devoted to William Castle, Val Lewton, Tod Browning & Roger Corman.
As for Sarah Silverman, she's just not my bag at all. Gimme Dennis Leary any day. once he made me laugh so hard I barfed.
True story.
Posted by: Bored @ home | October 10, 2007 12:25 PM | Report abuse
Liz - you've been wanting to do a New York Review of Books piece for a while and (feeding off Bored@'s comment) there was a fun article on Val Lewton a while back.
Now those are some weird and disturbing movies. Not really horror, just strange.
Posted by: Bogota | October 10, 2007 12:33 PM | Report abuse
That Syd article is pretty amazing. And I'm neither a Pink Floyd fan nor a Tom Stoppard fan...
Good call.
Posted by: Bogota | October 10, 2007 12:48 PM | Report abuse
"I appreciate how difficult it is for women comediennes to 'make it' in a male-dominated field. But you have to be funny in the first place. SS is not."
Nicely said, jelo. And I couldn't agree more. Rude and racist and morally offensive do not equal funny, no matter whose mouth the words are spewing from.
Posted by: Helena Handbasket | October 10, 2007 1:02 PM | Report abuse
-I never understood the hype over Sarah Silverman. As a comic, she is painful to watch and her jokes are for shock value. How hard is to make fun of Paris and Brit; my 10 year old niece has Paris and Brit jokes and she funnier than SS.
- For those celebologist who are into comedy, please check out albums of Richard Pryor, Redd Foxx, Bill Cosby, Moms Mabley, George Carlin,
Posted by: Lisa1 | October 10, 2007 1:03 PM | Report abuse
Wow, I thought I'd be completely flamed for not liking SS! I mean, I didn't like her when she was on SNL, either. We have to be Closet SS-haters, no more!
[For what it's worth I like stand-up from Jeff Dunham to Lisa Lampanelli to Lewis Black (man, I love him) to Lachlan Patterson so it's not like I can't handle shock and awe humor.]
Posted by: not bluto | October 10, 2007 1:15 PM | Report abuse
I can't believe that I'm the first poster here that likes SS. I'll admit that the shock schtick is getting a little old, but I think she's hilarious.
Posted by: KG | October 10, 2007 1:16 PM | Report abuse
I, too, loved the IDEA of Sarah Silverman and wanted to like her, but her Jesus is Magic movie left both me and my husband cold. Very unfunny.
That said, I do find her half hour show on Comedy Central more entertaining than her standup. But that could be because of the supporting characters (especially the gay best friends).
And, no matter how hard I try, I just can't picture her with Jimmy Kimmel, yuk!
Posted by: CJB | October 10, 2007 1:20 PM | Report abuse
Cannot stand Sarah Silverman. "Shocking" doesn't mean "well written." I prefer comedians along the lines of Eddie Izzard, myself, but I have no problem with shock humor if it's well done. Her material is just mean-spirited and maddening.
Posted by: musicgeek | October 10, 2007 1:24 PM | Report abuse
Sarah Silverman reminds me, at least in my reactions to her standup, to Sandra Bernhard. Another comedienne that I really wanted to like, and who I liked the idea of, but whose standup left me cold (and I have seen her live).
That said, I do LOVE some of Sandra Bernhard's acting roles, especially in The King of Comedy.
Posted by: CJB | October 10, 2007 1:25 PM | Report abuse
Alright, Alright I know its fangirlish...but Jeff Jensen mentioned the book club in an ew.com article (2nd page):) Can we have him back again at some point? That was an awesome discussion..
Posted by: 4 months till Lost | October 10, 2007 1:52 PM | Report abuse
I like the Sarah Silverman. I have a thing for alliterative names.
Posted by: byoolin | October 10, 2007 2:16 PM | Report abuse
sarah silverman is lucky she has boobs. she's not funny at all. and i love how david spade was mentioned in this post. SS is the david spade of female comedians: all snark and no wit.
Posted by: boredatwork | October 10, 2007 2:16 PM | Report abuse
I hate Sarah. Her jokes are so dumb that I can't even stand to look at her anymore. Really, the pic that is posted made me cringe. I thought I would give her a try and I watched a clip of her show. It was the one where she had a cold and bought cough medicine only to end up in her car parked in a school yard with kids and a cop who thought she was drunk.
Her clip about abortion also made me sick. Not because I am against the right to have an abortion, but because it is not a funny topic.
Posted by: Irish girl | October 10, 2007 2:28 PM | Report abuse
Irish Girl, That's exactly how I feel about her rape schtick... just not funny.
Posted by: not bluto | October 10, 2007 3:26 PM | Report abuse
I wanted to love SS so much I had her life-sized image tatooed on my back. Doh!
Posted by: SS Superfan | October 10, 2007 3:26 PM | Report abuse
She was kind of funny in School of Rock. Well...School of Rock was totally funny, and she was in it. Being not that funny. So I take it back. Jack Black was freakin hilarious in School of Rock.
Posted by: h3 | October 10, 2007 3:50 PM | Report abuse
Sarah Silverman is like Dane Cook -- some people love them, they get way too much airplay, but they're NOT FUNNY at all.
Sarah's all elongated facial expressions and vocal mannerisms, and Dane's all stubble and arm gestures. Take away their tics and they'd completely disappear.
Why do people care about them? I mean, has every funny comedian gone into retirement or something and these two are the only ones accepting bookings? I don't get it.
Posted by: td | October 10, 2007 4:05 PM | Report abuse
I agree with Irish Girl, that picture of SS made me sick. I hate her persona and her comedy so much that the sight of her makes me queasy. Why does she have a career if no one really seems to find her funny?
Posted by: Scottish Girl | October 10, 2007 4:08 PM | Report abuse
I don't mind SS, but I won't seek her out. To add to the comedy name check - seems like everyone has forgotten the late Bill Hicks. Definitely worth seeking out his stuff.
Posted by: phil | October 10, 2007 7:36 PM | Report abuse
Sarah Silverman refused to admit to Howard K. Stern that boyfriend Jimmy Kimmel's mere touch causes all the blood to drain from her body.
Sorry, I thought this was the caption competition.
Posted by: SMACK | October 10, 2007 9:11 PM | Report abuse
I was on the fence about Sarah Silverman for a long time, pretty ambivalent about her stand up. When her show and movie came out, she won me over. I finally get her. And once you get her, she's a riot. I loved that music montage of her three abortions. After working with very contrary elderly people, her song, "You're Gonna Die Soon" made me spit soda all over my computer. I'm singing the little ditty in my head right now!
Posted by: L L L | October 10, 2007 10:03 PM | Report abuse
I think Ms. Silverman is good in character parts in film - but not on her own. The opposite of Robin Williams....
Posted by: Maritza | October 11, 2007 4:17 PM | Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed.
I actually can't stand SS. Everyone thinks she's hot and funny, but that whole "I was raped ha ha ha" schtick isn't funny to me. I dunno, maybe I'm too senstive. Lots of taboo topics can be funny, like ethnic jokes, etc., but I dont think rape or molestation are very funny. Meh.Create new account | My Profile | My Account | My Bookmarks | My Inbox | Help | Log in
Site search
Web search
Advanced search
Fri Dec 14, 2012, 03:55 PM
vanboggie (1,842 posts)
2 replies, 1011 views
Reply to this thread
Back to top Alert abuse
Response to vanboggie (Original post)
Sun Dec 16, 2012, 01:20 AM
navarth (4,497 posts)
Reply to this post
Back to top Alert abuse Link here
Permalink
Response to navarth (Reply #1)
Sat Dec 29, 2012, 06:40 PM
erinlough (1,875 posts)
About | Copyright | Privacy | Terms of service | Contact
Advertise on DU
© 2001 - 2015 Democratic Underground, LLC. Thank you for visiting.The past - case law, legal precedent and prior decisions - is usually a critical element of Supreme Court deliberations. But last week’s oral arguments on President Obama’s health care law indicate this court’s nine justices are focused on another factor altogether: the future.
The Obama administration and other backers of the Affordable Care Act went into the arguments confident the law would be upheld if the justices followed the precedents they and their predecessors had set over the past 70 years of jurisprudence.
But during the final two days of arguments, the justices barely mentioned previous cases, spending time instead mulling hypothetical situations in attempts to determine where the law’s constitutional limits are drawn.
“What I saw … was five justices who took off their chains,” said Ian Millhiser, a policy analyst for the liberalCenter for American Progress. “That’s scary whether you like the opinion they wind up writing or you don’t, because it means that the next time around they’ll be free to take the chains off again.”
In the briefs it submitted defending the law, the Obama administration repeatedly pointed to landmark Commerce Clause cases such as Wickard v. Filburn and Gonzales v. Raich to remind the court it already has allowed the government to regulate activities closely related to interstate commerce.
Meanwhile, those challenging the law pointed to two outlying cases in 1995 and 2000 when the court found limits to Congress’ power under the Commerce Clause, and struck down two laws as unconstitutional.
But instead of talking about how those cases inform the decision they face now, Republican-appointed justices Samuel A. Alito Jr., Antonin Scalia and Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. peppered Solicitor General Donald B. Verrilli Jr. with questions such as why the government couldn’t also force people to buy cellphones, cars or broccoli, if it can make them buy health insurance.
“So can the government require you to buy a cellphone because that would facilitate responding when you need emergency services?” Chief Justice Roberts said. “You can just dial 911 no matter where you are?”
And Justice Alito pushed Mr. Verrilli to explain the difference between mandating health insurance and burial insurance. “Most people are going to need health care,” he said. “Almost everybody. Everybody is going to be buried or cremated at some point. What’s the difference?”
The tenor and intensity of their questions left the administration and supporters of the law reeling and wondering whether the court will do an about-face on Commerce Clause jurisprudence.
Mr. Millhiser called the potential scenario “shocking and terrifying.”
“If the justices start acting like every single case is a blank slate they can do whatever they want with, then my law degree isn’t worth very much,” he said. “But beyond that it has terrifying implications for the country.”
Court-watchers said the challengers, and not the administration, seemed to set the terms of the debate, as the justices pushed the administration to offer a “limiting principle” - an example of something the government can’t do if it can mandate insurance.
“I think this demonstrates that the plaintiffs have been very successful in framing the case for the justices as ‘this is something that is unprecedented, this is a major step, it has all kinds of ramifications in the future,’ ” said Tim Jost, a Washington and Lee University law professor who supports the individual mandate.
Even moderate Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, a typical swing vote on the court, suggested to Mr. Verrilli that he has a weighty burden to prove the government can require Americans to buy insurance without violating the Constitution - although he also seemed to agree with the administration that the health care market is unique from other types of markets.Miuccia Prada Channels Sixties Heiress for Miu Miu Pre-Fall 2010
Like us on Facebook
If your favorite great auntie, who lived on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in the Sixties, opened up her closet and handed over a well-preserved collection of vintage fox fur jackets, plaid coat dresses with gold buttons and matching bottoms, and baby doll dresses with peter pan collars, you would not have to purchase a single item from Miuccia Prada's pre-fall collection for Miu Miu. However, if said relative and wardrobe does not exists, you can get the desired bourgeois vintage look with Prada's chunky, knitted mittens and knee-high socks when the collection lands in stores late this summer.Dodge Magnum Billet grilles
Dodge Magnum grilles from AAG give you hot new style. Go with car billet grille in various finishes like chrome, polished stainless, and even custom painted colors. Each and every Magnum billet grille is custom-built to your exact vehicle so drilling and cutting are not required. Get the best Dodge Magnum billet grille at competitive prices at Auto Accessories Garage. Our Dodge Magnum Grilles have 44 reviews, averaging 4.7 out of 5 stars.
Categories
Brands
Showing 7 products
Sort By:
Rating:
(13)
- From $82.58
- Free Shipping
Rating:
(8)
- From $31.00
- Free Shipping
Rating:
(9)
- From $61.99
- Free Shipping
Rating:
(3)
- From $93.82
- Free Shipping
Rating:
(9)
- From $64.95
- Free Shipping
Rating:
(2)
- From $60.99
- Free Shipping
Rating:
- From $67.75
- Free Shipping
Looking for Dodge Magnum grilles is pain-free at Auto Accessories Garage. The best performing Magnum grille brands are here at AutoAccessoriesGarage.com for you to browse. Also, we offer 100% free shipping on your order. When you're after tried and true Dodge Magnum grilles that you can afford there's just no provider better than AutoAccessoriesGarage.com.
More Popular Magnum Accessories: Dodge Magnum Headlights, Dodge Magnum Tail Lights, Dodge Magnum Lowering Kits, Dodge Magnum Coil Springs & Dodge Magnum Performance Chips.
We offer Dodge Magnum Grilles for the following years & trims:
- Magnum RT Grilles
- Magnum SRT-8 Grilles
- Magnum SXT Grilles
- Magnum SE Grilles
- Magnum XE Grilles
- 2009 Dodge Magnum Grilles
- 2008 Dodge Magnum Grilles
- 2007 Dodge Magnum Grilles
- 2006 Dodge Magnum Grilles
- 2005 Dodge Magnum Grilles
Popular Dodge Magnum Grilles
- 2008 Dodge Magnum T-Rex Billet Grille T-Rex 25462
- 2005-2007 Dodge Magnum Putco Flaming Inferno Grille Putco 89252
- 2005-2007 Dodge Magnum T-Rex Upper Class Mesh Grille T-Rex 54473
- 2005-2007 Dodge Magnum Street Scene Speed Grille Street Scene 950-74641
- 2005-2007 Dodge Magnum Carriage Works Billet Bumper Grille Carriage Works 42273
- 2005-2007 Dodge Magnum Putco Punch Grille Putco 84434
- 2005-2007 Dodge Magnum Carriage Works Billet Grille Carriage Works 42271
- 2005-2007 Dodge Magnum Putco Flaming Inferno Grille Putco 89152The Yankees make a Grand escape
Jun 24, 2010, 8:45 AM EDT
See what I did there with that headline? Clever, eh? You know, because Curtis GRANDerson hit the game-winning homer? Anyone? OK, maybe not. But when 5,000 blog posts you have written, occasionally hacky too you will become. Anyway:
The Yankees came close to blowing a great opportunity just like the Red Sox did, except rather than squandering a great outing against a great pitcher, the Yankees almost squandered a poor-even-for-Dontrelle-Willis performance.
Willis walked seven guys in his two and a third innings. It was a performance that will probably get him designated for assignment within the next 24 hours, but somehow the Yankees only scored two runs off him, thanks in part to some poor fundamental baseball: Nick Swisher was caught stealing and then a botched hit and run by Cano got Teixeira nailed in the first. Why Girardi decided to start playing small ball against a human pinball machine like Willis is beyond me, but the Yankees could have scored a gajillion runs against the guy if they just played some take and rake ball.
Because of that, the game remained close. Curtis Granderson’s 10th inning homer proved to be the game-winner, but unlike most situations in which Mariano Rivera is called on to lock it down he didn’t exactly lock it down. Rather, he got himself into a bases loaded, no-out jam in the bottom of the tenth. While I would say most pitchers who escape such a situation without any runs scoring got lucky, Rivera has more than earned the benefit of the doubt, so I’m gonna say he bore down or something: two pop-ups and a strikeout, game over.
A high wire act for the Yankees to be sure, but a win all the same. And with the Rays and Sox both losing, they picked up another game in the AL East.
- Pisano - Jun 24, 2010 at 9:16 AM
What else can you say about him ? he got himself into trouble , he stayed calm and worked his way out of a jam . I don’t think we’ll ever see a better , or longer lasting reliever than Rivera . He’s the King of cool .
-
- TomTom - Jun 24, 2010 at 9:21 AM
Oh no, are you going to bring in Suzyn Waldman to do some color commentary on your HBT extra show? Resist the urge to turn into John Sterling.
-
- YankeesfanLen - Jun 24, 2010 at 9:32 AM
Turning into John Sterling would not bother me nearly as much as changing into Michael Kay. The real solution, which is usually achieved here, is Jerry Seinfeld in the booth.
The Universe should have been ahead 5-0 by the end of the second. What a ridiculous, sloppy game this was.
-
- aleskel - Jun 24, 2010 at 10:39 AM
a minor quibble – Teixiera getting gunned down wasn’t on a hit-and-run play. It was a full count to Cano and Girardi sent the runners. Probably not a smart move, but it wasn’t like he was going all Whitey Herzog out there. I mean, why on earth would he call for a hit-and-run with one of his slowest runners on 2)When I began teaching in the late 1980's in a medium size school district located in Central Wisconsin, the world of education was much different than it is today. The battles I fought with the infamous "Ditto" machine resulted in more purple ink on me and the surrounding floor rather than the worksheets being copied. Like the "Ditto" machine that served us well in another time our classrooms have evolved. When you walk into the main office or copier room of any school you'll find copy machines that not only copy. But today's machines fax, staple, hole punch, send directly to email, send to multiple recipients, copy in booklet form and so on.
Like those worksheets and tests handed out by the millions in schools throughout the nation, our methodologies, strategies and resources for educating children has changed. The traditional classroom with rows of desks and a teacher lecturing before complaisant students was an educational paradigm that served the mid-twentieth century industrial American educational system. (Video: "How Quiet Helps the Classroom") Let's examine that system and paradigm for a moment. Who were the builders and craftsmen that established this approach to education? Hmmmm....well truth is our Post-World War II business world and military had a heavy hand in what education was to look like here in America. The Quiet Classroom is evidence to this statement. Watch the video and listen for the number of times the word "work" is used to describe the expected outcome for the classroom. Learning is secondary, the amount of work defined the level of success attained. For industrial America in the 1950's work ethic was a prized characteristic (and still is) that often was part of what defined success. Work, dirt under the fingernails, sweat, was the measure of success. So the fact that our public schools goal was to create good "workers" was understandable. The only problem is work is not synonymous with learning, and isn't the most conducive environment to learn. Industry giants today no longer carry this paradigm either. Creativity, and critical thinking are the two most desired qualities the business community currently seek in their workforce. The top down structure has been replaced by the grass roots approach to business. In his book The Global Achievement Gap, author Tony Wagner cites Ellen Kumata, who is the managing partner at Cambria Associates who consuls Fortune 200 companies. Kumata states, "When I talk to my clients, the challenge is this: How do you do things that haven't been done before, where you have to rethink or think anew, or break set in a fundamental way-it's not incremental improvement anymore." She furthered, "Fortune 200 companies face all kinds of challenges everyday - globalization challenges, talent challenges. The idea that a company's senior leaders have all the answers and can solve problems by themselves has gone completely by the wayside. Leaders expect employees to help them figure out what to do." (Wagner 20-21)
For our children to be successful in this new millennium the traditional education must evolve into a paradigm that allows for them to be active, engaged learners where exploration and the art of asking the right questions are just as if not more important than the answer. This is the paradigm shift before us and the urgency to answer it's call.Hi,
I live an a terraced house built approx. 100-120 years ago and have a water problem underneath one of my bedroom window sills.
I will upload some photos later but here's a brief description of the problem:
As I said there is a damp patch under the window sill, about half a metre wide. This appeared last year, I have since gutted the room and had the walls rendered and plastered. I also had a new window installed at the same time. I must admit that the old window was in awfull nick and after inspection I had come to the conclusion that this was the cause of the damp problem. It is now obvious that this was not the case (the builder didn't advise me otherwise however).
Anyway. Today (first dry day in South Wales for quite a while) I have scraped all loose paint off the window sill, which I have found to be in bad condition. The best way of describing this would be a loose top layer of stone, almost as though water has penetrated beneath the top layer and caused it to seperate (in wood I would describe this as delaminating, though I don't think this would be the correct terminology for stone?). I have also removed the loose pieces of stone. I'll upload photos shortly.
Along with the above, beneath the paint I have unearthed a crack on either side of the sill, from front to back of the sill. Again I will upload photos shortly.
I am now under the impression that this (the cracks) is the source of the water ingress. Please could you offer your proffessional opinions on this problem. Any comments will be greatly appreciated.
In the meantime (as soon as I have typed this) the only thing I can think of to remedy this temporarily is to get the silicone sealant out and go to town (I am desperate to save the nice new plastered wall inside).
Right! I'm off to play with the sill again.
Cheers.Christ.
J!
xx, S
When Danier recently announced the latest addition to their roster of designer collaborators, Toronto-based Philip Sparks, there was an audible cheer from fashion-conscious men across the country. An accessories collection to call their own, one they wouldn’t have to share with the ladies? Definitely cause for excitement. Today, we got a sneak peek at the collection at the Danier Spring 2012 preview, and it’s everything they – and we! – hoped it would be.
Sparks’.
Match
Having lived in Toronto all my life (the ‘burbs count too!), I consider myself to be a city girl through and through. I’m not outdoors-y, unless you consider pounding the pavement on the hunt for designer shoe sales time well spent in the great outdoors. I don’t camp, I don’t play outdoor sports, and the thought of me doing either would make those who know me laugh out loud. What I can do, however, is look the part of a chic outdoors-y type quite well. I’m about the plaid, for example. And I’m forever trekking around in boots that look like they’re meant for some heavy duty activity that I will probably never, ever take part in. Don the right gear and I can almost fool myself, so when I ventured into the countrified world that Philip Sparks created for his Fall 2011 collection earlier this week, I felt right at home.
Sporting tweed and sheep’s fur and all rosy-cheeked, the models looked as if they had just stepped out of a winter wonderland where the snow is always powdery, the temperature cold but not too cold, and the spiked hot cocoa never runs out. From shawl collar coats to plaid button-downs to penguin suits, the collection was a lovely countrified chic that’s perfectly suited for Canadian winters. The womens’ contrast lapel tuxedo and wool toggle coats were right up my alley. The message I took away from the presentation was simple: baby, it’s cold outside, but throw on some Philip Sparks duds and let’s chop some firewood, ride a sleigh or two, climb a couple of mountains…and look glam doing.Lawrence P. Casey
1 Fan
Age
74
Birthday
Nov. 8th, 1940
Born in
New York City, New York, USA
Height
Guest TV Roles[none found].
TRIVIA:11 June - 5th anniversary dinner with my fav at hai di lao.
Knowing that they opened till 3am, we went there at about 9plus thinking that there wont be anyone queuing. But we were wrong. Thankfully the wait wasn't very long. They served us drinks while waiting. (Y)
While waiting for the food....
What we ordered:
Ma la soup // Seafood soup
Pig liver, pig kidney and vermicelli
Angus black beef. SUPER GOOD!!!!
Cockles are huge and fresh!
Mid meal selfieeee! They provide you with hair tie so you can eat without have your hair falling here and there. I didnt even asked for it. They just passed it to me.
After the meal, we are so full and satisfied with the food!
Both quality of the food and service of the restaurant is superb! Very friendly staff and they will take initiative to help you rather than waiting for you to ask them. We will definitely be back for more! (Y) But i have tummyache cos the ma la soup was toooo spicy for me :( But still, yay to an awesome meal and night spent with this boy!
Really thankful for all this years :p Thank you for not giving up on us! hehe
<3.
Alternative/private loans
- These loans are offered by banks or lending institutions to help students and parents bridge the gap between the cost of education and financial aid already received. These loans are not guaranteed by the federal government.
Important terms
- Subsidized loans
- Won't accrue interest while you are enrolled at least half time (6 credit hours), in deferment (postponed with approval) or in your grace period.
- Unsubsidized loans
- Accrue interest while you're in school. Interest payments are not mandatory while you're in school, but any interest accrued will turn into principal once the loan is in repayment.
- Disbursement
- Payment of the loan to your tuition, room & board account at Calvin. must only be signed once (Master Promissory Note).
- Co-signer
- For private loans, this is the person who will be responsible for making payments if the primary borrower becomes unable or unwilling to make payments on the loan. A parent, spouse or other relative may be a good candidate for co-signing. All of our alternative loan preferred lenders strongly suggest a co-signer in order to obtain the best interest rates and repayment terms possible.
Leaving Calvin?
If you discontinue your education for any reason, you must contact the office of financial aid regarding your loans. You must also complete exit loan counseling.
If you wish to reduce or cancel your loan(s) or wish to sign a paper promissory note instead of the electronic note, please contact our office.glbtq >> discussion >> View topic - Congratulations Connecticut! Encyclopedia Discussion Forgot Your Password? Not a Member Yet? JOIN TODAY. IT'S FREE! Advertising Opportunities Permissions & Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Index FAQ Member List Report Abuse Guidelines Topic: Congratulations Connecticut! Author Message glbtq Site AdminJoined: 01 Feb 2003Posts: 133 Posted: 12 Nov 2008, 6:07 pm Post subject: Congratulations Connecticut! Congratulations to the same-sex couples who begin marrying in Connecticut today. After the defeat of marriage equality in California on November 4, it is heartening to see pictures of happy couples in Connecticut..We create and shoot videos for some of the coolest brands, businesses and startups on the planetSupercool is a full service creative agency and production company
CREATIVE IDEAS We develop creative concepts and ideas based on the goals of your videos. What are you trying to achieve with your video? Every video should be either entertaining, informative and educational, The best ones are three!
SCRIPTS & STORYBOARDS Yup. We write the scripts too and show you a visualization of what your video will look like.
PRE-PRODUCTION Casting, location scouting, permit fees and what we’ll be having for lunch on the shoot day. Very important to the crew.
PRODUCTION Direction, lighting, art direction, props, wardrobe makeup
POST PRODUCTION Editing, music, motion graphics, color correction, sound sweetening.
ONLINE VIDEO MARKETING This really belongs with our marketing services but we thought we’d mention it here too. We can get views for your videos, exposure on social media channels and increase conversion rates.
COMEDY & VIRAL VIDEOS Our agency culture is born from a comedy background. Our writers and directors are funny people and we love creating and shooting videos that get lots of views and attention. Brands, businesses and startups can use video to build awareness, sell products and drive interaction.
VIDEO GAME AND APP TRAILERS Every video game and app needs a solid trailer and we’ve created and shot them for the best.
VIRAL VIDEOS Viral videos are unexpected and memorable but above all they’re shareable. The trick is to make sure your brand, business or startup goes along for the ride.
ANIMATED INFOGRAPHICS You know, explainer videos. The ones with motion graphics that dance around to cool music and a catchy voiceover?
WEB SERIES If you’re up for the long haul, a web series is the way to go and it doesn’t have to break your budget because we can shoot a bunch of episodes all at once. Web series are a great way to build an audience and they provide lots of shareable content for your social networks.
PR PITCH VIDEOS Short, to the point videos used to pitch the media are very effective. We’re even starting to use Vine and Instagram to send quick messages via catchy, sticky videos.
Digital Marketing Strategy + Consulting + Branding
Overall Strategic Vision, Goals, Plan, Branding, Voice and Metrics
Online Video Creative + Production
Creative concepts, online video production and online viral marketing
Social Media Planning + Management + Viral Marketing
Social media strategy / planning and channel management
Digital PR Planning + Media Outreach
PR strategy / planning, media lists and outreach
Supercool is a full service creative agency and production company
Overall Strategic Vision, Goals, Plan, Branding, Voice and Metrics
Creative concepts, online video production and online viral marketing
Social media strategy / planning and channel management
PR strategy / planning, media lists and outreach$135.00
Buy 1, GET 2 FREE!* Mix and Match - (or Get 60% OFF each – use code: SIXTY at checkout)
100% two-ply staple cotton with a special finish that holds crispness while enhancing softness. 80s 2-ply pinpoint. Comes with removable extra durable button strip. Machine wash. Imported. Exact sleeve length.
Additional Sizes:
Color : Select Swatch Below
$10.00 additional
We have hand selected products to match the product above.
REVIEW SNAPSHOT®
(based on 11 reviews)
Ratings Distribution
5 Stars
(6)
4 Stars
(2)
3 Stars
(1)
2 Stars
1 Stars
(0)
100%
of respondents would recommend this to a friend.
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Reviewed by 11 customers
Sort by
Displaying reviews 1-11
Back to top
bad spelling
By rickle
from Bensalem, PA
About Me Stylish
Comments about Jos. A. Bank Art Pique Bib Wing Collar Formal dress shirt:
The shirt is very nice. The monogram on the sleeve was spelled incorrectly, causing me to miss wearing the shirt to a scheduled event. You did replace the shirt with the correct spelling, a couple of weeks later
Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend
Was this review helpful? Yes / No
- You may also flag this review
Full dress shirt
By DB
from Sacramento, CA
About Me Conservative, Practical
The shirt runs large I took a 16 vs 16 1/2 in ordinary Jos A Bank shirts. Shirt is great but collar is only 1.25 inches and french cuffs so not 100% traditional for white tie. Still is seems to be the most traditional available anywhere.
Very nice shirt
By Trout Slayer
from Billings, MT
About Me Practical, Stylish, Trendy
Bought this shirt for my son who plays in a symphony. He has had many compliments on the shirt, and is very happy with the quality.
(1 of 1 customers found this review helpful)
Prompt Service with Hard to find item
By Fox hunter
from Athens, Ga
About Me Conservative, Practical, Traditional
Dress shirts in that design and size are hard to find
Size Matters
By Harry C
from New York
About Me Practical
Attend 4 - 6 White Tie formal functions over a 12 months period. Liked the 100% cotton shirt at a reasonable price. Disapppointed that the sleeve length is not as described - slighlty shorter than the 33" listed before laundering.
Service and delivery comments:
Delivered promptly and in good condition.
Quality merchandise at an amazing price.
By Rick Georges
from St. Petersburg, Florida
About Me Comfort-oriented, Conservative, Practical, Stylish
Amazing prices on quality clothing. Great local sales people and great service. What's not to like?
Great shirt, looks good, easy care
By Batolin man
from D.C.
About Me Comfort-oriented, High-end shopper, Practical, Stylish
I've played in professional orchestras around the country for over 20 years and finally found the perfect shirt for a tails gig. I want to look and feel as good as the orchestra sounds every night and JABank makes it happen. The fit is just right, the wings stay down behind the JABank pique tie, the bib is thick so it stays flat and looks crisp with home laundering and easy ironing. Works perfectly with the JABank pique vest. Very happy with 5 I own, with only one problem - I want a few more but they are rare in my size, 15.5 x 36! But JABank sales staff continues to work hard for me to scrounge up any that come available, like the one I just bought. I have recommended this shirt to all my colleagues.
(2 of 2 customers found this review helpful)
Excellent quality, but quite warm!
By miketpt
from Los Angeles, CA
About Me Comfort-oriented, Conservative
I am a professional musician and purchased two of these shirts to use for work with my tails setup. The quality and finish of the shirt are excellent. I didn notice that I was MUCH warmer on stage with this shirt, due to the thickness of the material of the pique front. Just something to think about.
Excellent high quality
By JBL in the film biz
from NYC, NY
About Me High-end shopper, Stylish
I generally go to another retail shirting store when purchasing formal shirts but as I was already purchasing a tuxedo from Jos. A. Bank I gave this a try (and for the discounted price). I think it is just as excellent as the other store but at a fraction of the price.
Wanted the looks of the 1930's
By Dieterwolfe
from Citrus Heights (Sacramento), California
About Me Conservative
I'm very happy with the quality and look of the shirt. I wish I could get a real bib but that asking a lot. You know the one that pops up. LOL Anyway, the rest of the shirt in a light cotton that will make it comfortable at my wedding. I'm matching it with a pique vest and Black tails. I can't wait to bring this all together.
Perfection!
By djr214
from Dallas, TX
About Me Comfort-oriented, Conservative, High-end shopper, Practical
This shirt feels great, fits great, and looks great. Of course delivery was on time, and the shirt was very nicely packaged..Our…” »
A Google+ Content Strategies Infographic!
Filed under: SEO
Alright, I’m “new” to CopyBlogger and the strengths that so many online sources and bloggers refer to when discussing this site….and yes, I’m okay with that. I learn as many others do…in a sort of “unconcious” manner…soaking up the little links and URLs and referring site addresses that I see but don’t register…till all of a suden, I get it.
And CopyBlogger is one of those sites that yes, I’ve heard of many many times in the past decade or so…but not thought of conciously as a site to visit. I blog. So do they. I blog on “all things SEO” for us Canucks. They blog on online marketing strategies…an allied field to be sure. I blog alot it appears on Google…and it’s various efforts to dominate the world. And CopyBlogger appears to at least have done so too…hence this Infographic and how I think it’s important.
Continue reading “A Google+ Content Strategies Infographic!” »
Google+.
Continue reading “Google+ Needs Your Attention for 2014!” »
Google+!
Continue reading “Google+ Matters for SEO Campaigns, eh!” »Sustainable buildings: REHAU
The catalog incorporates detailed information on the latest in heating and cooling, renewable energy and water service systems. These include the REHAU radiant heating and cooling systems, which also work ideally with the RAUGEO™ ground loop heat exchange system as a highly efficient low-temperature HVAC solution. The catalog additionally features the REHAU ECOAIR™ ground-air heat exchange system for controlled ventilation, addressing fresh air requirements of today’s tighter, more energy-efficient residential and commercial building envelopes. The crosslinked polyethylene (PEXa) based snow and ice melting, residential fire protection, INSULPEX® pre-insulated energy transfer piping and MUNICIPEX® water service line systems are also included.
Complete information on each system component is provided, including technical specifications, sizes ranges and available quantities. Individual products and accessories are easily referenced by both article number and corresponding image.
For additional information or a copy of the new catalog, contact: REHAU, 1501 Edwards Ferry Rd., N.E., Leesburg, Va., 20176. Phone: 1.800.247.9445. Fax: 1.800.627.3428. E-mail at mailto:rehau.mailbox@rehau.com. Or visit the web site at http://.This practical, easy-to-use self-study course is perfect for pianists, guitarists, instrumentalists, vocalists, songwriters, arrangers, composers, and includes ear training CDs to help develop your musical ear. In this all-in-one theory course, you will learn the essentials of music through 75 concise lessons, practice your music reading and writing skills in the exercises, improve your listening skills with the enclosed 2 Ear Training CDs, and test your knowledge with a review that completes each of the 18 unit. Answers are included in the back of the book for all lesson, ear training and review pages. Lessons 1-25 cover. Lessons 26-50 cover. Lessons 51-75 cover).- 
German Key Phrase List
German Key Phrase List
Thank you
Hi everyone!
@Neo Thank you-
@Naila, Thank you! Yes we have many applications, please check them here!
If you have questions, please let us know.
Ofelia
Team GermanPod101.com
It’s a good program,
It’s very helpful to learn..
Do u have an apps on the phone which it will be more easy to learn everywhere?
Danke
Hi Lynda,
Thank you for your feedback!
Every month we are creating new lists with different words and phrases for various levels.
You can access them at any time here >
We hope that this will help you improve your learning greatly!
Sincerely,
Tin
Team GermanPod101.com
I think Basic level should have more than 24 phrases! Do you get more phrases as you progress through the course?For example when I reach intermediate level will I have access to different phrases? Thanks
Hi Genesis!
Thank you for posting!
I am glad you seem to like this list of phrases!
Please let us know if you have any questions.
Engla
Team GermanPod101.com
Cool!
very nice.
Hi Berhane,
Thank you for your comment!
Daumen hoch!
Vielen Dank!
Clara
Team GermanPod101.com
Hallo Rinaldo,
Sehr gerne!
Vielen Dank!
Clara
Team GermanPod101.comWriters demand fees for Internet, database use
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Supreme Court grilled the country’s media heavies and a group of freelance writers on Wednesday about whether publishers should be forced to secure a freelance writer’s permission before reposting an article on electronic databases.The justices repeatedly questioned why posting stories on such databases is any different from a publisher’s existing right to make a freelancer’s work part of a catalog. Current copyright law states that publishers of “collected works,” such as a major daily or news magazine, have the right to reproduce freelance works to preserve a historical record. Writers want their fee Labor lawyer Laurence Gold, representing the National Writer’s Union and a small group of freelance writers, said the Internet cannot be compared to yesterday’s catalog, since it is entirely different in scope and reach. He said freelance writers deserve a royalty fee if their works are resold to such databases as Lexis/Nexis. Harvard law professor Lawrence Tribe, arguing for the New York Times, Newsday and the Times Inc. Publishing Co. and Lexis/Nexis, told the high court that an Internet database is really no different from a microfilm. He said the fate of databases would be threatened if publishers had to go back and secure permission from hundreds of freelancers. Barring that, databases would have to be purged. “We’re going to have a serious problem with our kids doing homework and professors finding out what happened in the middle of the 20th century,” Tribe said. The court is expected to rule on the case by summer. (Reuters contributed to this report.)Interviewing A Pediatrician
How can I find a good pediatrician? What questions should I ask when I interview them?
How can I find a good pediatrician? What questions should I ask when I interview them?
You're smart to be thinking about interviews. Even if there’s only one name on your list of potential pediatricians (we recommend at least two), it’s a good idea to meet in person and learn about their practice and philosophy. Try to settle on a pediatrician by your seventh or eighth month to avoid waddling in and out of even more doctor’s offices during those last few weeks.
The best way to start your search: Ask around — your friends, family and OB are great sources for referrals. You can also find more real mom recommendations in our lila guide, or check the list of American Academy of Pediatrics members in your area. (Don't forget to run candidate names through your state's medical board to check for any disciplinary action.)
Once you’ve got a few names, it’s time to set up the interviews. You’ll probably only have about ten minutes for each, so ask the most important questions first. Remember, there are no “right” answers here- let your (baby-filled) gut be your guide.
Basic Information
[ ] Doctor:
[ ] Practice:
[ ] Location:
[ ] Phone:
[ ] Website:
Ask the Doctor
[ ] How long have you been practicing?
[ ] Do you have any sub-specialties?
[ ] What are your hours? Do you offer evenings or weekends?
[ ] Do you offer same-day sick appointments? How far in advance do well appointments?
[ ] Do you respond to questions by e-mail? Do you accept calls for routine and non-emergency questions? If I leave a message, how long does it usually take you to return the call?
[ ] Will your initial meeting with my baby be at the hospital or the first checkup? What is your schedule for well baby checkups?
[ ] Will you discuss my child’s general growth and issues like discipline and social development?
[ ] What are your views on… Bottle feeding? Circumcision? Parenting techniques? Getting babies to sleep? Alternative medicine? Antibiotics? Immunizations? Childhood obesity?
[ ] What hospitals do you work with?
[ ] Do you take my insurance? Is there an extra charge for…Advice calls during the day? Advice calls after hours? Medication refills? Filling out forms? Will any other fees apply?
[ ] What are your policies for insurance claims, lab policies, payments and billing?
[ ] What tests are handled in the office, and what is done elsewhere? Where?
Ask Yourself
[ ] Was the office clean?
[ ] Was the waiting room kid-friendly, with toys and books?
[ ] How soon could the interview be scheduled? How long were you in the waiting room?
[ ] Was the office staff helpful? Were the nurses friendly?
[ ] Was the interview rushed? Did the doctor seem open to questions?
[ ] Did the communication feel natural? Was the doctor easy to understand?The debate over whether buy-and-hold investing makes sense in such an unpredictable market has made its way the mutual fund arena, where managers are increasingly turning a skeptical eye toward the traditional strategy.
While some of the larger funds remain ensconced in longer-term positions with only marginal levels of turnover, others are looking for a prolonged period of higher highs and lower lows that will create advantages for those willing to be more nimble.
The compressed market cycle is part of what what ING Investment Management experts are calling the "next normal."
Such a volatile climate will make it increasingly harder for buy-and-hold investors who like to park their money in positions for years and make only incremental adjustments along the way, executives at the firm said during a media briefing this week in New York.
"Expect more troughs, more volatility if you like—more non-linear behavior," said Tycho Van Wijk, senior investment manager for the ING Global Growth fund. "But do not trust your models very much. Judge every situation on its own."
The encouragement of investors to give their fund managers more leeway is a fairly bold one in the mutual fund world, where managers often give lip service to mobility but sometimes don't follow through.
"We've seen managers we deal with in a lot more discussion about concepts around sell discipline and risk budgets and things that really didn't exist 18 months ago," said Brett D'Arcy, chief investment officer at CBIZ Wealth Management, a San Diego-based risk advisory firm that deals with most high-net-worth clients. "If they had a sell discipline it was more theoretical. That's a change."
At ING, the "next normal" is a tweak on the "new normal" phrase coined by bond giant Pimco to describe a prolonged period of slow growth ahead.
Combining the dynamics of stronger global growth and greater volatility would require investors to be nimble if they want to capitalize on market moves higher and not get stung by drops. ING is a long-only firm so it does not make plays on the market heading lower.
"This could be the next normal," Van Wijk said. "The availability of global information is a very powerful key in understanding what is happening."
The result for the fund is a globally based strategy that focuses not only on individual parts of the world but also on investments that fit within seven broad themes: Economic growth, digital revolution, shifts in demography, changes in consumer behavior, industrial and technological innovation, environmental change and social and political change.
"Give your manager as much flexibility as possible," Van Wijk said.
Some investors appear to be taking the advice, as evidenced if nothing else in the proliferation of exchange-traded funds into the market.
ETFs use a variety of assets that track index performance, but they can be traded like stocks. So even if the ETF itself is a rather static way of tracking an index's performance, the ability for investors to buy and sell them at will essentially allows a trading environment inside of a buy-and-hold strategy.
"There's certainly more interest in tactical allocation. We've seen a growing number of funds doing that," said Russ Kinnel, director of fund research at Morningstar. "Part of the reason ETFs have grown is that they are catering to people who don't want to buy and hold."
The move way from buy and hold doesn't necessarily mean that investors are changing the time frames to meet their goals, but rather are changing tactics.
"Even if you're a long-term investor, given the extremes in the market it makes sense to have increased your turnover," Kinnel said. "There's good reason for long-term investors to create turnover."
To be sure, Kinnel said the turnover numbers still show that many of the dominant funds are sticking to their basics. But he said trends in the ETFs, which now have about $1.03 trillion under management, show that fund managers are adjusting their thinking.
For ING, a tactical shift does not mean a change in the firm's largely bullish outlook for the economy and the stock market.
The company remains overweight on stocks and high-yield bonds as well as commodities. ING remains underweight in US Treasurys in part because of concerns about debt in developed economies.
The key is the economy, but with emphasis on the importance not of how good things are from a historical standpoint but on how much they've improved from the recessionary lows, said Paul Zemsky, ING's head of asset allocation.
The theme fits into the notion that now is not a good time to be stagnant.
"The market tends to respond to the rate of change," Zemsky said. "There's a dichotomy. Those who have focused too much on the level of economic activity have missed the reality, because it's the change in economic activity that is the point."
The rise of developing economies combined with the proliferation of more sophisticated and faster information in the marketplace is making it essential for investors to allow fund managers more leeway in adapting, Van Wijk added.
"Buy and hold is probably not the best strategy," he said. "We decided to let go of the conventional tools. It was a tough step to take but we had to do it."The Situation
Thailand’s army seized power in a military coup in May after months of street demonstrations against the elected government. All protests and political gatherings of more than five people are banned. The military junta says an election will be held in 2016, provided the nation’s decade-long political divide can be healed and a new constitution drafted. The last election, in February 2014, was blocked by anti-government groups and former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra was removed from office by the Constitutional Court. She was popular among rural voters who supported her brother, former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who was ousted in the last coup in 2006 but directed policy from abroad through his sister and her Pheu Thai party. Protests began in October 2013 against an amnesty bill that would have absolved Thaksin, a billionaire tycoon-turned-politician, after his conviction for corruption. They killed at least 25 people and evolved into a wider push to upend Thaksin’s electoral dominance, which is based, the protesters claim, on vote-buying and favors for the poor. Subsidies for rice farmers helped Thaksin and his allies win the last five elections with support from the vast northeast of the country. His opponents include civil servants, middle-aged royalists and the Democrat party, which led a court-installed government during the last deadly uprising in 2010.
The Background
Thailand has had a dozen coups since the country’s seven-century reign of kings ended with a bloodless 1932 putsch that turned the Kingdom of Siam into a constitutional monarchy. The economy was kick-started by U.S. economic aid that rewarded Thailand’s postwar campaign against communism, then propelled by Japanese and European manufacturers tapping Thai workers to make cars and disc drives for world markets. Successive governments met early ends at the hands of the military or the courts, which see themselves as protectors of the people, obligated to resolve power struggles. Thailand has had more than 20 prime ministers since 1946, when King Bhumibol Adulyadej assumed the throne. The economy has proved resilient, bouncing back from the Asian currency crisis in 1997, the devastating tsunami in 2004 and crippling floods in 2011. About two-thirds of Thailand’s 67 million people live in rural areas and more than 90 percent are Buddhist.
The Argument
Bangkok’s urban middle class and royalist elite have resisted ceding control after Thaksin drew rural voters to the polls, swelling turnout to more than 75 percent in the last two elections. They reject the idea that they’re thwarting democracy, saying the damaged political system can only produce a credible government after it’s swept clean of Thaksin’s influence. His supporters, enraged by the way their repeated victories have been overturned, have joined the cycle of stalemates and sporadic violence. A gradual accommodation might involve more power-sharing with regional governments, though that could take a generation or more. The worst outcome could be a breakup of the country or even a civil war. While the 87-year-old king, whose portrait hangs in most homes and shops, has intervened in the past to calm his subjects, he’s seen as too ill to do so now.
The Reference Shelf
- Bloomberg Markets article from October 2013 on Thailand’s rural boom.
- Paul Handley’s biography of Bhumibol Adulyadej, “The King Never Smiles.”
- New Mandala website, a forum for academic debates about Southeast Asia hosted by the ANU College of Asia and the Pacific.
- World Bank’s Thailand Economic Monitor from December 2012.
First Published Jan. 31, 2014
To contact the writer of this QuickTake:
Tony Jordan in Bangkok at tjordan3@bloomberg.net
To contact the editor responsible for this QuickTake:
Leah Harrison Singer at lharrison@bloomberg.netBack
- Large Image
-
Colonial General Child Costume
Details
Warning: Product Safety Information View Details
- WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – Small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs.
- Price:
- $99,999.00
- Prod ID:
- 31087
This little Yankee looks to be quite dandy!
This cool costume set includes a white and navy blue tailcoat, white pants, and a black hat. 3-Piece set. Machine wash. Polyester.
Does not include shoes.
- Product Number
- #31087
- Included Accessories
- Hat.
- Material
- Polyester.
-
-Howard Pyle letters, 1894 Aug. 19-1899 Nov. 14
Pyle, Howard, b. 1853 d. 1911
Painter, Illustrator
Active in Wilmington, Del.
Collection size: 2 items (on partial microfilm reel)
Collection Summary: Letter to Mr. Marvin regarding a drawing plan Pyle was preparing, and to Ross Turner regarding an exhibition organized by the Colonial Dames.
Biographical/Historical Note: Illustrator and children's book author; Wilmington, Del.
Donated 1955-1962 by Charles E. Feinberg, an active donor and friend of AAA.
How to Use this Collection
- Microfilm reel D10 (fr. 1061-10.Keep.
Product code: 456938The film that launched a thousand movie cops who don't play by the rules. Clint Eastwood is Detective Harry Callahan, a loner law enforcer; his partners always end up in the hospital or worse, his superiors can't control him, and no criminal is safe when he's around. In this first movie of what would become a major film franchise, Harry aims his .44 Magnum at Scorpio, a serial killer terrorizing San Francisco. Eastwood is great. It's easy to see how he turned his (initially passive) character into an icon. Strong direction by Don Siegel and an awesome score by Lalo Schifrin add some juice to an otherwise by-now-formulaic plot. Bruce Surtees gritty cinematography looks great in 2.35 anamorphic widescreen (pan & scan on other side) and Schifrin's superlative score soars in this 5.1 remix. Extras include a horrible trailer, French and Spanish language dubs, and production notes.
Gregory P. Dorr
Back to Quick Reviews Index:
[A-F]
[G-L]
[M-R]
[S-Z]
Back to Main PageSouthern Ontario's newest progressive metal force WHAT'S HE BUILDING IN THERE? has announced its upcoming cross-Canada tour dates. The tour begins with a hometown performance in Waterloo, ON on July 10 and will spread through Western Canada with support on select dates from Vancouvers NINJASPY.The shows will be WHAT'S HE BUILDING IN THERE?'s first with its two new members Mason Tikl on guitar and Aiden Stevenson on bass and will also be the first set of shows with former WHBIT? bassist Hal Jaques filling in guitar duties. WHAT'S HE BUILDING IN THERE? is touring in support of its self-titled debut album, released last year on Year Of The Sun Records. The albums genre-bending eclectic sound has drawn comparisons to BETWEEN THE BURIED AND ME, MIKE PATTON, TOOL, and PRIMUS, while their debut was named one of the Top 10 albums of 2007 by TheEndlessFeed.com. The dates are as follows: July 10 - Waterloo, ON - Starlight Lounge
July 11 - Kitchener, ON - King St Theatre
July 12 - Magnetawan, ON - The Pavilion
July 15 - Thunder Bay, ON - The Black Pirates Pub
July 16 - Winnipeg, MB - Ozzies
July 17 - Saskatoon, SK - Walker's
July 18 - Edmonton, AB - Mead Hall
July 19 - Calgary, AB - Underground
July 20 - Whistler, BC - Moe Joe's
July 23 - Vancouver, BC - Pub 340
July 27 - Calgary, AB - Vern's
July 30 - Sudbury, ON - The Serbian Centre The group's video for "Avian Taxi" can be viewed below.Luxury Hotels Benahavis – Compare, review, book cheap and discounted Luxury Hotels in Benahavis. Using Hotels.com you can book your Luxury Hotel in Benahavis online with ease with our fast online search facility you are able too:
- Find and compare different Benahavis Luxury hotels by price, by star rating, amenities, theme, location, neighbourhood or brand
- Choose the perfect Luxury Benahavis*Kukla's Korner Hockey
‘Make Whole’ Still The Key Words
by Paul on 11/10/12 at 02:20 AM ET
from Pierre LeBrun of ESPN,
Then Friday came, and you knew it wasn’t going to be pretty because sources on both sides of the aisle were privately predicting "negative vibes" before the big group even got together.
A source on each side told ESPN.com that it got more than a little unfriendly by the end of Friday’s session.
Oy.
One NHL player who was on the players’ internal conference call, which followed that disappointing bargaining session, said the mood was heated on the call and players were all riled up, the consensus being that the league’s stated desire in Friday’s meeting was to not give an inch on any of its player contracting demands.
"Everyone is disturbed on lack of movement on contracting rights," said the player via text message. "That’s really hurting the process."
Truth is, I believe the league will relent on some of those contracting issues but only if and when there’s agreement on the Make Whole solution..By
Nigel M Smith
|
Indiewire
April 19, 2013 at 5:14PM
, premieres tonight at the Tribeca Film Festival.
I got a chance to sit down with Stritch and Chiemi at the actress'.
Well, you don't have to worry about packing pants.
ES: No pants?
You don't accumulate pants.
ES: I don't understand..Weekend Recap 6/1/13
~Keep up with the News...the NE NEws~
18u Gold
NE 18u Gold travelled to AZ to compete in the PGF 18u Qualifier. Team experienced a rough outing in the 110F heat. Team looks forward to the return of Ky and Janel and shedding the HS rust. Back to practice this week. Next is the Zoom Into June Invitational.
NE Gold 1 vs. AZ Hotshots 6 (eventual champs)
NE Gold 5 vs. AZ Cats 10
18u Blue
Forthcoming...
16u Gold
NE Gold vs. San Diego Elite
NE Gold vs. San Diego Renegades
NE Gold vs. Firecrackers Young
NE Gold vs. Firecrackers Rice
12 - 3 (W)
2 - 1 (W)
8 - 3 (W)
4-2 (W)
We competed in the ASA Intensity National Qualifier in La Habra. Ladies were pumped up and happy to be back together from the HS break. This was our first weekend playing together with just our players. Started off a little slow trying to work back into the travel ball pace but quickly picked up momentum.
16u Blue
NE Blue vs. Team Primus
NE Blue vs. Firecrackers - Young
NE Blue vs. Diamonds
16-0 (W)
8-1 (L)
1-2 (L)
Recap Forthcoming...
14u Gold
NE Gold vs. SB Shock
NE Gold vs. Pumas Black
NE Gold vs. Players Edge
11 -4 (W)
3-4 (L)
9-2 (W)
14u Blue
NE Blue vs. Mizuno Diamond Girls
NE Blue vs. Players Edge
NE Blue vs. SB Shock
16-1 (W)
8-0 (W)
9-2 (T)
Destiny Cerda was the starting pitcher for the first game and backed by great defense, held the opponent to just one run. NE 14u Blue scored 16 runs on this game by performing great hitting and awesome baserunning.
12u Gold
12u Blue
NE Blue vs. CA Thunder
NE Blue vs. So Cal Heartbreakers
NE Blue vs. So Cal DeMarini
9 - 5 (W)
8 - 0 (W)
8 - 4 (W)
Player of the week: Mia, not only for hitting a Homerun and getting 2 RBI’s in the first game, but for hitting another Homerun in the 2nd game and getting 3RBI’s, for a great show of hitting skill and level of focus. Keep up the good work kid!!
Manuel Garcia
socalnemesismedia@gmail.com
You just got hit number:
Site last updated on: 5/21/15
© 2014 Active Network, LLC and/or its affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved. |
Unsubscribe
Your Privacy Rights
|
Cookie Policy
Sports League Website and Softball Website powered by Active Network
View Full SiteThe Overcoming Of Unreason. Unfinished.
Kant himself in his seminal answer to the question Was ist Aufklärung? from December 5, 1783, wrote,.
So, Yusef, are we still there? The obstacles are fewer. Granted. The way is now being cleared for man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity. Granted. But are we confronted with a systemic flaw: Does man secretly wish for his self-incurred immaturity?
____________
Painting by Stephanie Willis: From the Enlightenment Series, 2008
2 Comments:
What you say is true enough and the gains for many people were very real.
But the so called "enlightenment" contained a very dark seed which found very fertile sustenance in the underground drive to total power and control at the root of the entire Western "cultural" project.
It eventually and INEVITABLY lead to the situation desccribed in this reference.
That should have been- 
Fast XMLDB
A Fast, in memory, Java based XMLDB implementation.1 weekly downloads
Finevayler
Finevayler is Java library aimed to overcome some evident inconveniences of the famous Prevayler such as: separate class for each kind of transaction; transactions cannot reference business object directly; and probably some others.1 weekly downloads
FireAlarm - monitoring for Firebird
A server performance and health monitoring tool for Firebird. Detects critical situations like long running transactions, high attachment or statement load
HypersonicSQL
Hypersonic SQL is a Java database engine with standard SQL and JDBC interface. Very compact. It can be used in applets, applications, as a server.1 weekly downloads
Index Cards
Index Cards Library is an Java library implementation of 3x5 index cards. It's just a simple database. Implementation of a display is up to the developer who uses the library.1 weekly downloads
JQuickBase
basic database files, heading for ISAM1
JavaScript SQL (JSSQL)
A database engine entirely in JavaScript (AJAX
LeverPack
LeverPack is a small, transaction based, secure, concurrent, and efficient record repository management engine written in Java. It provides READ_COMMITTED transaction isolation level supported read/write access to user data records
Mai Pen Rai
Java Object and Relation Persistence framework. No mapping configuration needed! Automatic mapping of object relations, inheritance, arrays ++. Also includes a DB-version migration framework. Powerful, yet easy to use.1 weekly downloads
Mayfly
Mayfly is an in-memory SQL implementation for unit testing. It is fast on small data sets and you can create or destroy a database as easily any other Java object.1
NSG's voucher specimen database
A database to handle voucher specimens of DNA sequences used for molecular phylogeneticsMicrosoft is hoping by making Windows Phone free and making it easy for OEMs to develop devices with the OS we will be seeing a flood of previously Android handsets running Windows Phone.
Now we may be seeing such a handset in development, as Chinese Shenzhen smartphone company NEO posted renders of their NEO M1 handset running Windows Phone in their official forums, according to GizmoChina.com.
The NEO M1 has 5-inch HD screen, 1280*720 pixel display, 1GB RAM and 8GB ROM, 13-megapixel Sony camera and super slim metal body and 2000mAh fixed battery.
The big fly in the ointment however is that the handset runs the 1.3GHz MTK MT6582 quad-core processor, for which Microsoft has not announced support yet.
Even if this device does not run Windows Phone in the end, with so many barriers being dropped to using Windows Phone on handsets I suspect we will be seeing many more such devices pop up.
The comments on this article has been closed by our moderators. If you want, you can discuss about this article on our forums.
Visit our forumsThe use of stimulant medications combined with lifestyle strategies have been the treatments that show the most efficacy for the negative symptoms of Attention Deficit Disorder. The lifestyle interventions, such as behavioral therapies, exercise, getting plenty of sleep, and eating right, all work better if there is medication involved. However, people are wary of giving medications to children, and also taking medication themselves. What do we know about medication? Is there research on medications used for Attention Deficit Disorder?
Between 10 and 20 percent of the people with ADD/ADHD are not helped by any medications used for Attention Deficit Disorder. Recent research has identified a specific type of dopamine receptor that some folks with ADD carry. If a person has this genome, then methylphenidate, also known by the trade name Ritalin, will be an effective pharmacological intervention for the negative symptoms of ADD.
Some people are not helped by the first medication that is prescribed. Other medications might need to be tried. Doctors must find the correct dosage. This takes time and patience on the part of the doctor and the person with ADD/ADHD. It is imperative to find a doctor with experience treating Attention Deficit Disorder. Prescribing can be both an art and a science. Sometimes, especially with children, a medication is prescribed at the wrong level, and the child becomes lethargic and seems to lose his sparkle. This is not permanent. The dose needs to be adjusted. Stimulant medication is out of the system in between 4-12 hours. If the child does not do well on the medication, have your medical professional make changes. The parent is always in charge of medication.
All medications can have side effects. Some of these side effects are just becoming known for stimulant medications. Recent research validates what most parents know about their children with ADD. When taking a stimulant medication, a child does not eat as much. This leads to a reduced weight and a lower body mass index (BMI). Recent research by Johns Hopkins University Bloomberg School of Public Health concluded that the BMI of younger children was suppressed by taking a stimulant medication. In fact, the younger the child was when the medication was started, and the longer it was taken, the lower the BMI in younger children. The researchers did find something unexpected. There was a rebound in BMI in older adolescents and young adults. This was problematic, since this rebound could lead to obesity.
One worry that parents often have, especially after reading sensationalized scare pieces written or filmed about stimulant medications, is that the child's risk for stroke is increased. A recent report that used data from 2.5 million children found no link between stroke and stimulant medication taken for Attention Deficit Disorder. The American Heart Association provided the data that was presented at a conference.
While having Attention Deficit Disorder appears to be a risk factor for developing substance abuse problems, a child's taking a stimulant medication does not seem to increase the probability of having difficulties with substance abuse. In analyzing 15 longitudinal studies, researchers at UCLA came to the conclusion that people with ADD are two to three times more likely to develop substance abuse problems than people without ADD. However, this has nothing to do with whether they took stimulant medications, or not.
Medication can be life-changing for some people. It can allow parents who have Attention Deficit Disorder to help their children more. Especially when a mother is effectively treated for ADD, the outcomes affect her whole family. As always, when considering medication, do your homework. Find out about possible adverse side effects. Balance those with the benefits of taking the medication. Make sure that your information is fact-based and not a sensational story meant to sell papers or an "infomercial" designed to promote a product of dubious effectiveness. You are your own best advocate for what works for you and your.John's Mashed Potatoes
Ingredients
- 1 1/2 lbs. red skin new potatoes, scrubbed
- Kosher salt
- 1/2 -3/4 cup unsweetened soy milk
- 3 -4 Tbs. unsalted butter
- freshly cracked black pepper
Directions
Cut potatoes in half if small, or in 1 1/2" pieces depending on size. Bring water to boil in a medium sauce pan, when it is boiling add 1/4 cup salt. Add potatoes to pot and return it to a slow boil, just above a simmer. Cook potatoes at a slow boil until tender. Remove from heat and drain in a colander.Place potatoes in a bowl and cover loosely and set aside.
Just before serving, using an immersion blender, stir and mash potatoes, gradually stirring in soy milk until you've reached the desired consistency. Stir in butter and taste for seasoning, adding additional salt to taste and plenty of black pepper. Serve immediately.
Cooking Tips
More Recipes and Ideas
Mashed Potatoes
Recipe courtesy of Tyler Florence
Mashed Potatoes with Smoked Paprika and Chives
Recipe courtesy of Bobby Flay
Mashed Potatoes
Recipe courtesy of Food Network Kitchen
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
FGCU Theatre Lab Opens "A Performance Constellation: Suit My Heart"
3/22/2011
FORT MYERS, FL - Florida Gulf Coast University Theatre Lab and Footsteps to the Future (a non-profit group dedicated to helping the lives of women who have aged out of foster care) collaborate to present "Suit My Heart," an original, ensemble created-performance, April 6 through April 17 in the Theatre Lab at the Arts Complex.
Performances are Wednesday through Saturday at 8 p.m., and a matinee performance on Sunday at 2 p.m.
"Suit My Heart" is the second in the Performance Constellation series of civically engaged theater works created collaboratively under the direction of Michelle Hayford, assistant professor of Theatre at FGCU.
The play was developed over an eight-month period where FGCU theater students interviewed the mentors, mentees and volunteers of Footsteps to the Future, and then transcribed those interviews as the basis of the script. The play uses many performance mediums including dance, song, music, film, ensemble scenes and duet scenes.
"I feel the play exploits what is exciting about original, ensemble theater, in that we have not been constrained by only one way to tell these stories. The diversity in the performance mediums accurately represents the diversity of those we interviewed," said Hayford.
"Talking to these women and interviewing a volunteer at Footsteps who advocates for foster youth in court, really made me step back and take a look at my life and realize how privileged I am to be where I am today," said Armando Rivera, cast member and a sophomore majoring in theater.
Tickets are $7 and can be purchased at or at the door the night of the performance; 20 percent of ticket sales proceeds will be donated to Footsteps to the Future.
Footsteps to the Future is committed to providing former foster youth with the opportunities essential for self-sufficiency and a healthy, productive lifestyle. Footsteps to the Future's goals are to inspire and encourage young women to recognize their personal power and potential, to become self-sufficient and to ultimately become leaders and role models in the community.
For more information, contact Danielle Ranno at (561) 602-5529. For ticket information, contact the Theatre box office at (239) 590-7268.
[Back to the Press Release Archives]
As many as 47 Singapore food and beverage brands, that are showcasing their products at the ongoing Gulfood 2015 in Dubai, UAE, have reported strong business interest from distributors, retailers and the Horeca industry for their mix of authenti
Dubai's Emaar Properties has agreed with banks to slash the interest rate on a $500 million syndicated loan, the developer said, in the latest example of a local company winning a cut in funding costs from cash-flush bank lenders.Finn Valley AC’s Tori Pena who was acknowledged with an Olympic recognition award at Donegal Sports Star Awards on Friday has cleared 4m40cm, qualifying her for the European Indoor Championships in Gothenburg in March.
Her award was picked up by her coach at the awards – the county’s leading event – on Friday by Finn Valley coach Bernie Alcorn.
That’s because Tori was at an event in New Mexico.
“She will remain in New Mexico for a further two weeks and is confident of clearing a new Irish record of 4-50,” said Finn Valley’s Patsy McGonagle.
“I’m delighted for Tori. This performance is a great a relief and a serious confidence boost for 2013.
“We’ve yet to see the best of Tori.”
EV Energy Partners (Nasdaq: EVEP ) reported earnings on Nov. 8. Here are the numbers you need to know.
The 10-second takeaway
For the quarter ended Sep. 30 (Q3), EV Energy Partners whiffed on revenues and missed estimates on earnings per share.
Compared to the prior-year quarter, revenue grew and GAAP earnings per share dropped to a loss.
Margins contracted across the board.
Revenue details
EV Energy Partners booked revenue of $68.7 million. The six analysts polled by S&P Capital IQ wanted to see revenue of $92.3 million on the same basis. GAAP reported sales were 6.7% higher than the prior-year quarter's $64.4.41 per share. GAAP EPS were -$1.15 for Q3 against $2.40 per share for the prior-year quarter.
Source: S&P Capital IQ. Quarterly periods. Non-GAAP figures may vary to maintain comparability with estimates.
Margin details
For the quarter, gross margin was 59.1%, 520 basis points worse than the prior-year quarter. Operating margin was -55.1%, 20,440 basis points worse than the prior-year quarter. Net margin was -72.8%, 20,920 basis points worse than the prior-year quarter.
Looking ahead
Next quarter's average estimate for revenue is $94.4 million. On the bottom line, the average EPS estimate is $0.45.
Next year's average estimate for revenue is $349.8 million. The average EPS estimate is $1.78.
Investor sentiment
The stock has a four-star rating (out of five) at Motley Fool CAPS, with 404 members out of 418 rating the stock outperform, and 14 members rating it underperform. Among 135 CAPS All-Star picks (recommendations by the highest-ranked CAPS members), 132 give EV Energy Partners a green thumbs-up, and three give it a red thumbs-down.
Of Wall Street recommendations tracked by S&P Capital IQ, the average opinion on EV Energy Partners is outperform, with an average price target of $74.56.
Can your portfolio provide you with enough income to last through retirement? You'll need more than EV Energy Partners. Learn how to maximize your investment income and "Secure Your Future With 9 Rock-Solid Dividend Stocks." Click here for instant access to this free report.
- Add EV.Pope Defamed at New Jersey State College
September 6, 1994 by Bill
Filed under Catalyst Online, Front Page Sexism in a Changing America,” by having each student identify his religion in writing. He then began his lecture by saying that Louis Farrakhan of the Nation of Islam had once called the Pope a “racist c _ – s_ _ .” Professor McClean then said Farrakhan was right.
One student, a Catholic, discussed the class with his mother that night, prompting her to write a letter to college president, Arnold Speert. Soon after, copies of this private correspondence were distributed to the entire class. The gravity of this action was compounded by the fact that the family’s address and phone number were unlisted. The only response by the college to the mother’s complaint was to arrange a meeting between the student and the Dean of Students.
It became readily apparent that the college intended to quickly dismiss the matter. Generally, a student meets with the Dean of Students only when there is cause for disciplinary action against a student. This case involved faculty misbehavior and thus belonged under the purview of the Academic Dean.
In the meantime, the student’s mother contacted the League for assistance. After gathering all the facts from the mother and the student, we contactedcClean.
The New Jersey papers gave the issue thorough coverage and the New York radio and television media also took note. But the outcry was tame compared to that which greeted Nation of Islam spokesman Khalid Muhammad last fall. Muhammad, a minion of Farrakhan’s, had uttered bigoted remarks against Jews and Catholics at Kean College last November.
In an official statement, the League declared that “If the same characterization had been made about Martin Luther King, or some other widely revered person, college officials would have been quick to respond. But their silence in the wake of this anti-Catholic statement suggests that Catholic bashing is tolerated at William Paterson College. That this comment was made in a required multicultural course is all the more telling: respect for diversity and tolerance for all religions apparently do not extend to Catholics.”
After the college’s “investigation” was completed, it made a public statement saymg that the student misconstrued the remarks and that, in any event, Professor McClean now “disassociates” himself from the comments he attributed to Farrakhan. President Speert said that the investigation was “confidential” and that “the College is satisfied that the matter has been resolved fully and completely.”
The League, however, was not satisfied. It quickly labeled President Speert’s attempt to resolve the issue as “a monumental failure.” There was no apology, no statement addressing the issue of requiring students at a state college to identify their religion, no comment on distributing private correspondence to the public and no action taken against Professor McClean.
Perhaps most damaging to the college, however, was the information that the League uncovered after the story broke. Several faculty, alumni and students called to report other instances of rank bigotry. It seems that William Paterson has a history of intolerance for certain segments of society, namely for Catholics and Jews. We received word that a female professor had lost her job because she was “an observant Jew,” and that many other professors on the campus were even more bigoted than Vernon McClean.
Accordingly, the Catholic League called upon state officials to conduct a formal hearing on the campus of William Paterson College; Governor Christie Whitman, senior higher education officials and area legislators were contacted. Given Governor Whitman’s quick and sharp response to a New Jersey beach vendor who was hawking anti-gay T-shirts (this happened at the same time as the college incident), the Catholic League expected the Governor to be even tougher in the William Paterson case. But thus far she has been mute. And this is the second incident in nine months at a New Jersey state college where bigotry occurred and nothing was done about it.
The Catholic League will not be satisfied until justice has been done. Our goal is not to simply chastise one college professor, but to root out the bigotry that is systematically lodged in college curricula and administrative behavior. We’re taking the long view on this one and it would behoove people like President Speert to do likewise.
Bedknobs & Broomsticks
We bought this lovely, simply dresser from Ikea a while back with the idea to jazz it up a bit once we’d settled on a bedroom aesthetic. As one month rolls into another, I realize it’s going to come together in that slow, careful, piece-by-piece kind of way. In the mean time, I’ve been eyeing all the gorgeous knobs and things at Anthropologie. The animal knobs are a bit much for our 8-drawer dresser, but wouldn’t they be sweet on a side table?
lace knob / feather knob / spanish moss knob / calico owl knob / silvered mirror knob
/ scenic vista knob / mother of pearl knob / fox knobHome › Health Department › Communicable Disease Control
Communicable Disease Control
Communicable Disease Control:
- Investigates and follows-up Waltham residents who have contracted a communicable disease.
- Submits data to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health.
Administratives
- Issues burial permits
- Distributes biologics (vaccines) to local providers
- Receives public complaints regarding a vast array of public health concerns
Links
-
Contact Info
City of Waltham Health Department
119 School StreetWaltham, MA 02451
(781) 314-3305 - Main Number
(781) 314-3305 - Main Number
(781) 314-3865 - Office of Weights and MeasuresThread
:
Hehe...
#
59
(
permalink
)
May 1, 2010, 04:53 PM
m1dget
Allstar
Join Date: Nov 2008
Location: Terrebonne, Qc
Posts: 707
My System Specs
Quote:
Originally Posted by
AkG
Technet is open to anyone with an internet connection. Nothing special is needed besides a credit card. By your math Apple sells their full
retail NON-UPGRADE
copies for about 15 bucks as you can get Win 7 for about 150 (last I heard the last OSX UPGRADE version was 30 bucks0. I think you need to take some more math classes, unless that is apple math. Sp1 Sp 2 and Sp 3 for XP were free...yet Apple charges for their service packs. Even if an apple OS went for 20 bucks...the TCO of MS is lower when you add up all those 20 buck upgrades over the past decade. You certainly CANT use a 10 yr old OS on a new Apple....PPC and all that. /whistle
Id like to know who you hung out with in College as for every student with a 2k laptop there is PLENTY more with cheaper ones (thus the cliche "poor student"). Maybe it is a MTL thing, who knows. As the old saying goes YMMV on that one.
I bet you felt really superior to using nothing more than stripped down system compared to the others. I bet many peeps laughed at you behind your back too. As that is probably one of the best examples of elitist *nix snobbery I have heard. At the end of the day your super fast do one thing only system was good for only that one thing, whereas those "fools" could take it home, use it talk to friends via VOIP, watch movies and {gasp} play games! Those fools! What were they thinking! By your logic anyone who uses their system for more then one thing is a fool with a poor performing tool....yet in the same breath you dis them for paying to much for their systems that could do more then yours. Must be more of that apple math at work their....or envy.
I said Nix wasn't ready for prime time....do you really think grandma or joe sixpack are going to roll their own drivers? Another great example of *Nix elitist snobbery, as you are saying if they cant do that then they are too stupid to be using a computer.
Honestly, if you are an example of this generations Nix convert....MS has nothing to worry about as you are your own worst enemy. This is coming from someone who used UNIX in a business enviro for years. I like *Nix as it is pretty darn good for some things, but by your admission it has more hassle factor involved.
Zero82z's claim is far less ridiculous then what comes out of Steve Jobs mouth on a regular basis. BUT I think his reality distortion field needs new batteries as it is wearing thin on many of his (ex)converts.
Technet sure is 'open' to anyone, but seriously, ask any typical computer users and no one knows about it.
Math class for me or reading glasses for you?
"
...OSX is about 1/4 to 1/10 of a normal windows cd...
" (quoted myself from above)
Sure you can't use a 10 years old OS with a newer mac... but why would you since OSX comes with a newer mac? ;)
For the 2k$ laptop it's simple... it was kind of a scam that a lot of hardware oriented computer guys fell for. It's not that they were not that bright, it's just that mommy & daddy gave them some money because the college assured them that the 2k$ Studio was the best thing that will last them through college and blablazzzZZ (market is easy to manipulate eh?). I'm glad I didn't fell for that. For the few other ones with 1.5$ HP laptops, well I would guess that they just didn't know better (?)
Also as with any networking/programming classes, you always have the 17 yrs old gamer nuisance who had to get "da shit" to play the latest game in class, thus costing him THAT much money for nothing.
There's always a logical explanation behing everything
Why would I feel superior and why are you insulting me? Sure people were laughing at me in my back. Heck I was a lil metalhead *nix fan using a 100$ computer running freebsd with terminals and they were a bunch of "rich looking"/cool kids gamers using those huge 2k$ laptops with Vista on them and full of games. But again they were the ones not able to make a a damn character print on a terminal, even less knowing what a kernel -is- in the first place.
Though -somehow- still laughed at me. So sure they were laughing at him but from pure and simple ignorance.
And you really seem to underestimate me: why the -hell- would I get and use a laptop if it would not satisfy my needs perfectly? I barely game anymore, I don't watch movies, I don't go on voip (even if we have our server running) and I work about 80 hours a week coding on my project/job and if you read a page before my main computer is a 500Mhz machine. If they need a 2k$ laptop to satisfy themselves, well let that be it, I don't need one.
A computer should be a tool that would allow you to do what -you want- on it, not have it for looks or by a small materialistic impulsion to get a 2k$ monster to, eh, have a 2k$ piece of useless equipement.
To stupid to be using a computer? No. Not knowing better (i'm staying polite) and buy expensive hardware and useless expensive piece of software? Yes.
(free) Unix being a bit more complicated to configure for the ones used to use it? Sure, that's what happens when you don't have a company paid to debug and configure it at your place. But again, we like screwing around with it. Unix being a ***** for the typical guy? Sure, I'm never going to deny that.
For your last statement, I have no clue whatsoever you meant o.O
EDIT: neverming this ^, I read it 5 times and finally understood the sarcasm
__________________
"
NIX is a classic example of security through obscurity because there is no real monetary reward for crackers and hackers to break Linix
" -
AkG
Last edited by m1dget; May 1, 2010 at
05:03Seth Lipsky at the Wall Street Journal (access via Google), “When Private Money Becomes a Felony Offense: The popular revolt against a declining dollar leads to a curious conviction“: But it is not clear that there is a constitutional basis or a logic for prohibiting individuals from making and selling pieces of gold and silver and using them, on a voluntary basis, as money—i.e., to “compete with” the official coinage of the U.S. Certainly it’s a loser’s game to suppress private money that is sound in order to protect government-issued money that is unsound. For, as was once said by the same Abraham Lincoln who brought in the greenback to finance the great cause of the Union, you can’t fool all of the people all of the time.
Gold Alert: Utah Approves Gold, Silver as Legal Tender
CNN: Utah: Forget dollars. How about gold?
“But he said that by eliminating taxes on the exchange of the coins, they would be on the same playing field as paper currency. And, he said, banks might step in and create accounts backed by gold and silver coins.”
John R. Smith writing at the Orlando Sentinel, Florida lawmakers should permit the use of gold as currency
“Did.”
U.S. Constitution Article I, Section 10, Clause.Oct 12, 2011
CDC reports 116 cases and 23 deaths in Listeria outbreak
Seven more illnesses and two additional deaths have been reported since Oct 6 in the outbreak of Listeria infections linked to cantaloupe, for a total of 116 cases and 23 deaths, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said in an update today. The number of affected states increased from 24 to 25 with the addition of Louisiana, which had both of the latest deaths, the report shows. Almost all the patients for whom information was available—109 of 111—were hospitalized. Four of the cases were related to pregnancy, one more than listed previously; the four included three in pregnant women and one in a newborn baby. As noted previously, one of the cases in pregnant women resulted in a miscarriage. The outbreak has been tied to Rocky Ford-brand cantaloupe from Jensen Farms in Colorado.
Oct 12 CDC update
Industry groups ask for delay on non-O157 E coli rule
Eight meat industry groups asked the federal government to delay the implementation—now scheduled for next March—of a proposed ban on six leading non-O157 strains of Shiga toxin–producing Escherichia coli in raw beef, according to a press release today from the American Meat Institute, one of the organizations. In the AMI-prepared letter, which was sent to the US Department of Agriculture's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS), the groups also asked for a 60-day extension of the public comment period, which is now set to end Nov 21.  states. The groups spell out eight topics on which the FSIS has asked for comment, including the FSIS's regulatory sampling plan, suggestions for baseline sampling, and whether a technical meeting on methods for controlling the six strains should be held during the comment period. The letter adds, "This list of issues is extensive and suggests there remains much to be done by the agency and the industry to prepare for this significant new policy."
Oct 12 AMI news release
Oct 11 meat industry group letter
Sep 13 CIDRAP News story about USDA testing plans
Study: Pandemrix in Sweden linked to some neurologic conditions
Those in Sweden immunized with the Pandemrix H1N1 vaccine in 2009 had a significantly increased risk for Bell's palsy, paresthesia, and inflammatory bowel disease but not for Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS), multiple sclerosis (MS), type 1 diabetes, or rheumatoid arthritis, according to a BMJ study today. The retrospective cohort study of 1,024,019 residents of Stockholm county linked individualized data on H1N1 vaccinations to a database on healthcare use in the county and compared them over 8 to 10 months with data for unvaccinated people. They found no increased post-vaccine risk for GBS, MS, type 1 diabetes, or rheumatoid arthritis. They found a low risk for Bell's palsy (hazard ratio, 1.25; 95% confidence interval, 1.06 to 1.48) and paresthesia (1.11, 1.00 to 1.23) after adjusting for age, sex, socioeconomic status, and healthcare use. They also found significantly increased risks of paresthesia and inflammatory bowel disease among those vaccinated in the early phase f the vaccination campaign. They also write, "Small numbers of children and adolescents with narcolepsy precluded any meaningful conclusions." Pandemrix, produced by GlaxoSmithKline, has been linked to narcolepsy in Nordic children.
Oct 12 BMJ abstract
Resistant hospital infections in Europe cost $85 million, 8,000 lives
Hospital-acquired bloodstream infections (BSIs) caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and third-generation cephalosporin-resistant E coli in Europe each year cause more than 8,000 deaths and 375,000 extra hospitalization days, according to a study in Public Library of Sciences (PLoS) Medicine. Researchers looked at 2007 data from 1,293 hospitals in 31 countries that participated in the European Antimicrobial Resistance Surveillance System. They estimated that 5,303 excess deaths were associated with MRSA-related BSIs, compared with 2,712 attributed to drug-resistant E coli. MRSA contributed to 255,683 extra bed-days, compared with 120,065 for drug-resistant E coli. They estimated the two pathogens increased annual medical costs by 62 million Euros (US $85.6 million), including 44 million Euros for MRSA and 18 million Euros for drug-resistant E coli. Trend analyses showed a possible 97,000 drug-resistant BSIs and 17,000 deaths in 2015. The authors conclude, "Forecasts about changes in the coming years are disturbing; despite anticipated gains in the control of MRSA, the persistently increasing number of infections caused by third-generation cephalosporin-resistant Gram-negative pathogens is likely to outweigh this achievement soon."
Oct 11 PLoS Med study
Oct 11 PLoS press release
WHO says global TB cases declining
The World Health Organization (WHO) says that new cases of tuberculosis (TB) declined last year for the first time and that TB death rates are the lowest in a decade. In a report yesterday, the UN agency said annual TB cases dropped to 8.8 million in 2010 after peaking at 9 million in 2005. Deaths fell to 1.4 million, after reaching 1.8 million in 2003. The report said annual deaths dropped 40% from 1990 to 2010, and all regions except Africa are on track to achieve a 50% decline by 2015. "This is major progress," said UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in a WHO press release. "But it is no cause for complacency. Too many millions still develop TB each year, and too many die. I urge serious and sustained support for TB prevention and care." WHO Director-General Dr Margaret Chan added, "In many countries, strong leadership and domestic financing, with robust donor support, has started to make a real difference in the fight against TB. The challenge now is to build on that commitment, to increase the global effort—and to pay particular attention to the growing threat of multidrug-resistant TB." The report says that treating multidrug-resistant TB remains one of the most underfunded areas.
Oct 11 WHO news release…on your first time to be used in the photography of an Academy Award recipient for Best Picture and Direction: Bay Area native Kathryn Bigelow’s The Hurt Locker. Let’s hear it for small-gauge filmmaking!! ¡Viva celluloide!More
Posts Tagged “Kathryn Bigelow”
Congratulations, 16mm!03.08.2010 | By
Filed under: Field Notes
Congratulations, San Francisco Art Institute!03.08.2010 | By
Filed under: Uncategorized
Common in many Italian restaurants, breadstick holders are often included in the table display to provide guests with trademark breadsticks during a meal. This Regent Series Breadstick Holder (258) comes to you from TableCraft and is a durable piece of equipment to have on hand for this very purpose. Constructed out of stainless steel with a polished finish, this model not only has a striking appearance that matches any restaurant décor but it is also extremely durable and will last through extensive use.Spike Lee
27,767pages on
this wiki
this wiki
Spike Lee (b. 1957) is the Academy Award-nominated director of such films as Do the Right Thing, Malcolm X, and Jungle Fever.
Lee appeared on Sesame Street in 2000 to direct "Summer of Snuffy," a spoof of his film Summer of Sam. In it, Snuffy is directed to act sad when Big Bird can't play cabbage volleyball with him at the beach. Unfortunately for Lee, Snuffy's personality won't break from his happy disposition. This leaves the director frustrated enough to strap on a snuffle and play the role himself.
References
- In Sesame Street Unpaved, it's pointed out that Big Bird shares his astrological sign, Pisces, with Spike Lee ("go figure").
- Miles lists Lee as one of his African American heroes in a poem he reads in a season 28 episode of Sesame Street.This quiz consists of 5 multiple choice and 5 short answer questions through Part 1, Chapter 3.
Multiple Choice Questions
1. Whose funeral are they attending?
(a) Their granddaughter's.
(b) Serena's husband.
(c) Their son's.
(d) Their firend from out of town.
2. Who does Maggie begin talking to?
(a) An attractive man.
(b) The hostess.
(c) The hotel owner.
(d) A waitress.
3. Where is the couple traveling to in the first section of the book?
(a) Pennsylvania.
(b) California.
(c) Chicago.
(d) New York.
4. Who does Maggie hear on the radio?
(a) A discussion on talk radio.
(b) An annoying commercial .
(c) A song she loves.
(d) Her ex-daughter-in-law, Fiona.
5. How does Maggie feel about her ex-classmates?
(a) Excitment to see them.
(b) Sadness.
(c) Jealousy about their lives.
(d) Impatience and disbelief.
Short Answer Questions
1. What does Maggie revisit in her memories?
2. Why is Maggie so upset?
3. What makes Maggie so mad?
4. What is Ira unnerved by?
5. What does Maggie think of the request?Pasadena City Hall is closed on Friday, Nov. 30, including the City Clerk's Office. The City Clerk’s Office will not be able to accept or issue nomination papers on Friday. Nov. 30 for either the City Council or Board of Education elections. Interested candidates may schedule an appointment with the City Clerk's Office for Monday, Dec. 3 and through the remainder of the nomination period by calling (626) 744-4124.
For candidates, the official nomination period opened Nov. 13 and closes Dec. 7, 2012 for both the City and PUSD elections. Go online to for election information or call the City Clerk’s Office. The City’s web page will be regularly updated as candidates file nomination papers and if local measures are added to the ballot. The Primary Election for these positions is set for March 5, 2013. Polls for both elections will be open from 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. March 5, 2013
Pasadena’s eligible voters will be able to participate next year in electing local representatives for Pasadena’s City Council Districts 3, 5 and 7 and for PUSD Board of Education members representing the newly formed District Seats 1, 3, 5 and 7. Candidates for both City Council and PUSD will be vying for four-year terms each. at (626) 744-4124 to help your community with the upcoming elections by signing up today as a poll worker or to host a polling site!
###(AP) -- Telecom companies and trade groups are urging India to soften tough new security regulations on foreign telecommunications companies - believed to be aimed at China - which they say could set a troubling global precedent for onerous security norms.
India's telecom infrastructure is being built almost entirely by foreign companies. That has raised concerns that the nation's vast mobile phone network - by far the most comprehensive communication system in a country with relatively few landlines - could be vulnerable to foreign infiltration, particularly from China.
At stake are billions worth of contracts for companies like IBM, Cisco, Ericsson, Nokia, Huawei Technologies and ZTE Corp. in the world's fastest growing mobile market.
Under guidelines proposed last week, foreign equipment makers must allow regular security inspections and make their network design and source code - proprietary information used to run a network - available to the Indian government. Companies would also be subject to large penalties and blacklisting for security breaches, and would have two years to replace foreign engineers with local hires.
On July 27, 11 U.S. trade groups appealed to Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton to get the Indian government to suspend implementation of the new rules.
"Not only do India's new telecommunications security requirements raise potential WTO compliance concerns, if they remain unchallenged, other governments may use them to justify their own elaborate information security regimes," they wrote in a letter obtained by the Associated Press. "India's approach is establishing a dangerous precedent."
The next day, 20 groups from the U.S., Europe and Japan fired off a letter to India's home, technology and commerce ministers, calling the proposals "a nonstarter."
India began the crackdown in December, by requiring companies to get a government security clearance on telecom equipment orders. Since then, billions worth of procurement orders - industry estimates range from $1 billion to $5 billion - have languished awaiting security clearance.
China's Huawei and ZTE have a backlog worth an estimated $750 million.
Nokia Siemens Networks said second quarter sales fell 5 percent, to euros 3 billion ($2.2 billion), mostly because of sales blocked by India's security issues. Ericsson's quarterly India sales plunged 63 percent for largely the same reason.
Analysts and executives say India's security concerns are not unreasonable but that the measures go beyond international norms.
The U.S., Japan and Europe struggled to establish effective information security rules in the 1980s and 1990s. Rather than limiting data encryption or requiring automatic disclosure of proprietary information, most countries require disclosure only in exceptional circumstances.
"We deeply respect and support the steps taken to beef up security," said Ericsson India vice president P. Balaji. "However we feel that some of the clauses are unprecedented. We request a dialogue to ensure that the security concerns can be balanced with good international practices."
Telecom department spokesman Satyendra Prakash said telecom devices have been misused in the past, and India's response to security problems is in line with what other countries are doing. The government wants to prevent spyware and malware and has built in safeguards so source code would only be accessed if there is a security breach, he said. He declined to comment on the letters. Officials at the home ministry did not return calls seeking comment.
The crackdown comes as China gains strength in India's telecom equipment market and grabs business from Western companies like Nokia that have turned to India to make up for flagging growth in the developed world.
Chinese executives say China's telecom exports to India are about $3 billion annually, making them a significant chunk of India's estimated $21.4 billion trade deficit with China last fiscal year.
That imbalance is a concern in New Delhi, which last year imposed antidumping duties on several companies, including Huawei and ZTE.
Some feel the trade gap and historical animosity - India and China went to war in 1962 and still tussle over their border - also lurk behind the tough new security norms.
None of the Department of Telecommunications' official circulars single out Chinese companies for special sanction, but executives say security rules seem to be applied differently.
Some orders for equipment from Western companies got security clearance, while orders from Chinese companies did not, four executives said on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the topic.
The Department of Telecommunications has also told telecom operators that certain companies - including Huawei, ZTE and Lenovo - have not been given security clearance to sell telecom equipment, according to a person who has seen one such letter. The person spoke anonymously for fear of undermining business relationships.
"Under the garb of security, they want to challenge the importing being done by Huawei, for example," said Sandeep Ladda, an executive director at PricewaterhouseCoopers.
Whatever the intent may be, the new rules will apply to everyone. Companies worry they could face huge liabilities for security problems outside their control and lose control of proprietary information at the core of their business.
In the event of a security breach, operators would face a penalty of 500 million rupees ($10.8 million) plus 100 percent of the value of the contract - which often totals several hundred million dollars - while equipment vendors could be blacklisted.
No other country imposes penalties of that size, and it's rare to punish operators for security breaches, whose provenance can be hard to trace, said Rajan Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India, a lobby group.
"We are uncomfortable but we don't know if we have any leeway because the government has taken a hard stand," he said.
Explore further:
Connected cars, data traffic jams, to challenge mobile operators
rgwalther
Remember Mao the Monster!It seems that it's "GAME ON" with some of the more savvy motor racing hacks out there in Car Racing land. Three of the top racing journos are putting references to, or lyrics of, our fearless leader's work into their musings.
I have only found this one as of yet but I am told there are more and they are likely to grow rapidly.
April 7: Take off from Kuala Lumpur at 2am, start listening to Joni Mitchell's Hissing of Summer Lawns and remember nothing beyond track four, Don't Interrupt the Sorrow. Two races down, 15 to go.
Diary from March 31 to April 7
Thanks, Jon!
(Contributed by Jon Pollak)
Browse Cultural ReferencesWe really enjoyed the Blacknight SME Awards last weekend down in Cork. But as headline sponsor we need to make sure that we get “bang for our buck” (we did by the way!) so I thought we’d go digging into the “social” statistics a little bit. Bear in mind that this is not going to […]
Frontier Communications (NYSE: FTR ) has been a darling of dividend fans, and it's not hard to see why, with its yield close to 15%. Yet, year to date, the share price has fallen around 50%. You can see the price-to-yield correlation quite clearly from the chart below:
But the story of Frontier's 2011 stock price decline began in 2010. That's when the company tripled in size by buying some of Verizon's (NYSE: VZ ) unwanted fixed-line business: 4.8 million rural phone lines in 14 states. The price: $8.5 billion.
So this year, Frontier's big job has been to incorporate those new customers into the fold, customers whose previous owner felt just weren't profitable enough to keep. As Frontier CEO Maggie Wilderotter said last year, "Verizon has not been doing much in those markets...What we care about is keeping the customer...and making sure the customer is happy."
But subsequent Frontier actions put that statement in doubt.
You say FiOS...
Even as the lawyers for Frontier and Verizon were hammering out the final version of the deal in June of last year, Frontier was pledging that it would continue to support the FiOS customers it was getting from Verizon. A page on the company's website even declared that the only change those customers would see is a "more focused local management approach for all your services."
However, this past January, Frontier announced to its new customers living in Indiana, Oregon, and Washington state that it would be raising FiOS prices there by at least 46%. This price-jacking came about in spite of having a competitor, Comcast (Nasdaq: CMCSA ) , offering much cheaper rates. Why would Frontier do this? To wean those customers away from FiOS and over to satellite service supplier DIRECTV (Nasdaq: DTV ) , apparently, which is what Frontier offered as a FiOS replacement.
As if that did not make it clear enough to consumers that Frontier did not want to be in the fiber-optic data and video delivery business, last March it raised the cost of installing FiOS for its Oregon residents from $79 to $500.
I say satellite
To continue with this theme, Frontier renewed its association with Dish Network (Nasdaq: DISH ) to provide bundled satellite video service in Frontier's 27-state territory.
Some might see switching from fiber-to-the-home to satellite-dish-on-the-roof as a step in the wrong direction. But CEO Wilderotter, during the second quarter earnings conference call, said that using a "wireless modem, [with Dish's IP-based set-top box, we] can do IP video to the TV set."
If the suit fits...
In October, Frontier found itself in some hot water as a federal class-action lawsuit accused the carrier of illegally collecting an "HSI surcharge." The suit argues that the company told its customers that this fee was required by the government, but, the suit claims, "It is merely a junk fee that Frontier imposes on customers...and is nothing other than an effort by Frontier to increase prices above advertising [sic] prices."
It's not personal, it's just business
While it seems that Frontier has been pulling away from its residential customers, it has been increasing its profile in the business arena. The company has expanded its Ethernet coverage to medium-sized and large business users in 55 markets. Wilderotter told the Goldman Sachs Communacopia Conference in October that the business segment provides "51 percent of our revenue and a big upside for revenue is in commercial services."
Don't fight 'em, join 'em
The future in telecom is clearly broadband wireless coverage. Just look at the explosion in smartphone sales to confirm that. So how can a wireline carrier get into the wireless business? By making a reselling deal with a wireless carrier. In Frontier's case, it was an agreement it made in November with AT&T (NYSE: T ) . This was a necessary move for the company because it isn't the first wireline company to go that route. CenturyLink (Nasdaq: CTL ) has also become a wireless reseller in a deal made with Verizon.
Another lump of coal in the customers' stockings
It looks like Frontier has borrowed a page from the original Ma Bell, which required its customers to rent their phones from it. According to website Broadband DSL Reports, Frontier will now only let subscribers rent their DSL modems from Frontier. The fees range from $7/month to $15/month.
Jumping ship
Desertions have had their impact on the company's top line. Revenues have dropped 8% year over year, and quarter three was the third straight showing an increasing rate of revenue decline. Things could have been worse, however, if it weren't for strong cost cutting. This raises important questions. How far can costs be cut before service is degraded? How much can the company hike prices and nickel-and-dime consumers with added fees before they become fed up? And how close can Frontier shave its free cash flow before it draws blood from its all-important dividend?
If that dividend becomes sullied, even Frontier's move to the Nasdaq tomorrow couldn't hide it from disappointed investors.
Next year will be a big one for the telecom industry. Don't get left behind; click here to learn about cloud computing in the Fool's..
Posted by Rugbydump at 4:39 pm | View Comments (66)
Related Posts
Posted in Big Hits & Dirty Play
Viewing 66 comments
RedYeti February 16, 2011 4:54 pm
mat February 16, 2011 4:56 pm
Moody is god February 16, 2011 5:02 pm
geordie February 16, 2011 5:09 pm
you could say that about every video on rugby dump 'guy scores a try world goes mad' stop being a negative t**t and admire a brilliant tackle regardless of who did it, bet if it was one of your countrymen (probs bok or NZ) you would get sexually turned on by it!
Francois February 16, 2011 5:12 pm
Sander February 16, 2011 5:14 pm
To make that kind of tackle, with that kind of score and time on the clock says everything about Wilkinson you need to know. Legend.
(Not to say that others wouldn't try to make that tackle, but hey ...)
Sander February 16, 2011 5:19 pm
Apart from the "hurting yourself in the proces" part, maybe ;)
Ludo February 16, 2011 5:19 pm
Anonymous February 16, 2011 5:20 pm
Lucius February 16, 2011 5:29 pm
Dan February 16, 2011 5:29 pm
Anonymous February 16, 2011 5:31 pm
Colombes February 16, 2011 5:36 pm
no he isn't actually the best fly half of the world. he certainly was in 2003.
but it's always a joy to see him play and tackle with such commitment. watchin him in the top14, i've discovered an exemplar player and person, and he still have his left foot;)
Martin Johnson February 16, 2011 5:58 pm
Ted February 16, 2011 6:00 pm
Guy February 16, 2011 6:20 pm
But than again, when you see tackles likes this: man, what a player! And it's certainly not the only one he made last two weeks.
@Ted: I would start Wilko over Hape and leave Tindall in place. Have not been really impressed by Hape last few matches.
Jonno February 16, 2011 6:28 pm
(u-p)rick February 16, 2011 6:30 pm
Anonymous February 16, 2011 6:31 pm
What he is the best in the world at is being number 21. There's no one else I'd rather have come on and close out a tight one.
Benson February 16, 2011 6:39 pm
Moving on as we're now going down that road (coming from a Bok fan)
Great tackle. Not only try saving but some big contact too, with two minutes left on the clock when your side has scored 50 points. Pure class.
John Birch February 16, 2011 6:44 pm
Martin Johnson February 16, 2011 8:10 pm
Yeah, because Toby Flood is such a one-of-a-kind flyhalf.
Wilkinson could start. I don't necessarily blame Johnson for not starting him, though. But what does irritate me is the fact that he gets such little playing time. Why not bring him on with more than 5 minutes left in the clock...I'd say that if Flood isn't having an exceptional game, what's the harm at switching them with 20, 30, or even half the game left?
Anonymous February 16, 2011 8:29 pm
Jonno February 16, 2011 8:48 pm
An embarrassment!
Phil February 16, 2011 9:03 pm
Great player, great tackle, great vid, thanks RD. I don't see why people are getting upset about it!
(u-p)rick February 16, 2011 9:04 pm
Anonymous February 16, 2011 9:32 pm
Anonymous February 16, 2011 9:45 pm
Anonymous February 16, 2011 9:49 pm
Do you know anything about rugby or just come on here to talk rubbish, wilko wouldn't make the starting line. Melbourne has Danny Cipriani, third choice England fly half at best.
Seems there are two groups of people watching this, those who know something and regardless of being english, nz, boks respect a good hit for what it is.
then the other which should just go watch football or something that suits there IQ levels
Nam February 16, 2011 9:52 pm
matt February 16, 2011 9:57 pm
King February 16, 2011 10:33 pm
Wonderful tackle from Jonny. Absolutely nailed him! So good to watch.
Anonymous February 16, 2011 10:54 pm
Anonymous February 16, 2011 11:17 pm
Great morale booster if you are playing and you see someone making a tackle like that 2 mins from the end with the game clearly won.
Benson February 16, 2011 11:22 pm
@ Jonno, not technical, that's what it's called officially. It just shows how disconnected you are from what's really going on.
The only embarrassed one should be you, who seems to think that Wilkinson wouldn't make teams like the Lions, Cheetahs, Highlanders, Rebels, etc. In fact he'd walk into most Super Rugby teams, and I'm sure the Crusaders would even pick him ahead of Colin Slade, as DC's backup.
This is a global rugby website for open minded rugby fans from all walks of life. If you can't handle that, maybe go somewhere else?
Anonymous February 16, 2011 11:25 pm
Anonymous February 16, 2011 11:33 pm
Anonymous February 16, 2011 11:50 pm
(u-p)rick February 17, 2011 12:37 am
P.s people trying to use my nickname, at least use decent spelling and grammar. You may like to troll my nickname, but it's could be found to be quite obvious if you are a retard who cannot construct a sentence...
P.p.s if there is any spelling/grammatical errors here I'm blaming it in predictive text....
Tom February 17, 2011 1:07 am
Jono February 17, 2011 1:08 am
I'm a Jono, but one of at least three.
no9 February 17, 2011 1:19 am
the real try saving tackle of the tournament so far came from richie Gray against france.
Anonymous February 17, 2011 2:30 am
Well Flood's been exceptional so far in the 6N so he can bloody well stay on for the whole match for all I care about 'giving Wilkinson more time'.
We should all agree that JW is a special player and has given a tremendous amount to English rugby.
Back in 1999-2003 he had what it took to be a truly world class 10, and he certainly had the players around him to help.
Now, the game's moved on and England's pack isn't so dominant. And when he hasn't got the greatest forward pack the game's ever seen grinding him out tired defences, quick ball and kicking oppurtunities, and hasn't got Will Greenwood standing outside him telling him what to do, then he looks a little limited.
On the other and (in 2011), Flood takes the ball flatter and wider, has more pace and a better eye for gaps, has a superior game kicking out of hand and holds his own defensively and off the tee.... no brainer.
Tom February 17, 2011 2:31 am
That's a big call.
AB13 February 17, 2011 3:22 am
Anonymous February 17, 2011 3:47 am
Chris_J February 17, 2011 4:41 am
Xavier February 17, 2011 8:45 am
Not many sides (national or club) in the world wouldn't like to have him. And even though he seems to truly shine when he has a pack like England's in 2003 (I'd love to see, in some fantasy dreamworld, a game with SA's 2009 pack, with FdP at scrummie and 2003 Wilko at flyhalf), he has a dangerous boot, a mean tackle and above all, he keeps his composure and his head cool, thus avoidind some costly mistakes (yes, I'm thinking of you, mister Ronan "I can't make a tackle to save my life and I sometimes have some stupid 2009 Lions-like brain farts" O'Gara).
My two cents
Rob February 17, 2011 8:46 am
Also, I was at the game and the roar that went up from the crowd when he came on was absolutely huge. Flood is playing superbly at the mo but as a morale boosting talisman you can't beat Johnny. I'd keep him on the bench and bring him on for the last twenty or so.
Flipje February 17, 2011 9:44 am
I really would like to see Wilko at 12 on international level. He showed at Toulon (for instance vs Musnter in the Hcup) an interesting level even if Hcup/Top14 is something else than playing vs the SH teams.
On the recent games, Flood has been playing very well, also it seems to me that his switch to Leiscester has been very positive, and you see his complementarity with Ben Youngs. Sound difficult for Wilko to get back in starting line up in front of Flood....
As for Wilko as n#12, he does bring the same characteristic than Tindall, but most importantly I believed MJ will not risk him because he remains a fantastic "second" choice at 10, in case of injury or misform from Flood.
Still he can bring some very interesting option as 10 and may be at 12. In a certain way, if MJ is clever he could use/misuse Wilko in the same way Clive Woordward did with Mike Catt....during the 2003 WC.
Daaaaave February 17, 2011 10:41 am
I've lost count of the amount of times you catch Drico or Wilko getting a bit of Wendyball 'magic sponge' action after a tackle, while milking the crowd's attention. Only to see them get back up and 'shake it off' to carry on playing.
Boys, if you're actually injured and can't give 100%, then get off the park and let someone on who can. If you're not injured, stop writhing about like some sort of tasered seal...
King February 17, 2011 11:01 am
Anonymous February 17, 2011 11:09 am
Anonymous February 17, 2011 12:01 pm
I guess we can't all be like DAVE and get up straight away . . . .
oh the envy of not being him
Resident Troll February 17, 2011 1:09 pm
before being winded: 100%
10 seconds after being winded: 40%
20 seconds after being winded: 100%
Seems pretty reasonable for wilko to continue to me....
Same applies with a dead leg etc... And same applies to drico....
Maybe dave isn't hard at all, maybe he goes off after first point of contact because he can't play 100% straight after it....
Why the f*ck do you think we ache on a sunday? Because we gave 100% when our bodies couldn't take 100%!!!
Anonymous February 17, 2011 5:20 pm
A good read and standard textbook tackle. Nothing other wordly, the beauty of physics.
vinniechan February 17, 2011 5:53 pm
Just that in the past any attempt to shift him from 10 to 12 had all been very poorly managed. (giving 20 minute of game time b4 putting him up against the best in the world - Aaron Mauger - while he was freshly bk from injury in the 2005 BIL was huge mistake)
Jimbo1 February 17, 2011 9:43 pm
Clip should be used a demonstration of good technique in the tackle (unusual for wilko :)
Nickoo February 18, 2011 2:11 am
Brilliant tackle by Wilko, fly-half with heart!
Anonymous February 18, 2011 8:30 am
Daaaaave February 18, 2011 12:46 pm
Resident Troll February 18, 2011 1:40 pm
I recall seeing many an international player, have a quick hobble to shake off a dead leg, or a quick stretch to ward off that bit of cramp after a run/tackle.
I mean do you rush yourself off to hospital and lay bed ridden for weeks at a time if you stub your toe at home?
I know I dont, i hope and yell 'sh*t f*ck b*llocks tw*t' hobble hobble hobble. 'well now thats over with, where was I.'
What is the video at the very top of the RD page, second in from the left. 'Stirling Mortlock's low blow'
Last time I checked the video wasnt actually working, but assuming you've seen it, I think you can allow players to have a few seconds saving grace to recover from certain painful incidents!
Anonymous February 19, 2011 10:24 pm
Welshnumber7 March 15, 2011 5:22 pm
J.P. March 17, 2011 11:59 pm
Many of you just need to get off Wilko's nut sack!
Commenting as Guest | Register or LoginAAC Announces Post- Season Honors
The Appalachian Athletic Conference announced post- season honors earlier this week with several Rams athletes on the list for men's soccer, women's soccer, and volleyball.
November 15, 2010
Bluefield, VA—The Appalachian Athletic Conference announced post- season honors earlier this week with several Rams athletes on the list for men's soccer, women's soccer, and volleyball.
Heading the men's soccer team list was Nago Mbengue who was named to the All- Conference 1st Team. Mbengue scored 6 goals for the Rams this season. Mbengue, a junior, from Indianapolis, Indiana also had twenty shots on goal. Jake Summer made the All- Conference 2nd Team. Summer is a freshman from Richmond, Virginia. During Summer's first collegiate year playing soccer he is the leading scorer on the Rams team. Summer had 19 points for the Rams; averaging nine goals and one assist on the season.
Timmy Michaels was named to the All- Conference 3rd Team. Michaels a junior from Rockledge, Florida had five goals this season for the Rams and had eleven shots on goal. Sharing All- Academic Team honors was Jeff Field, a senior from Fort Collins, Colorado; and Joey Waltz, a junior from Staunton, Virginia. Field played goalie for the Rams, having 93 saves and allowing 51 goals in the sixteen games he played this season. Waltz, who played defender and midfielder for the Rams, had one goal and one assist on the team.
The women's soccer team like the men's team had two players named to the AAC list for women's soccer. Jackie Gonzalez, a sophomore from Los Angeles, California was named to the AAC Women's Second Team for her work as a goal keeper for the Lady Rams. Gonzalez played in thirteen games for the Lady Rams, allowing 25 goals and recording 98 saves during her sophomore season.
Also named was Julie Percy. Percy was named to the AAC Women's Third Team, Percy a junior from Norwich, Ontario, Canada played as a mid-fielder and defender for the Lady Rams. Percy had one assist for the Lady Rams.
The Lady Rams Volleyball Team had one player named to post- season honors, Takashi Franklin. Franklin a senior from Aiken, South Carolina was named to the AAC Second Team. Franklin had 285 kills, 12 assists, and 74 digs this season for the Lady Rams. Franklin led the team in kills.
The Lady Rams also had four players named to the AAC All- Academic Team. Yeda Duarte, a junior from Brazil led the team in kills with 644 this season. Angela Highlander, a sophomore from Hampton, Virginia had 168 kills for the Lady Rams. Ashley Strickland, a junior from Carroll County, Virginia who had six service aces and 218 digs for the Lady Rams. Alyssa Weddle, a senior from Carroll County, Virginia had 240 kills and 25 service aces. Weddle led the team in service aces this season.« Switzerland Proposes Crackdown on Particulate Matter | Main | Valence Expands Lithium-Ion Lineup »
Ford NA Auto Ops Decline $3B from 2004 to Loss of $1.6B
23 January 2006
Ford Motor released its financials for 2005 today, reporting company-wide full-year after-tax income from continuing operations of $2.5 billion, a drop of 42% from the $4.3 billion in 2004.
Its North American auto operations was the most troubled unit, reporting a pre-tax loss of $1.6 billion for the year, a decline of $3 billion from 2004. Ford attributed the sharp drop and resulting loss to unfavorable cost performance, lower U.S. market share, lower dealer inventories and adverse exchange.
The North American auto group’s performance had improved in the fourth quarter relative to 2004, with a pre-tax loss of $143 million, compared to a pre-tax loss of $470 million in 2004. For the year, North America’s sales totaled $81.4 billion, compared with $83 billion a year earlier.
Financial Services remains the big money maker for the company. Financial Services Sector results include The Hertz Corporation through Dec. 21, 2005, the date on which it was sold.
For the full year, excluding special items, Ford's Financial Services sector reported a pre-tax profit of $4.4 billion, compared with a pre-tax profit of $5 billion last year. For the fourth quarter, excluding special items, the Financial Services Sector earned a pre-tax profit of $881 million, compared with pre-tax profits of $1 billion a year ago.
Ford today is releasing its 2006 Business Review, which will include details of the North America “Way Forward” restructuring plan.
January 23, 2006 in Sales, Vehicle Manufacturers | Permalink | Comments (2) | TrackBack (0)
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry:
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Ford NA Auto Ops Decline $3B from 2004 to Loss of $1.6 production losses are combined with credit profits it looks like the auto companies are doing pretty good.
Posted by: tom deplume | January 23, 2006 at 08:35 AM
Fact is old plants only last so long and america is not the place you make things anymore. They are schedualed to close alot of plants here. and are opening plants in china fast...
Posted by: wintermane | January 23, 2006 at 02:15 PMSelf Management Assessment and Resource Tool (S.M.A.R.T.)
S.M.A.R.T.
EPA National Community Recognition Program - Question 4
Background
To reach your goals of increasing physical activity among older adults, it is necessary to know where you are starting from. A community assessment helps to identify the status of physical activity involvement among the older adult population and to lay the foundation for developing strategies for reaching your goals. This assessment will also be useful when evaluating the success of various efforts. Numerous measures could be used to access this information:
- The number and types of physical activity programs available for older adults
- Inventory of participation rates among older adults in fitness and recreation centers, health clubs and other facilities and services that promote physical activity, such as worksite programs.
- Health status indicators, such as morbidity and mortality data and health status data
- Resource inventories: human, organizational, institutional, material
- Inventory of outdoor resources: parks, recreation centers, walking/biking trails, etc.
- Environmental surveys outlining pedestrian walkability
Getting Started
Ideally, your group will gather baseline information before taking any action steps. Make specific plans for who will gather what information from whom, and in what time-frame, before starting the analysis.
Internet Resources on Community Assessments
Minnesota Department of Health Community Health Promotion Guide
Community Assessment
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services
Healthy People in Healthy Communities: A Community Planning Guide Using Healthy People 2010 (44 pp, 1.17MB)
New York State Department of Health
Ten Steps in Community Health Assessment Development Process
University of Kansas Community Toolbox
Community Assessment
National Association of County & City Health Officials
MAPP Field Guide: A Strategic Approach to Community Health Improvement
(24 pp, 1.23MB, About PDF)
Walkable America’s Walkability Checklist
(4 pp, 196K, About PDF).
And the rest of Rocket in the Pocket demonstrates equal confidence, though after the lyrical, impressionism à la Bill E vans feel of “A Sketch in Dark Colours” you don’t expect the dirty Fender Rhodes distortion effect Boris employs in his solo on “Suicide Train.” Or Philipp’s lead bass part on “Tekla,” with Boris’ haunting backdrop of a voicing. Or the free-time episode at the center of “Plan B,” followed by chordal figurations reminiscent of a Herbie Nichols composition. But you accept it all, since these three clearly know what they’re doing, and it’s exciting.
Those are two reasons why the Hammer Klavier Trio has made many a strong impression and won an ever-broadening fan base since forming at the Hamburg University of Music and Theater in 2002, where its members first met at a concert of the Joe Lovano-Bill Frisell-Paul Motian trio. The genuine originality of St. Petersburg-born Netsvetaev’s compositions and arrangements, and the sensitive flexibility by which Steen and Bussenius make the music their own are two more. The intriguing drama and engaging playfulness heard throughout this album, though, are the main things. No other explanation is necessary to enjoy this music than hearing “Rocket in the Pocket,” the album’s title track. It shows off what HKT weaves together and how. A backbeat as funky as any in-crowd needs, a motor goosing Boris’ elegantly precise and unerringly decisive piano line, Steen and Bussenius synchronizing their parts into an irresistible rhythm. Happy surprise! You can dance to)? Various flowers and plants in their natural habitat.
I think you have captured some beautiful moments here in nature. I love that you shot these all with a point-and-shoot camera -- that so much shows that it is not the camera that takes great shots. You have done a nice job of getting down and close to your subjects and really shown them off in your compositions. One thing to watch is what is happening along the edges of your background. This is especially evident with the photo of the pickerlweed (purplish flowers by water). The flowers overlap into the reflection of the trees at the top of the frame. That creates an uncomfortable compositional overlap that visually connects the background and foreground in a way that should not be connected.
ElsewhereEquipNet is the world's leading provider of used food equipment and various other used equipment. Our exclusive contracts with our clients yield a wide range of used food equipment including multiformers, sausage fillers, portion cutters, encrusting machines, spinning machines, and many more. We are constantly receiving used food equipment from a number of respected OEMs including Rheon, Bruton, Leblanc, Unifoods, Townsend, Orics Industries, Fritsch, Erka, Trief, Food Tools, Formaco Reiser, and many more. If you do not see the used food equipment you are looking for, call one of our representatives and we will find it for you. We can also source the right tooling and change parts that you need through our huge network of corporate clients from around the globe.This upcoming theme pays homage to the Enchanted Theme with a fairy sheep, magic wands and a tower that looks ripped straight from the pages of Rapunzel. However, the theme looks as if it will take on somewhat of a down-to-earth approach as well with a flowerbed truck a simple-looking acorn. More importantly, this new theme will be rung in with at least three new Goals, according to Goal icons that feature lots of pretty flowers and butterflies.
[Source and Image Credit: FarmVille Feed]
Are you excited at all at the thought of another fairy tale-esque theme coming to FarmVille? Which of these new items is most exciting, and where do you think these new Goals will take us? Sound off in the comments. Add Comment.13564 Rankings
437 Favourites
401 Photos
17 Following
35 Followers
-?
- I sing act and paint .and I love cosplaying and create too
- if
- NEXT)
-:
-Har."
Harrington has a two-inch scar after the operation but he said that the skin is now "healing nicely".
"I'd keep catching it with my hat and if I rubbed it off with a sweater it would bleed and seep a bit. It was just something that needed to be dealt with."magicsteacherSep 4 2009, 08:52 AMOne of the reasons that I read about for why they have and are changing Sami's character was that this Sami fits much better with AS's Biggest Loser image-- that of a kind, caring, and considerate person. The old Sami didn't portray that image. I read this about 6 months ago. Whether this is the real reason, who knows. But it does make sense.Hell Hath No Fury Like A Woman Inadvertantly Causing Natural Disasters.
Granted the idea is not entirely new. I recently discovered that the ancient Greeks used to try to ward of storms by having women expose their vaginas*. And if people still did this today I would totally be a meteorologist**.
I’m not exactly sure why the Greeks thought this would work. Perhaps storms are gay, and thus repelled of the female crotch. Of course, storms were frequently under the control of Poseiden, who was rather distinctly not fearful of that particular region. I mean, he practically has “pussy” in his name. Maybe he was supposed to get so excited that the weather front would blow itself out early***. Or perhaps the idea is that by exposing themselves the women would calm him down enough to get the storm canceled. I know I have trouble staying angry when I am viewing the old “weather control station” myself.
But going back to the original subject some guy in the Middle East thinks that earthquakes are caused by women who dress like harlots, and not because his country was built on a fault line.
Jen McCreight, the author of Blag Hag has suggested a brilliant experiment called Boobquake****. She proposes that all women wear their most revealing clothing on April 26th, to see if they can cause an earthquake in Iran. I can only encourage participation in what will probably be known as “The most awesome scientific research of 2010″.
Plus if Tehran does get leveled by an earthquake it will be freaking hilarious.
*I also learned that in Guam it is forbidden for a female virgin to marry. And there are men who have the job of traveling around and prepping women for marriage. On a totally unrelated note, I am moving to Guam to pursue a career as a wedding planner.
**Side note: How do you think it would have gone down during Katrina if people in New Orleans had heard of this idea? I tell you one thing, the news coverage would have been a lot more comprehensive.
***Premature precipitation?
**** Also, this sounds like the best video game mod, ever.
April 25th, 2010 at 8:04 am
Fucking stupid jackass.
I’ll cause some earthquakes. In his balls. With my foot.
He’s probably never gotten laid, has he? He wouldn’t be this bitter about boobs if he had. And yes, it would be hilarious if an earthquake destroyed Tehran on Boob Day.
Considering the promiscuity of the Greek gods, that storm-prevention plan actually makes sense. I worry about you though, Skippy…I can see Mrs. Skippy threatening some tender bits with a large knife if she figured out your new job duties.
Reply
StoneWolf reply on April 25th, 2010 8:13 am:
Hmm, I think April 26 should be a National Holiday, regardless of how Tehran fairs. I usually don’t like holidays, but I wouldn’t mind a National Boob Day.
Reply
Catherine reply on April 25th, 2010 9:44 pm:
All in favor of April 26th becoming National Boob Day? (Indecent exposure rules are revoked during this period. Shirts become strictly optional. I wouldn’t do it , but you know SOME women will play along. I predict that male patriotism would be exceptionally high during this holiday.)
Reply
Raven Prometheus reply on April 26th, 2010 10:09 am:
AYE! Wholeheartedly, I’ll throw my vote in there. Just in case you didn’t hear me: AYE!!!!!!!
Captcha: The hemming. That and the rest of the clothes will be gone on National Boob Day….
Adam reply on April 27th, 2010 6:35 pm:
Official Boobquake… Just thought you should know.
Captcha: “rwandan had”… the earthquake was in Rwanda? Why didn’t we hear about this?
Reply
Lyryal reply on April 25th, 2010 8:35 am:
Nah, “Mrs. Skippy” likes comedy, and Skippy is her favorite comedian.
I’ll wager she’s shaking her head & laughing, especially as she posted this link to her Facebook….
Reply
Janice reply on April 25th, 2010 8:55 am:
He does keep me entertained. Granted, I can bring the funny for him too. But more often than not, its totally by accident. Also, I usually know something is coming when he walks up to me giggling saying “ooh! ooh!”. Sometimes, Rule #87 still applies….
Reply
David B reply on March 9th, 2014 12:18 am:
Life with him is certainly interesting, isn’t it?
April 25th, 2010 at 8:11 am
“And thus I refute thee!” You realize, if nothing happens, its because God wasn’t quite offended enough, and if a quake does hit, its because God WAS offended enough, not because they were dumb enough to build on a major fault line. It would be like Vermonters bitching about blizzards, saying they were caused by the Gays or Canadians or somesuch bullshit.
By the way, I think the Greeks had a good idea. I have a rather difficult time being angry when confronted with a nice view of just one vagina or pair of boobs. It makes reasonable sense that a view of a whole village’s worth should be enough to temper the fury of a God. So perhaps if Tehran begins to feel a quake, all woman living in the city should strip and thereby derail Allah’s plans of destruction as blood drains from his primary brain and gets rerouted to the secondary.
Reply
April 25th, 2010 at 10:07 am
Lol I am always happy to do my part for science, and if you check out the fb page they have some really cool t-shirts with the profits going to the red cross
Reply
April 26th, 2010 at 6:13 am
Did the Greeks believe that it would work? Or by “work” do we mean “successfully persuaded the womenfolk bare their nether regions?” It’s not about convincing anybody that it’s TRUE per se, it’s just about persuading the some of the hotties that it’s socialy “okay.” That, and enough wine and you’ve got Girls gone Wild, ancient Greece.
Reply
April 26th, 2010 at 10:32 am
I, for one, am participating. If nothing happens, I can say, see? it’s a stupid thought pattern. If we get an awesome earthquake… well, then I get to strut around saying, “hey! be nice to me, or I shall unleash the power of my boobs!!!”
– BaschaW
Reply
Catherine reply on April 27th, 2010 10:55 am:
I wholeheartedly agree with this sentiment, and shall do the same.
Reply
April 26th, 2010 at 12:03 pm
My fiance just bought a new tube top. *In best Hulk Hogan voice* Iron Shiek!!!! Whatcha gonna do when my fiance’s 36 inch Melons come after you!!!
//walks out of thread to the tune of “Real American”
Reply
Catherine reply on April 27th, 2010 10:56 am:
“Bows.”
You, sir, are a true patriot.
Reply
April 26th, 2010 at 10:24 pm
Shake it, baby! … Not that much!
captcha: audible evildoer. spamfilter or a comment about the cleric?
Reply
May 1st, 2010 at 7:15 am
That cleric – ‘Mullah Imadiq’ – probably believes the Quran prohibits women from riding bikes and doing gymnastics as that could ‘rob’ them of their virginity too.
We need to rain bombs down upon Iran, but not ordinance; rather, pallet loads of Levis, Marlboros, CDs, Droid/Balckberry/whatever cell phones and a host of other consumer goods. Then ‘Mullah Imadiq’ could spout off all day to an empty room.
Reply
May 2nd, 2010 at 10:45 pm
Captcha: their willpower
nuff said
Reply
May 4th, 2010 at 5:54 pm
Here ya go, THE weapon to bring an end to the evil Iranian empire! A couple of shakes and a bounce or 2 and its earthquakes for days.
CAPTCHA = Willis learned…he did if he read this article!
Replylorelai
Recent Posts RSS Feed
-
-
19 Times Lorelai Gilmore Nailed This Whole Parenting Thing
“If you’re going to throw your life away, he’d better have a motorcycle.”
Kirsten King 2 weeks ago 224 responses
-
-
Are You More Lorelai Or Rory Gilmore?
“Will you be my Lorelai Gilmore?”
Ellie Bate 2 months ago 193 responses
-
-.
Kirsten King 4 months ago 267 responses
-
-
41 Questions You Have When Watching “Gilmore Girls” For The First Time
So do they eat burgers every day or…?
Diamond Coleman 6 months ago 173 responses
-
-
22 Ways Coffee Lovers Are Basically Lorelai From "Gilmore Girls"
Coffee-Coffee-Coffee.
Nora Cashell 7 months ago 229 7 months ago 627 9 months ago 517 responsesGLADSTONE - Boy Scout Troop 466 of Gladstone will be celebrating its 75th (Diamond) Anniversary along with the commemoration of its 100th Eagle Scout. The event will take place on Thursday, Dec 12, at the United Evangelical Covenant Church, 307 S. 9th St. A potluck dinner is scheduled for 6 p.m. with a brief program to follow.
According to Scoutmaster Jamie Siedlecki, a Scout-led presentation of colors will begin the program. Special guests will be the last three Scouts who earned their Eagle honors, including Nate Bellville, Ian McFarland, and Eric Marenger.
Reservations are required and can be obtained by email, on the Troop FB page, (.
com/GladstoneMichiganBoyScoutTroop466) or by calling past scoutmasters, Anders Nyberg at 428 4854 (e mail: acnyberg@charter.
net) or Al Salmi at 474 6563 (e mail: harleyriderone@gmail.com).
All Scouts and leaders who have ever been a part of Troop 466 are invited to attend.
600 Ludington St. , Escanaba, MI 49829 | 906-786-2021
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyRawlings Baltimore Orioles Full-Size Replica Batting Practice Helmet
$12.99
Product Information:
Look like your favorite Orioles players in the Rawlings® replica batting practice helmet. This full-size batting practice helmet is intended for fan use only, not for actual play. With a team logo on the front and additional number decals included, you can represent your favorite player at Oriole Park at Camden Yards. Show your team spirit all season long in the Rawlings® replica batting practice helmet.
FEATURES:
- Rawlings® Baltimore Orioles replica batting practice helmet
- Team-colored helmet with logo on front
- Includes number decals
- Not intended for actual play
- Officially licensed by MLB®
- Rawlings
Country of Origin: ImportedWeb ID: 19008786 IAB Affiliate Marketing Council for networking drinks on Thursday 4th September from 5:30pm at bar 1920, 19-20 Great Sutton Street, EC1V 0DR.
Thank you very much to the sponsors for this event:
Do you have questions about AMC September Social? Contact IAB UK
When & Where
1920 bar
19-20 Great Sutton St
EC1V 0DR City of London
United Kingdom
Thursday, 4 September 2014 from 17:30 to 23:30 (BST)
Add to my calendar
Share AMC September SocialShare TweetNutritionTweet
Nutrition is the science of food as it relates to health. Learning good nutrition habits can help you accomplish a wide variety of goals including: losing weight, burning fat and gaining muscle. The type and amount of food you eat has a huge bearing on your overall health. It is therefore crucial you learn to differentiate between healthy and unhealthy food choices.
How Much Food
The amount of food you eat compared to the amount of energy you burn determines whether you gain, lose or maintain weight. Your energy balance is the difference between how much you eat and burn. It is the only way to control your weight. Learning the calorie content of food is important because body weight has an important role in creating a healthy lifestyle.
Types of Food
The types of food that make up a diet can also have a huge impact on health. Some food ingredients such as saturated & trans fats, simple sugars and sodium can hurt the body while others such as fiber, antioxidants and vitamins can help. Creating a diet that is built around healthy foods can help decrease the risk of heart disease, type 2 diabetes and cancer.
The Bottom Line
Making smart food choices is not about depriving yourself. It is about eating healthy most of the time so you can enjoy unhealthy but delicious foods some of the time. This guide shows you how to live a healthy lifestyle by creating a well rounded diet.
How To's
How to Eat Healthy Your eating habits have a lot to do with your overall health. The types of food you eat can either prevent or speed up certain diseases. Eating healthy doesn't always mean counting your calories but it does mean being able to differentiate between good and bad choices.
Articles
Calories Calories are units of energy used to track food intake and exercise. Calories taken in from food is the body's source of fuel and provides it with the building blocks it needs to make new tissues and repair damaged ones. Calories can come from a wide variety of foods some healthy and others not.
Energy Balance Explained Energy.
Save on Groceries Grocery shopping is a ritual that everyone has to go through. Unfortunately, this ritual can sometimes get expensive and in a time when saving even the smallest amounts of money matters, grocery shopping offers an opportunity to save a lot.
Nutrition Nutrition is a very important concept to understand and not only for those looking to lose weight or go on a diet. Everyone that wants to be healthy needs to understand the difference between good and bad fats, between simple and complex carbs and between healthy and unhealthy foods. Good nutrition can help you live a healthier, more productive and fun filled life by giving you the energy you need to accomplish your goals.
What is Nutrixercise? Nutrixercise is an important concept to understand because nutrition and exercise should always be paired together to achieve the best results.
How to Read a Nutrition Label Properly reading a nutrition label is a basic skill that everyone who is interested in staying healthy needs to learn. Too often, food manufacturers market an item as healthy when in fact it's no different than the average unhealthy product on the shelf.
8 Steps to Improving Your Eating Habits It seems that the only people who try and eat healthy are those looking to lose weight, and even then, most of the time it's a temporary change. Regardless of your weight goals, having a healthy diet has countless benefits including feeling better, being more energetic and looking great.
Staying Healthy During a Recession Whether you think we're in a recession or going through a rough patch, you understand now more than ever the need to save money. Gas prices are at an all time high, food is following closely behind and health insurance is too expensive to buy if you don't get it from your employer. When times are tough, some luxuries such as gym memberships and healthy food seem unnecessary.
Supplement Safety In our society of quick fixes, we have supplements that solve every imaginable problem ranging from too much belly fat to improving memory and even stopping hair loss. Unfortunately, most claims made by supplements have no real science to back them up.
Misleading Food Labels Learning the benefits of eating health foods may convince you to start eating them. But what if the foods you start eating aren't any healthier than the ones you gave up? Misleading statements on food labels can lead to that..
Is it bad to eat the same thing every day? There.
Is counting calories important? Energy balance plays a central role in health because it alone determines body weight. Energy balance is described as the relationship between how many calories you consume and how many you burn. This important relationship has three possible outcomes: gaining, losing or maintaining weight. Because body weight and body fat percentage have an important role in preventing disease, it's important to monitor calorie intake and make the necessary adjustments to maintain and improve overall health.
What is a good food to eat before bed? Though most of the visible work needed for a fit body takes place at the gym, the real "magic" happens during rest. Exercise causes damage to muscle tissue (completely normal) which the body repairs during the recovery process. The recovery process is technically what makes you bigger, faster and stronger. This important process is dependent on an adequate amount of rest and nutrients. Because a large part of muscle repair happens during sleep, good nighttime nutrition is crucial for a speedy, effective and complete recovery.
What's the point of counting calories? Counting.
Is [insert food here] healthy? Is pizza healthy? Are hamburgers healthy? Are Oreos healthy? These are some of the most common nutrition questions around. The answer to the question, "Is [insert food here] healthy?" is more complicated than a simple yes or no. Typically, individual foods can't be classified as healthy or unhealthy by themselves. More important than figuring out whether a food item is healthy or not, is figuring out how it fits into an overall lifestyle. Foods can be relatively good or bad depending on an individual's life choices.
Should I take a multivitamin? With so many supplements on the market, it's difficult to differentiate between products that can help you improve your overall health and those that are simply a waste of money or even worse, potentially harmful. A multivitamin can be helpful if used properly.
Are all calories the same? Gaining weight, losing weight or simply maintaining weight requires that you control your calorie intake. Our body gets its energy from calories found within food. When you eat too much, you gain weight. When you restrict your intake, you lose weight. When it comes to weight balance, all calories are the same. When it comes to overall health, picking the right foods will lead to a healthier life.
How many calories should I eat each day?.
Do calorie calculators work? Calorie calculators can be found on countless websites. Even Straight Health has its own calorie calculator which uses sex, weight, height, age and activity level to estimate a person's daily calorie expenditure. But are these numbers reliable and should you base your diet off of them?
Is it OK to eat junk food sometimes? The dilemma: you know how unhealthy doughnuts can be but love them nonetheless, should you eat one here and there? You defiantly should. To be completely healthy, you have to make your body as well as your mind happy.
Top 5 Lists
Top 5 Reasons to Eat Healthy A diet built on a foundation of healthy food choices has plenty of benefits including weight loss, increased energy and disease prevention. A healthy diet allows you to eat unhealthy foods sometimes, provided you make the right choices most of the time. A healthy lifestyle is about balance, not deprivation.
Top 5 Ways to Increase Nutrient Intake Nutrients. Bad Eating Habits "You are what you eat" is a perfect saying because the nutrition habits you practice now have a huge effect on your overall health tomorrow. The right eating habits will help you lose weight, gain muscle and even reduce your risk of disease.
Top 5 Healthy Eating Habits Liquid calories, skipping meals and having a strict diet are just some of the bad eating habits that need to change if you're looking to improve your overall health.
Top 5 Ways to Eat Healthy During a Recession With tough times ahead of us, everyone is looking for ways to save money and the grocery store is no exception. Sure we could all go on Ramen Noodle diets and probably save a lot of money, but that would be creating big problems tomorrow to solve a few problems today. There are plenty of ways you and your family can stay healthy and still save money during a recession.
Tools
Free Diet Plans This tool will provide you with a daily meal program that is personalized for your own needs. Whether you're looking to gain, lose or maintain weight, the SH Trainer can help you reach your goals.
Daily Nutrient Needs Calculator This tool will calculate your daily needs of fats, carbohydrates, protein, vitamins, and minerals.
Common Terminology A few common terms you should know if you're interested in improving your health, eating healthy and starting an exercise routine.
Functions of Vitamins & Minerals Here are the major functions and sources of all the vitamins and minerals.Straight British couple seeks 'gay' partnershipTue Nov 9, 2010
I totally agree...What about women (or men) who are with someone they TRULY LOVE, but the other person has debts (such as child support or taxes), that is theirs. I shouldn't be responsible for those things. I know that good old saying what's yours is mine, but not when it comes to child support ( t …
Suge Knight to continue lawsuit against Kanye WestFri Nov 5, 2010
Big Baby is BROKE and he is just looking for someone to pay his bills!!.... Another Nobody trying to be Somebody and not getting any attention...Sit your big azz down somewhere!!!....2 true legands of Rap would probably still be here if it wasn't for his sorry azz!!..He always has his nose where it …
They were kids on 9/11, now they are fighting long Afghan warThu Nov 4, 2010
Retired couple gives away $11 million lottery winThu Nov 4, 2010
Singer Mario cleared: Mom says he never hit herThu Nov 4, 2010
Bristol Palin didn't turn in her absentee ballotThu Nov 4, 2010
Indian woman vows to continue decade hunger strikeThu Nov 4, 2010
Bush calls Kanye West's rant 'disgusting'Wed Nov 3, 2010
Rapper T.I. returns to prison for second timeTue Nov 2, 2010
Would you purchase a counterfeit product from China?Tue Oct 26, 2010Next: Package Keywords, Previous: Apropos, Up: Help [Contents][Index]
Help buffers provide the same commands as View mode (see View Mode); for instance, SPC scrolls forward, and DEL or S-SPC scrolls backward. A few special commands are also provided:
Follow a cross reference at point (
help-follow).
Move point forward to the next hyperlink (
forward-button).
Move point back to the previous hyperlink (
backward-button).
Follow a hyperlink that you click on.
Show all documentation about the symbol at point
(
help-follow-symbol).: Package Keywords, Previous: Apropos, Up: Help [Contents][Index]JupiterBounce is your neighborhood party destination. We rent Bounce Houses and Giant Water Slides to make your party unforgettable!
The inflatables are all brand new and are ready for delivery. Our driver is the owner of the company, so you're dealing directly with the boss.
On-time delivery is guaranteed. Conveniently make your reservation now online or over the phone.
We serve Wellington, Boca Raton, West Palm Beach, Lake Worth, Palm Springs, Delray Beach, Boynton Beach, Palm Beach Gardens, Jupiter, Hobe Sound, Royal Palm Beach, Juno Beach, Lantana, Hypoluxo, and most of the Palm BeacCategory Archives: Everything else
Machiavelli, Master of Puppets
Only $15.99. For maximum nerd cred, combine with this:
Proust and causal process observations
Qualitative methodologists have argued that qualitative research cannot be properly understood within the rigid framework of quantitative analysis. For instance, qualitative scholars often rely on “causal process observations” (CPOs):
CPOs may be defined as diagnostic pieces of evidence that yield insight into causal connections and mechanisms, providing leverage for adjudicating among alternative hypotheses. CPOs are not part of a rectangular data set, and the decision to focus on particular CPOs is guided by the researcher’s theoretical framework, hypotheses, and substantive knowledge—and correspondingly, by the judgment that they have strong probative value in evaluating specific explanatory claims.
Critics have retorted that CPOs is just a new bottle for fine old wine. Well, it seems that CPOs date back at least to the early 20th century. Here’s the narrator of Proust’s Recherche desperately trying to figure out whether his girlfriend was having sex with women (Marcel Proust, Albertine disparue, Gallimard, pp. 95-96):
Et? Albertine avait beau n’exister dans ma mémoire comme elle m’était successivement apparue au cours de la vie, que comme des fractions de temps, ma pensée rétablissant en elle l’unité, en refaisait un être, et c’est sur cet être que je voulais porter un jugement général, savoir si elle m’avait menti, si elle amenait les femmes, si c’est pour en fréquenter librement qu’elle m’avait quitté. Ce que dirait la doucheuse pourrait peut-être trancher à jamais mes doutes sur les moeurs d’Albertine.
(It turns out that Albertine wasn’t just showering in Balbec’s public showers.)
The most dangerous thing about an academic education
From a speech by David Foster Wallace:.
Bonus tidbit:
Worship your intellect, being seen as smart, you will end up feeling stupid, a fraud, always on the verge of being found out.
Frontiers of French exceptionalism
Here’s something you won’t hear on French television news today: “For more information on the U.S. trial of Dominique Strauss-Kahn, follow us on Twitter.”
French regulators have banned the words “Facebook” and “Twitter” from French TV and radio unless those words are used to refer to the companies themselves in news stories. The regulator, France’s Conseil Supérieur de l’Audiovisuel, says that it is “clandestine” advertising to use the names otherwise, violating a 1992 decree stipulating that commercial enterprises should not be promoted on news programs.
Can the ban be explained on legal grounds alone? What other considerations might be involved in the French action?
I can’t imagine what those other considerations might be.
“A Batcave for the Ph.D. crowd”
An article describing the project is here.
(Via The Monkey Cage.)
“Qaddafi is a villain straight out of ‘Star Wars'”
…writes Prospero, describing this stunning photo:
The photo is part of the book Power: Portraits of World Leaders by the New Yorker‘s photographer Platon, which collects 150 photos of international leaders taken during 72 hours at a United Nations General Assembly meeting. Looks like the perfect gift for a political scientist. (I’ve already ordered my copy, thanks.)"What the fuck's going on here?" Patience, Shlomo. With some deep background now established, the pacing of this series is impeccable, even if naming this episode after a Phil Collins song is a low blow (I know, I know, it's a reference to Nessa's comments to the imam last week). That said, previous episodes could easily have been named after entries in the great man's oeuvre: Another Day in Paradise, Mama, Easy Lover, Something Happened on the Way to Heaven, Against All Odds …
Two Hearts
Nessa gives birth to Kasim. She and Atika are rescued after Ephra cuts several deals: one with Monica, to be replaced by Nessa as head of the company, and two more with the Israelis – first to begin laying the West Bank cabling (Nessa reads about this in a newspaper), and second, "something else" (most likely an agreement to tap Shlomo's broadband network, in spite of Hugh's suspicions about the positive prejudice arrangement – see below). Then, back to the present day. Nessa reveals (to us, at least) her true feelings for Atika – "I know how I am." Via Saleh Al-Zahid, she then meets Jalal El-Amin, who tells her he wants to bid for the next phase of the roll-out, and learns that Monica and Bloom fabricated the evidence linking Shlomo to Hezbollah.
Nessa meets an old ally, Aron Yavin, and dispatches him to investigate Shlomo's telephone exchanges for wiretaps. He duly finds one from seven years ago (ie installed around the time of Nessa and Atika's release), and presents Shlomo with the evidence. Shlomo denies all knowledge, glaring at Ephra when he is told about it. Shimon Ben Reuven, head of computer science at the Stein University, goes public with his suspicions of positive prejudice in examinations, favouring Israeli soldiers over Palestinians, but stumbles across the wiretap listening post in the process. He ends up dead in a crate full of lemons, which is what life ultimately gave him.
Family affairs
As expected, Atika adopts Kasim as her own to stop Nessa's future and that of the business from being compromised, but I detected more than a hint of menace in what was a demand as much as an offer. Nessa and Ephra's relationship gets odder and more intriguing with that weird bonding moment at their lowest ebb. Does Nessa really not know what demands will be made by her kidnappers when the time comes? That discussion about ownership of secrets was a bit laboured, but did at least underline Ephra's consistent ability to underestimate those closest to him (this time, Atika), while poor Nessa is in agonies over Atika's choice of Stein.
The longer this series goes on, the more credible I'm finding Shlomo. I believed him when he denied knowledge of the wiretap, and when he claimed to want the cable contract not for the money (he's already loaded) but out of love and respect for the Steins. That said, Rachel may be the only character who hasn't yet told a lie in this series …
Spy games
Monica and Julia had small but significant roles to play here. Did Monica think Nessa would be a puppet at the head of the Stein Group? She was certainly almost offhand in her ruthlessness with Ephra, even as her support for Nessa is looking very double-edged. And Julia seems to have the measure of Israeli bigwig Daniel Borgoraz, without being foolish enough to challenge him openly. I'm not sure that playing Monica and Hugh (who, incidentally, gets compared to a vampire for the second time in the series) off against each other will end well for her.
Gold stars to Shrubgirl55 and Vermont1, who questioned Bloom's loyalties. It appears he was working for Monica to undermine Shlomo – but why? Especially when Schwako suggests Shlomo harbours a far darker secret. Either way, Monica is in deep with the Palestinians. And, of all the doomed cameos to date, Shimon Ben Reuven was the most intriguing yet. A really fine performance from Uriel Emil – I felt genuinely bereft when he was bumped off. Ben Reuven was an honourable man who worked for the Steins because he believed in the apparent purity of their motives. He was surely silenced more for wandering into the wrong place at the wrong time than for exposing the more superficially embarrassing positive prejudice policy.
The honour roll
I'm not sure where Nessa's decision over Kasim lies on the scale, but it probably gives the boy a better shot at a happy future as well as keeping the company in the clear. Her response to the news of the Stein University's positive discrimination is admirably restrained – at least on the surface. She seemed more disappointed than angry. Although I have a horrible feeling that she was involved in Ben Reuven's murder. Utrecht's most hirsute tracksuit-wearer (a man called Yaniv Levi, according to the credits) was called twice, both times after Nessa had clearly made a resolution to take action. As with the death of Bloom, Frances is used as an intermediary, which arouses my suspicions further. All this would imply that Nessa knew about the wiretap. Surely not?
Questions
Nessa and Atika – how do we feel about that? I speculated very idly about it last week, and in retrospect I suppose it makes some kind of sense. But was it really necessary?
Lots of fruit in this episode. What was the significance of Nessa eating raspberries while Ephra rejects a strawberry?
Is it safe to assume that the symbol hanging around the neck of Levi – a star of David bordered with guns – marks him out as an Israeli extremist? I'm not aware of a link to a specific organisation, however.
If you were working at a listening post, doing some top-secret bugging of international cable networks, wouldn't you lock the door?
Notes and observations
• For anyone who missed it BTL last week – the scripts for episodes two and three are available. Thanks to Vermont1 for this.
• I got very confused about the chronological leaps at the start (eight/seven years ago/later, etc) before remembering that women don't fall pregnant then give birth instantly. I've got a lot to learn.
• No biggie, but I'm pretty sure we never saw Atika tell Ephra "it's Nessa's" as shown in the preamble.
• The plot is now so dense that there's scarcely room to talk about the wider production. But there was another hand (Ben Reuven's) planted on a windowpane – that metaphor for visibility without access again? Creepy juxtaposition of Kasim's entrance into the world and the birth of the fibreoptic network, too, and a strange focus on tapping fingers, which reminded me of the code used in the great Israeli series, Prisoners of War.
• Ephra's therapist must have her hands full.
• I'm trusting that Caleb Schwako has no agenda of his own here. Other than to derail an otherwise serious-minded series with a daft caricature.
• Shlomo: "The monster is coming back!" Look out, world.
• Nessa's off somewhere in a hurry at the end, as Hugh's lackey looks on.
• For more on the technology of wiretapping and encrypted data, might I recommend iharsten's excellent research, BTL of the episode four blog? Also, much debate about Atika (Israeli agent? Fatah plant? Pursuing her own agenda?) and the planned/unplanned nature of the rape (I now lean towards the latter), none of which was much illuminated by tonight's event.
• Hugh, face like a randy bloodhound, panting. Reminiscent of Hannibal Lecter sucking his teeth, only more disturbing. Never?)Now Playing
Connect with Us
Regional News
6:00 am
Mon May 20, 2013
Montgomery County Bark Park to Host Bake Sale June 1st
By Matt Kelley
The Bark Park in Montgomery County will be hosting a Bake Sale, from 10am until 2pm on June 1st. Spokesperson Tanya North says there will be dog-friendly activities throughout the day. Ms. North told WNKU's Matt Kelley that there will be treats for everyone. (get more information at )Stars
Photos: Stephane Robidas takes puck off helmet as Stars lose late lead in Colorado
Photo: Barry Gutierrez/AP
With linesman John Grandt, left, watching, Colorado Avalanche's Jan Hejda (8) and Dallas Stars' Eric Nystrom (24) fight during the second period of an NHL hockey game on Wednesday, March 20, 2013, in Denver. (AP Photo/Barry.Catalog 2009-2010 Edition»Academic Information & Policies
Academic Information & Policies
William Sobotor
Provost
Carolyn Jones
Administrative Secretary, Provost
Denise Bowman
Student Data Specialist
Rosie Holland
Student Data Specialist
Pamela Moss
Director, Institutional Effectiveness
Anne Plumb
Dean, Division of Nursing
Melissa Potosky
Educational Project Specialist
Distinguished Staff 2010
Linda Reed
Dean, Division of Allied Health
Barry Schultz
Dean, Division of General Studies
Distinguished Faculty 2002
Jana Turner
Manager, Records/Registration
Distinguished Staff 2004
Jacqueline Williams
Secretary, Records/Registration
Catalog search
In this Section
- Degrees Offered
- Directed Study Courses
- Experimental Courses
- Unit of Credit
- Grading
- Cumulative Grade Point Average
- Grade Reports
- Transcripts
- Classification of Students
- Application for Consideration of Change of Major
- Academic Advisement
- Trimester Load
- Web Related Instruction
- Withdrawal from a Course
- Request for Consideration of Taking Course at Another College/University
- Attendance
- Dean’s List
- Academic Integrity
- Honor Code
- Academic Progression
- Completion Time
- Clinical Progression
- Academic Probation
- Removal of Academic Probation Status
- Academic Dismissal
- Progression Withdrawal
- Progression Interruption Due To Military Service
- Readmissions
- Withdrawal from College
- Leave of Absence
- Residency Requirements
- Graduation Requirements
- Graduation With Honors
- Spiritual Life and College Service Credit
- Request for Change in Final Exam TimeGeneral Fund Request Information
Contact Kevin Huber for more informtion or questions you may have
- A step-by-step tutorial of the BEST Fund request process
- Fund Request Process for Cash Grants
- Fund Request Process for Lease-Purchase Grants
BEST Grant Funding Request Forms
- CC-06 CASH Grant Funding Request (All Cycles)
- CC-06 COP Grant Funding Request (All Cycles)
- CC-06 COP Grant Funding Request AF (contact the Division staff before using this form)
General Capital Construction Forms
- CC-05 Project Final Report (due upon completion of project)
- CC-12 Grant Reserve Request
Charter School Capital Construction Grant Forms
- CSCC-01 Expenditures Report (due 07/31/2014)
- CSCC-02 Eligibility Questionnaire FY2014-15 (due 12/05/2014)
QZAB Form
BEST Lease-Purchase Forms
- Sublease Renewal Form (due annually on June 30th)
- Post Issuance Compliance Form (due annually on June 30th, use after financing closes, until completion of project)
- Post Occupancy Compliance Form (due annually on June 30th, use after construction is complete )
- Completion Certificate (due once the project account funds have been expended)
- Sublease issuance dates:
- Series 2009 A - 08/12/2009
- Series 2010 B,C - 03/16/2010
- Series 2010 D,E,F - 12/16/2010
- Series 2011 G - 12/8/2011
- Series 2012 H - 12/6/2012
- Series 2013 I - 12/9/2013
- Change / Add Sublessee Representative Form
Return to Capital Construction Home PageThe surname LECOU Couvre.
Search the
Histopols Grave Index
for the surname
Le Couvre.
Histopolis has an entry for this surname but it might be the result of an error
in the source information, since:
To confirm this surname, add a link (above) to a page with information about this
surname or that references individuals with this surname.
The surname
Le Couvre
has a Soundex code of
L216. The following
59
surname(s) may sound similar to
Le Couvre
since they share the same Soundex code.by clicking the link at the top of this page to "like" our Facebook page.
Our Mission
To provide a higher level of care for seniors that incorporates compassion, dignity and respect at all stages of life and provide services that give families peace of mind when a loved one is too ill or disabled to care for him or herself.
photograph © Barry Kaplan Photography, 2013, Kingston, OntarioThe Pains of Hard Water Stains
See if We Have Top-Rated
House Cleaners in Your Area
If you have hard water in the home, it means that your H2O contains large amounts of minerals, such as limestone, calcium, and magnesium. It's perfectly safe to use but it can have some pretty serious consequences on your house over time. A more serious problem is lime scale buildup which will eventually develop in your plumbing and impede proper water flow. But mineral-enriched water can also cause smaller troubles around the home: hard water stains. Whatever it touches can begin to spot and tarnish, including dishes, glasses, clothes, toilets, showers, sinks, and even your car. So it's always a good idea to invest in hard water stain removal early on before it wrecks havoc on your entire house.
Beware of the Blemishes
Since we use most of our water in the bathroom, hard water stains often occur on showers, tubs, and sinks. Typically it appears as a thin film of rough powder on various surfaces (especially glass, plastic, and porcelain) since mineral-based water has a difficult time dissolving soap. However, it can become more serious when metal is involved. If the moisture has high iron content, it can leave behind a red tinted slime. Brass or copper fixtures could develop blue-green rust due to acidic ingredients in your water supply. But the problem doesn't just involve your bathroom: if your water can't get the soap out, it can also develop on your dishes, clothes, and eventually clog your appliances.
Hard Water Stain Removal
One easy answer is abrasive cleaners that can be bought at the store, but to avoid the extra costs there are all kinds of home remedies for hard water stains. A lot of it is simple chemistry: a mixture of ammonia here, a dilution of some vinegar there, and you'll immediately have some mineral-fighting solutions. For example, put some lemon juice into a spray bottle and lightly apply it to your shower doors, tub, sink, or faucets, let it stand, and then wipe it off (it may take a few applications to completely eliminate the scum). Or pour a couple cups of white vinegar into your toilet and scrub, or pour it into the tank and flush away the buildup. And for more severe stains (slime, rust, and corrosive tarnishes) there is a slough of household chemicals that can be used, such as ammonia, hydrochloric acid, oxalic acid, or other strong compounds. But make sure you know how to use and dilute these elements before applying them to your fixtures.
Need a little help around the house? Use this link forHouse Cleaning Services
Secret Solutions
Though the concept behind each solution may be scientifically simple, it's often hard to know which mixture works best, how they're made, and what ratios and dilutions to use. Therefore, you may want to hire a maid service your first time out: they'll clean the entire house from top to bottom, but they may have also found the perfect commercial product or homemade concoction that not only gets rid of the present buildup but can possibly prevent it in the future. Many times, if asked politely, they'll be more than willing to share their secrets. From there, you can take care of hard water stains yourself, though it's not a bad idea to hire back the same service for a bi-annual cleaning. Plus, if lime scale develops in your appliances or pipes, their lifespan will be quickly shortened, so you may want to hire a plumber for additional advice, inspection, and elimination of the problem for those hard to reach areas.
Proven Prevention. But better yet, for surefire hard water stain removal, it's a wise idea to invest in a water softening system. These machines will filter out the minerals before it reaches your plumbing, faucets, and appliances. Plus, you'll get an immediate return on your investment: no longer will your clothes be spotted, your skin irritated, or your hair tangled from soap buildup. Also, it'll eventually save you money and headaches in the long run by reducing the chances of future repair, replacements, or renovations.
More Tips & Advice For Your Home
- Related Articles
-
- Recent Articles
-When politicians come up with a solution to your problem, you have two problems.
— J. Kesner Kahn
That’s a good question. Let me try to evade you.
— Paul Tsongas, after being asked a question during his presidential run in ’92
Alliance: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other’s pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third.
— Ambrose Bierce
Better Than Gold
The magic formula in human relations is simple – when you begin to dislike someone, do something nice for him.
— John ShermanMichaele and Tareq Salahi, the social climbing couple who crashed the White House state dinner last week, should be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. to begin with.
The following is the scenario that is typically followed when one is invited to a state dinner at the White House:
1. The Office of the Social Secretary -- on behalf of the president and first lady -- extends an official invitation to the guest by mail.
2. The guest replies to the invitation either by phoning or mailing the following information to the Social Secretary’s Office: name, date of birth, Social Security number, race and sex.
3. Thereafter, as information is gathered, the Social Office turns it over to the Secret Service so that they can run a criminal background check on every guest who has accepted the invitation. This procedure is referred to in the White House as being “WAVED.” -- “WAVES” is the acronym used by the Secret Service to denote their screening procedures for guests cleared to enter the White House’s 18 Acres.
4. About an hour before the official start of the event, guests are told to assemble at the Southeast gate of the White House and to produce a valid photo ID so they may be checked in.
At this first checkpoint, typically there are members of the White House Social Office who are present, as well as Uniformed Secret Service, with clipboards that contain the names of approved guests.
If a person approaches the checkpoint who is not on the list, typically a Social Office staffer will call a Social Office superior to get further instructions. That person is then asked to stand off to the side, away from other guests, while information is being verified. The Secret Service, in my experience, would never have allowed someone onto the White House complex who is not on a list without first getting approval/verification from a White House staff member that they are, in fact, an invited guest. The Secret Service would then require the person to wait while a computer criminal background check aka “WAVES” is performed before they are walked through the magnetometers. All other guests who have been checked in from the list, would next proceed directly to the magnetometers and then be escorted to the party’s location. -- Once a person clears the magnetometer they have access to the White House.
The breakdown in staffing and security that led to these imposters gaining access to the White House were numerous:
1. It was reported that no one from the White House Social Office was at the Southeast gate to assist the Uniformed Division of the Secret Service in checking in guests.
2. The Uniformed Secret Service did not verify some guests with the White House Social Office as to whether or not the interlopers were in fact valid guests and allowed them to proceed to the magnetometers and thereafter into the White House. It remains to be seen if, in fact, the Secret Service performed the requisite criminal background check, “WAVES,” before letting them through the magnetometers.
3. Once they gained access to the White House there were numerous missed opportunities to discover these phonies. When guests enter the White House they walk down a long corridor where they are met by a member of the White House Social Office and a military aide who ask their names so they can be announced to the press in the bookseller’s area of the mansion. At that point there was an excellent opportunity to discover the Salahis deception before they could even getting close to the other guests, the president or vice president and other high level government officials. Instead, they were in fact were announced to the press using their real names. Thereafter, they boldly mixed and mingled with legitimate guests before coming to the next missed opportunity where their deception could have been discovered. Guests are asked by members of the Social Office and military social aides to join a receiving line for the president and first lady together with the president’s honored guests. At the start of the receiving line members of the White House Social Office have index cards arranged in alphabetical order with names of the primary invitee and their accompanying guest together with their address. That card is handed to the invitee so they may hand it off to the military aide who announces them to the president, the first lady and honored guests. The Social Office should have discovered -- at that point -- that there was NO card for these “guests” and alarm bells should have gone off. Instead, what probably happened was that the Social Office Staffer made up an index card for the imposters and let them in the receiving line to meet the president. Once the imposters greeted the president they proceeded to mix and mingle with legitimate guests in the East Room before leaving before dinner was served in a tent on the South Lawn. When the Salahis decided to leave the state dinner before the meal was served this should have, once again, set off an alarm with both the Secret Service as well as the White House staff. It is virtually unheard of for guests to leave a State Dinner prior to the meal being served. In my experience, the staff usually has to kick people out of the White House at the end of a function because the guests do not want to leave.
These social climbers, the Salahis had their photos taken with not only the president but the vice president as well. They were photographed with the president’s guest of honor, the White House Chief of Staff and other high government officials.
Had they had evil intentions and possessed something like say, anthrax, they could have literally killed everyone at the state dinner including the president and vice president of the United States as well as India's leader. This could have been a national and international tragedy of monumental proportions.
The fact that they were pranksters instead of terrorists should not matter. It has been said, “the most dangerous gun is one that is unloaded.” You never know how dangerous people are until after the danger has passed. -- History tells us that many assassins have stalked their victims before getting up the nerve to actually carry out the deed.
We need to make an example out of the Salahis. -- They compromised the security of our president, they embarrassed our country and our honored guests. No one will ever remember what should have been a great event for one of our closest allies. All anyone will ever remember about President Obama's first state dinner will be these two party crashers.
We need to exchange their 15 minutes of fame for at least 15 days in jail. -- Their next invitation should come from the U.S. Attorney for the District of Washington, D.C. to appear before a federal grand jury. This time no RSVP will be necessary. The Salahis just need to show up with a toothbrush!
Bradley A. Blakeman, Professor of Public Policy and Politics at Georgetown University. He served as deputy assistant to President George W. Bush 2001-04 and is a frequent Fox Forum contributor.What does PWN mean in ASX Symbols?
This page is about the meanings of the acronym/abbreviation/shorthand PWN in the Business field in general and in the ASX Symbols terminology in particular.
Potash West Nl
Translation
Find a translation for PWN in other languages:
Select another language:
Definition
What does PWN mean?
- pwn(Noun)
- Triumph, defeat, victory. Often exclaimed after an opponent in a video game is defeated.
see more on Definitions.net»
Discuss this PWN abbreviation with the community:
Citation
Use the citation below to add this abbreviation to your bibliography:
"PWN." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Close to the finish line....
I have no finals this week, which is just amazing, but my work is not done as of yet. I still have to finish my manual for my OLDP 4696- Internship course. To complete my major in Human Resources Development, I had to be enrolled in one HRD Internship Class where I have to compile a binder that captures my experiences in my internships. I enrolled in 6 credits, meaning that I needed to complete 270 hours of HRD related internship. The manual has to include the following:
1. Cover Page
2. Contract
3. Supervisor's Letter of Evaluation
4. Daily Log
5. Formal Evidence of Hours Worked
6. 5 page Written Analysis of Internship Experience
7. Developed MaterialsFriday, March 23, 2012
Saturday, March 24
Allianz Football League Division I
Dublin v Donegal, Croke Park, 7.15pm
The battle for places in the semi-finals of Division I of the Allianz Football League resumes this weekend, and Dublin’s clash with Donegal in Croke Park on Saturday evening will provide a great opportunity for both teams to cement their positions in the race for the top four.
It is hard to consider Dublin v Donegal in Croke Park without immediately thinking back to last year’s remarkable GAA Football All-Ireland Senior Championship semi-final clash between the teams, which Dublin eventually won 0-8 to 0-6 in what was one of the lowest scoring but most absorbing Championship duels in living memory.
Donegal’s tactic of a packed defence specialising in intense tackling and marking almost worked until Dublin somehow found a way through in the final 20 minutes, when they were able to pick off enough scores to see them through to the final.
Obviously a League game in March is unlikely to have the same tactical absoluteness that comes to the fore at the latter end of Championship football, so it will be interesting to see on what terms the teams meet at GAA Headquarters.
Both teams have had slip-ups in the League so far, but they have also shown plenty of the quality which landed them silverware in 2011. Dublin’s progress was checked by Down last weekend, that surprising loss in Páirc Esler coming on the back of impressive victories over Laois and Armagh in the previous weekends.
Dublin had looked particularly sparkling in their victory over Armagh a few weeks ago, and one could have been forgiven for expecting an in-form attack to do serious damage to a Down rearguard that had struggled in the League. It didn’t work out like that though, and shorn of the threat of Eoghan O’Gara, Pat Gilroy’s men were not able to match Down’s commitment and hunger to perform in front of their home fans.
Donegal meanwhile, are beginning to look like the force they were in 2011. They were without many of their biggest names for the first rounds of the League and they struggled without them, but since getting the likes of Michael Murphy and Colm McFadden back, they have recorded fine wins over Cork, and last weekend against Mayo. In between those victories, there was a heavy defeat in Kerry, but Jim McGuinness’s men will still be full of confidence heading to Croke Park.
Their victory over Mayo last time out was impressive, as they ended up running away with a game they had been five points behind in early on. They dealt well with the sending-off of midfielder Rory Kavanagh, and there was much to be encouraged by in the way they controlled the game for the entire second half.
Their GAA All Star defender Karl Lacey has been in good form throughout the League and he is looking forward to Saturday’s game but he says Donegal’s priority is simply to get enough points to stay up.
"You always want to go out and win every game but our priority is not based on the league,” he said.
“Even this week, we trained one night and will go the same this week because there is going to be an awful lot of work done once the league wraps up and hopefully we will get enough points to stay up.”
For Dublin, Pat Gilroy knows that with three games still left for them in the League (as a result of the abandoned game with Mayo still to be played) their destiny is in their own hands. The manager spoke this week of the higher standards now required of the All-Ireland champions.
"We need to be better than we were last year, and I think we have gotten a good yardstick already in the league. The reality for us is, we're All-Ireland champions so the only thing that can be a standard for us is to repeat that," he said.
"That's just a fact of life. We are champions so anything less than that won't be at the same level."
With summer now looming large on the agendas of both Dublin and Donegal, seeing each other again on Saturday will be a reminder to both of challenges past and challenges to come.Backbreaker
On April.
During that first year in the field, Goroway and a partner opened a clinic in Hollywood, at NW 72nd Avenue and Taft. For his down payment on the building, Goroway got $25,000 from his mother. They called it Flamingo Chiropractic.
Six months after this venture, Goroway swooped back to gobble up the Pompano Beach clinic. In 1992, his first year as a practicing chiropractor, he already had two offices, where, according to his own estimates, he treated more than 350 patients per week. Goroway estimated he made $200,000 that year.
In his deposition, Goroway credited his rapid expansion to his work ethic and clinical skill. But his talents as a salesman no doubt helped too. According to critics of chiropractic, most minor back pain resolves itself within a few weeks even if untreated. The key for a chiropractor is to not only convince the patient that he owes his progress to chiropractic adjustments but that he will need to make regular visits to keep the condition from returning. Goroway must have been adept at this part of the job.
Despite his booming practice, Goroway grew frustrated with his patients. In his deposition, he estimated that 30 percent of his clientele had insurance "and the rest was — excuse the expression — crap. We didn't make money on them, you know? They were Medicare, and Medicare doesn't pay garbage."
His initial solution was to open more offices. In 1994, Goroway partnered with another chiropractor in an office in Coral Gables. The following year, he opened another office, this one in Deerfield Beach. And in 1996, he opened yet another in that city. All this came in addition to another job he'd assumed, as medical director for a Fort Lauderdale spa. Goroway screened patients and referred them to the spa's staff of chiropractors, massage therapists, and physicians.
By that year, he estimated his annual income to be around $400,000. Goroway had married a former model named Patricia, with whom he'd had two children. They lived in a 10,000-square-foot mansion in Southwest Ranches. Goroway drove a burgundy 1993 Corvette. At 30, the American dream had arrived early.
But somehow, it didn't feel like success to Goroway. His daily regimen — up at 5 a.m., in the gym by 6, at work by 8, and home at 8 p.m. — left little time to bask in the good life. Even when Goroway found time to take vacations, he had trouble forgetting about work. Once, while on a Cancun golf course with his brother, Goroway admitted that the pressure of maintaining the clinics had pushed him to the brink of a nervous breakdown. His brother suggested he walk away from his work entirely.
Instead, Goroway redirected his ambitions. "I was bored in clinic," he would say later. "Clinic was not mentally stimulating to me. I wanted to play bigger games in business, do bigger things."
Specifically, he began shifting his focus from acquiring more patients to earning more money per patient. This plan assumed a more concrete shape during a 1998 reunion with Markell Boulis and another college chum, Brad Goldstein. Goldstein had used his degree to launch a firm for performing electrodiagnostic tests, which purport to help chiropractors identify their patients' conditions. The tests had fancy names — "nerve conduction velocity tests," "dermatomal evoked potential tests," and "somatosensory evoked potentials." Although some medical experts question the diagnostic worth of such tests, they offered one obvious incentive to chiropractors: They could be billed under major medical and automobile insurance providers. The tests also required trained specialists, which is why many are performed by "mobile" diagnostic teams like the ones Goldstein employed in his Boca Raton firm, Premier Medical Group.
Goroway had used these four tests with his own patients. For each one tested, the chiropractor could bill the health-care provider about $1,000. At the same time, the mobile electrodiagnostic unit could bill the provider for the cost of performing the tests and interpreting the results at a rate of $1,100 to $3,700 per order, according to Goldstein. The more patients tested, the more money for everyone.
In his deposition, Goroway recalled a fateful dinner with Goldstein and Boulis that took place at Hobo's Fish House in Coral Springs. Goldstein boasted that his company performed 200 tests a month. Goroway told him he'd "smoke that." Goldstein invited him on board, and Goroway promised that within three months, Goldstein's team would be running 300 tests a month. In exchange, Goroway wanted a percentage of the profits Goldstein collected from patients Goroway recruited. Goldstein offered 50. Goroway wanted 60. Drunk from three bottles of wine, Goroway and Goldstein arm-wrestled for the extra 10 percent. Goroway won. (Goldstein remembers the dinner but not the arm-wrestling.)
Goroway had other big ideas. For one, he suspected his fellow chiropractors were not coding their treatments in a way that made it possible to fully bill insurance carriers. Having studied the billing codes carefully during his own clinical work, Goroway felt qualified to audit other chiropractors' books. Like a collections agency, he'd get paid by helping his clients get paid.
By that time, he had already invited Boulis into a venture he called Practice Mechanix.
Goroway's old roommate had fallen on hard times and had few other options. In 1991 — the same year that Goroway followed the sunshine to Florida — Boulis was busted for orchestrating the sale of cocaine to a stripper who happened to be an undercover cop. A search of Boulis' apartment turned up 12 grams of coke. The conviction would eventually cost Boulis his license to practice chiropractic in Pennsylvania, where he'd returned since graduating.
Drug-dealing seems a strange career choice for a young chiropractor who could make a good living playing it straight. No records in Boulis' case offer a motive, but it seems likely that he hadn't quite left behind the hard partying of his college years.
His case would prove among the strangest in Atlanta history. According to an investigation by the state's attorney general, Boulis pleaded guilty to possession with intent to sell but withdrew that plea when he learned that he was to get jail time rather than probation. He was found guilty anyway, though by the time the jury delivered its verdict, Boulis had dashed from an Atlanta courthouse, a fugitive from justice. He turned himself in two weeks later and was sentenced to five years in prison, according to the attorney general's report. But Boulis struck an unorthodox deal with prosecutors whereby he wrote a $200,000 check, earmarked for the narcotics unit, in exchange for a reduced sentence of probation. The controversy that ensued prompted then-Gov. Zell Miller to order an investigation that ultimately brought about more severe penalties for Georgia's first-time drug offenders.
Goroway was well-aware of his old friend Boulis' criminal past. "He was in a lot of trouble," Goroway said in his deposition. "He was losing his license. He wasn't a very good guy, and I tried to help him out, and I gave him a job with me."
As described in Goroway's deposition, Practice Mechanix was a traveling seminar in which Goroway and his staff offered other practitioners a crash course in profit-boosting. Cutting costs was one obvious measure. But they also urged their colleagues to locate unbilled-for services and connected them with Goldstein's lucrative line of electrodiagnostic tests. Goroway was a natural; he finally had a stage upon which he could perform. It wasn't quite the acting exposure he'd dreamed of during his New Jersey boyhood, but the crowds were rapt.
At the outset of his seminars, Goroway stressed that Practice Mechanix's goal was to provide patients better treatment. But what drew chiropractors from around the country was the pledge that his methods could double or triple a clinic's revenue. After Goroway's presentation, salesmen approached chiropractors to "close" them — that is, convince them to sign a lease with Premier, Goldstein's company, which arranged for technicians to bring the diagnostic equipment to chiropractor offices and perform the tests, according to deposition testimony.
"He did well in front of people," Goldstein recalled in a recent interview by phone. "He was very charismatic, very smart — the kind of person who when you looked at him, he got through to you and made you believe what he said."
Practice Mechanix produced $800,000 in revenue in 1998, its first year. That doubled in 1999, and by 2000, revenues had passed $2 million. By the next year, Goroway reported a gross income of $2 million on his personal tax return.
The company was Goroway's creation, but it owed a debt to Dr. David Singer, a chiropractor who had long run his own seminar series. Goroway became a client of Singer's around 1991. He paid careful attention not just to the business concepts Singer preached but to Singer's delivery, his magnetic presence.
Those seminars, it turned out, had also become a kind of recruiting tool for Singer, a devotee of the Church of Scientology, the controversial self-help system maligned as a cult by critics. Boulis was enamored of Singer too and followed him into Scientology. Goroway would later note that Boulis "chipped away" at him until finally, around 1999, as he was getting Practice Mechanix off the ground, he joined the church.
By 2001, Practice Mechanix was using telemarketers and junk faxes to reach chiropractors. At its peak, Goroway claimed the company had 125 employees, a 34-seat telemarketing house in Pittsburgh, and $650,000 in operating expenses per month. Much of its success came from concepts of business organization that Goroway learned through Scientology, he would later say.
His profile was so high within the chiropractic community, Goroway noted, that Singer, who did not return calls for comment, called to invite him to join his company as a consultant, an offer he turned down. But he also attracted some unwelcome attention: A huge insurance company had noticed Practice Mechanix too, and its high-priced attorneys had Goroway in their crosshairs.
Goroway didn't know it yet, but his business was growing too fast. As more money came in, Goroway hired more salesmen and had less control over what was happening between them and company clients.
In 2001, he started receiving complaints from chiropractors who alleged that Boulis was encouraging them to pad their bills illegally. According to the deposition, he remembers telling Boulis "that I wanted to be totally good about everything we do and totally clean." Boulis, reached through his attorney, declined an interview request.
At the same time, the two friends were feuding over money — each said that the other owed him a hefty sum. Because Scientologists are barred from suing each other, they went through a mediation brokered by a church member. The mediator ruled that Goroway owed Boulis. Goroway quit the church and cut Boulis out of Practice Mechanix.
It was at this point, Goroway claims, that he became apprehensive about whether his company had dipped too far into legal gray areas. He phased out the auditing part of the business. "I got scared of the lies from the chiropractors," Goroway said in his deposition. "I think it was too easy for the chiropractors to try to conjure up services that they say they were providing and not providing."
Boulis did not go away quietly. Upon leaving Practice Mechanix, he launched a competing firm called Practice Solutions. It wasn't the only imitator. By 2003, Goroway says the market was "saturated" with companies like his. Attendance at his seminars plunged, as did his company's sales. His overhead was still high, though, and those costs quickly devoured the profits.
Goroway had not given himself a fallback position. In 1998, he had abandoned four of the five clinics in which he had a stake. The one remaining clinic in Hollywood, the former Flamingo Chiropractic, which had since become United Care Medical Associates, had suffered from neglect in the years since Goroway embarked on his seminar blitz. In June 2003, he closed the office. On the same day, he was served with a lawsuit by State Farm Insurance.
The nation's largest auto insurer accused Goroway, Goldstein, and their business entities of being part of a "racketeering" scheme through which they encouraged their chiropractor clients to order tests of dubious medical value purely for the sake of collecting from insurers.
The suit alleged that the group submitted 33,000 reports to insurance providers and enrolled nearly 3,000 chiropractors nationwide. The cost to the insurance industry, State Farm attorneys estimated, was in the tens of millions. (Ross Silverman, an attorney who handled the case for State Farm, says company policy bars him from speaking about it.) Goroway and Goldstein denied the allegations and initially began a defense of the suit.
"They went after us because we were one of the largest," Goldstein says. "There were hundreds that did what we did, but not to the degree that we did it." He defended the integrity of the tests and said that chiropractor clients were required to sign forms in which they vouched for the necessity of a patient's receiving the test. The real issue, Goldstein suspects, is that mobile diagnostic units were emerging as a more convenient alternative to neurology clinics.
Thomas Drzemala, a chiropractor who had been hired to be a salesman for Practice Mechanix, gave an affidavit for the State Farm case in which he described how Goroway stressed that the "real money" is in electrodiagnostic testing. "He directed us to tell the chiropractors they should order the [electrodiagnostic] tests for every patient at their practice because every subluxation" — the term for spinal misalignment — "had a neurological component which could be evaluated," Drzemala stated. "I did not agree with this because, based upon my education and experience, nerve conduction studies have limited diagnostic value."
In Drzemala's view, the chiropractors themselves saw little value in the tests beyond the income they generated. "Because of their lack of understanding regarding the tests, I seriously doubt whether the chiropractors ever factored the interpretations of the tests into any patient's treatment plan," Drzemala asserted in his affidavit.
Shortly after Drzemala left Practice Mechanix in late 2001, he filed a report with the Florida Insurance Fraud Bureau alleging that "Practice Mechanix was improperly using financial incentives to encourage chiropractors to order unnecessary electrodiagnostic and spinal ultrasound testing and to submit new bills for services and procedures that may or may not have been performed."
Although Goroway couldn't have known it, he is fortunate that these allegations never appeared in a criminal indictment. They did for his former friend and salesman, Boulis, who was indicted in 2006 for health-care fraud and income tax evasion in connection with Boulis' Practice Solutions. The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette billed it as "one of the largest health insurance fraud cases in the United States" — and Boulis' company was smaller than Goroway's had been.
Even before that case was filed, Boulis had been arrested in Cleveland in June 2003 after buying three rocks of crack cocaine — a violation of his probation from the drug arrest in Georgia.
Goroway's legal bills were growing too. His wife, Patricia, filed for divorce in 2004.
Patricia Goroway, reached by phone, said of her ex-husband: "I can't comment on anything about him. I really don't know anything about him."
In January 2005, Goroway settled his part of the State Farm suit and was dismissed from the case. By the time he sat for an October 2005 deposition in the same case, there was little sign of the dashing entrepreneur who made millions on the seminar circuit. Asked whether he was the top salesman at Practice Mechanix, Goroway said: "I was it. I was the game. I mean, you know, I'm not looking myself today. I'm very tired right now, and I'm — I've been through a lot. OK? Since your case and a lot of other things. I lost my dad, my stepdad, my businesses, everything, in a year and a half's time. Everything in my life is gone. I'm at my lowest point in my whole life. I was at my highest point for a while there."
A gag order bars both sides of that case from discussing the settlement amounts, but Goroway claims he paid "pennies on the dollar," mostly because only a small percentage of the clients he referred to Goldstein had their tests paid for by the auto insurance carriers on whose behalf State Farm was suing.
Goldstein also settled his part of the State Farm suit before trial, though he still maintains: "We did nothing wrong. We fought the good fight, but when you go against a company like that, you can only go so far."
Between his 2005 deposition and the incident in Bal Harbour on April 1, 2008, there is a long, mysterious gap in Goroway's life story. He'd grown "bored" by clinical work. His seminar program had hit the skids. And he'd suffered a string of personal setbacks. But that still doesn't explain how Goroway found himself driving away from Haulover Park with a half-kilo of freshly purchased cocaine.
On this matter, the police report in his case is maddeningly vague. It contains no background information about how Bal Harbour narcotics officers set up the deal — whether Goroway was its target or whether he was a middleman who got caught with the stash. In a brief interview with a Bal Harbour Police Department spokesman, Capt. Greg Roy refused to offer clues: "We can't comment on that because it's part of a pending investigation."
The report is especially vague when it comes to the physical details of the encounter between Goroway and police. It states only that Goroway was pulled over on Collins Avenue and that as the cops approached his SUV from either side, he "refused several verbal commands to exit his vehicle." For this reason, the report says, "Det. [Paul] Eppler then opened the passenger door of the vehicle, at which time Sgt. Paul Deitado observed what appeared to be a brief struggle between the defendant and Det. Eppler. During this time Sgt. Deitado heard three gun shots fired."
In a brief interview, Roy said Eppler was carrying an MP5 submachine gun. The first bullet went crashing through the ulna bone in Goroway's wrist, destroying his ulnar nerve, for flexing one's hand. The location of the entry wound, on the inside of the right arm, suggests the possibility that Goroway grabbed the officer's gun just before it fired. Roy refused to discuss exactly what Goroway did to precipitate the "brief struggle" in the SUV.
The second bullet landed just above Goroway's knee. A third shot hit the SUV.
Goroway was covered in blood. A helicopter landed nearby, swooping him away to the University of Miami's Ryder Trauma Center just before the news helicopters arrived. Goroway nearly bled to death.
In the days to come, Goroway's mug shot would run on TV news programs and in the Miami Herald. Sentencing guidelines dictate a minimum mandatory sentence of 15 years for buying half a kilo of cocaine, a quantity that suggests an intention to deal. Goroway entered a plea of not guilty. His trial is set for next month.
In the meantime, Goroway has kept a low profile. The phone numbers that come up on a directory search of his name are all disconnected. So is the phone number Goroway gave to police after his April 1 arrest. He no longer lives in the same palatial Southwest Ranches home; it sold last year for $3.2 million to Miami Heat forward Udonis Haslem. Nor can Goroway be found at the Ocean Boulevard condo in Pompano Beach where he moved shortly after his divorce.
A property records search places him in a small but lushly landscaped bungalow in a neighborhood near downtown Hollywood. "Are you a reporter he wants to talk to?" asked a woman's voice through the closed door. The woman is Diana Suissa, Goroway's fiancée. She said he was not home. She was willing to give an email address where he could be contacted.
Goroway responded to a New Times email, agreeing to meet for an interview so long as it was understood that he would not speak about anything relating to his criminal case.
A few days later, Goroway, black hair freshly shorn and spiked after a trip to his hairdresser, arrives early to an interview at a Starbucks in downtown Fort Lauderdale. On this rain-soaked Thursday in mid-June, he's dressed in designer jeans and a long-sleeved shirt — just like the day he was arrested — and he's still driving the same white Toyota Tundra in which he was shot. His right hand is stiff. A handshake makes him wince.
As Goroway sits at a table, it's apparent why — there's a cast over his right wrist, from beneath which a grotesque scar can be seen. Staples, he notes, are all that hold the muscles and ligaments together. The scar is horizontal, and the mangled flesh makes it appear more like a bad burn than a bullet wound. He gestures to a place above the knee where there's a distinct lump: the second bullet. "They're cutting it out tomorrow," Goroway says.
In the three years since he gave his deposition, Goroway says he has worked mostly as a consultant to those hoping to launch a business akin to Practice Mechanix. Last year, Goroway says, he planned a return to clinical work. But in November, he was rear-ended, leaving him with herniated discs in his neck and lower back. He'd have to heal before getting back into practice. Then came the drug bust.
With his case pending, Goroway cannot discuss his arrest or any of the events that led up to it. He'll say only that "the truth will come out" at trial, which has been set for mid-August. Given that his friend and former colleague Boulis had dabbled with drugs, it's reasonable to wonder whether Goroway also had shady dealings away from his practice. But he denies it, insisting he doesn't even drink, much less do drugs. "I don't lead a double life," he stresses.
Other friends and colleagues offer no explanation. "I've been out with him as a friend to dinners and concerts, and there was no sign of this kind of thing," says Dr. Leonard Badalamente, Goroway's former partner in a Deerfield Beach clinic. "I think he was recently divorced, a business went down, and maybe he met the wrong kind of people."
The arrest was, to Goldstein, "a complete shock to everyone who knew [Goroway] personally and professionally."
When the subject changes to his career as a chiropractor, Goroway leans back in his chair and rubs his chin thoughtfully. "Did I want to make millions?" he asks, then pauses. "Yes," he says finally. "But money is not a driver for me." He adds, "I'm a great idea person, and I want to help people."
As he describes his career, it's hard not to see flashes of the persuasive pitchman he once was. "I taught principles," he exclaims. "How to get paid by running sound systems of health care. Nobody had done that before!" Goroway talks about giving free clinical care to a local football team and teaching life-saving courses to firefighters. Handsome, animated, and affable, Goroway adds just enough self-deprecating humor to keep from appearing slick.
Strangely, the former millionaire, who sounded positively disconsolate during his 2005 deposition, sounds hopeful on this day, despite the prospect of a lengthy stay in prison. "I could have been dead," he explains. "I could have been paralyzed. I'm very, very thankful to be alive, very sound in the fact that things will work out from this incident, however it comes about. I was very, very distraught from a lot of losses in 2003 — and this incident, as terrible as it is, gave me a new perspective on life. I'm actually happy, as bizarre as that may sound."
In fact, Goroway says he still dreams of giving acting a whirl. His role as a seminar leader at Practice Mechanix was something of a performance: "I enjoy public speaking, the platform, being able to move audiences emotionally and spiritually."
But his true ambition at this point is much more humble, and it's one he sets out in a melancholy tone, with a chastened expression on his face. "I'd prefer to practice where I can put a box on the wall and tell people to drop a few bucks in it, whatever they can afford," he says earnestly. "I would work three days a week and the other four, just surf andYou are a fan of pinas states ? Come to discover the best forums pinas states on the internet and share your experience with a community fan of pinas states . You can also build a forum pinas states and create your online discussion. website for the Rangers of USAR
united, #states, ranger, forums, this, website, rangers, usNew Jersey - Author Ezekiel J. Emanuel M.D. '79 at [words] bookstore
Amherst Association of New Jersey
cordially invites you to attend
a discussion of the memoir
Brothers Emanuel: A Memoir of an American Family
with author Ezekiel J. Emanuel M.D. '79
[words] bookstore
owned by Jonah Zimiles '79
179 Maplewood Avenue
Maplewood, NJ 07040
Wednesday, May 22, 2013
7:00 - 8:30 p.m.
How did one mom raise three brothers who grew up to be the nation's leading medical ethicist, a superstar Hollywood agent, and the mayor of Chicago? Come hear Zeke Emanuel '79, formerly President Obama's special advisor on healthcare, discuss his new and fascinating book at [words] bookstore, a local Maplewood bookstore owned by Jonah Zimiles '79.
Please click here to R.S.V.P.
Ezekiel J. Emanuel '79. Dr. Emanuel received his M.D. from Harvard Medical School and his Ph.D. in political philosophy from Harvard University.
Brothers Emanuel: A Memoir of an American Family will be the Amherst Reads featured book of the month in June 2013 and will include a review from the Amherst magazine, excerpt from the book and an audio interview with Zeke Emanuel '79.
Questions? Please contact Sarah Sanford '89 at
slsanford'89@amherst.edu or (413) 542-2127.LOVED this marble! I started out with a base of 2 coats of Orly Orange Punch. A pretty hard color to capture in pics actually, it was very bright, almost neon, but it just looks like a normal orange here (& kind of red in the vid):
Usually I only do one coat of white or color for my base, but I wanted to make sure that the orange really popped with this one. Then I marbled with Orange Punch & Orly Liquid Vinyl. I started out just wanting something orange & black, but the finished product really came out looking like fire:
Here's the tutorial:
Still a few more Halloween ideas, I hope I have enough time to do them since I waited until the end of the month LOL. I also wanted to do a pink marble for breast cancer awareness month, and a green marble for depression awareness month which is also October. But I've only got a week left in the month ... we'll see =)
Thanks for reading.
~Colette
wow! thats sooo halloween-y! your water marbles always inspire me! :)
That's fantastic looking. I can barely paint my nails decently! Your just amazing with these water marbling manicure. Love it!
This is so cool for halloween! <3
Oooooo, very dramatic, I really like!
That's an awesome Halloween mani!
Amaaaaazing!
WOW! Such a cool look! You did an amazaing job!
love the Halloween posts!! there all great! I do my best but its so hard to get the same design.....i guess practice makes perfect!
You are simply amazing. I normally hate polish on my finger nails, but you have inspired me!!
It looks really good. Great blog you have!
I adore this. I did it and it looks great! My nails are now really short, but it still looks HOT! Thanks for this awesome tute!15
trending Articles
Apr 09, 2015
RELATED TO
FIRSTPOST ARTICLES
May-20, 2015
Watch: Game of Thrones star Peter Dinklage sings about the show's dead characters
While his guitar gently weeps: Public farewell for BB King to be held in Las Vegas
May-19, 2015
What a tease! Michael Fassbender plays Apple CEO in Danny Boyle's Steve Jobs
May-16, 2015
Remembering the Blues maestro: Here are some of BB King's rare musical gems
May-15, 2015
The thrill is gone: Blues legend BB King passes away at age 89
More Stories on +/- (musician)
FROM THE WEBH&M to Launch Collection by Maison Martin Margiela
FacebookTwitterGoogle+TumblrPinterest
[youtube][/youtube]
H&M is reporting today that Maison Martin Margiela (a Paris fashion house) will be designing a collection of men’s and women’s clothes which will go on sale this November. Maison Martin Margiela will be joining the ranks of Missoni, Stella McCartney and most recently Marni who (to name just a few) have collaborated previously with the Swedish fashion giant.
The Maison Martin Margiela Autumn/Winter collection will be sold in H&M stores worldwide and online starting in November 2012.- S0 |
The Big Hit
- Fecha al aire:
- In this hilarious action-crime comedy, a mild-mannered suburban-living hitman turns kidnapper - only his target is broke, his henchmen double-cross him, and dinner with his in-laws gets ruined by gunplay!
Also Available Online MásEsconder
Also Available on TV MásEsconder
- Available Now
- Upcoming TV ListingsShares of Jamie DimonInc , which were given a boost last week when the social networking company reported first quarter results that largely met analysts' expectations, may be over valued, financial newspaper Barron's said on Sunday. trades for less than 20 times its 2013 earnings, the article said.)The rightwing has made a lot of hay over 2005 remarks Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf made regarding the U.S. having "more Muslim blood on its hands than al Qaida" due to U.S.-led sanctions against Iraq, which, he claimed, led "to the death of over half a million Iraqi children." However, Rauf's comments are far from being controversial or evidence of, as Fox News claims, Rauf's "extreme views." No one argues that the child mortality rates rose in Iraq while the country was subject to U.N. sanctions, and it is far from disputed that the sanctions were on some level responsible for the rise. And numerous Islamic scholars and experts -- including the 9/11 Commission -- have noted that these sanctions were particularly unpopular in the Muslim world and that extremists used the sanctions as one reason to mobilize against the U.S.
In 1999, UNICEF released a report showing that "[c]hildhood mortality clearly increased after the Gulf conflict and under UN sanctions in the south/centre of Iraq," the areas of Iraq outside of the northern Kurdish region. While there is dispute about just how much of the rise in childhood mortality is attributable to the U.N. sanctions versus Saddam Hussein, even the U.N. Security Council acknowledged that the sanctions were at least partially responsible. In a 1999 report, the the war." In an August 1999 press release, then-UNICEF Executive Director Carol Bellamy cited this statement as a "partial explanation" for her estimate "that if the substantial reduction in child mortality throughout Iraq during the 1980s had continued through the 1990s, there would have been half a million fewer deaths of children under-five in the country as a while during the eight year period 1991 to 1998." Rauf was presumably citing this estimate in his 2005 remarks.
Religious and humanitarian groups were widely opposed to the sanctions and the U.S.' policy in Iraq.
For instance, the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops harshly criticized the U.S. "as the chief proponent of sanctions" in a November 15, 1999, statement calling for the U.N. to "terminate promptly the economic embargo against Iraq": against Iraq have long since ceased to be a morally acceptable tool of diplomacy, because they have inflicted indiscriminate and unacceptable suffering on the Iraqi people. They violate a fundamental principle of engagement in conflict -- states may not seek to destroy a government or a military by targeting the innocent. It is incumbent on the United Nations Security Council and the United States, as the chief proponent of sanctions, to terminate promptly the economic embargo against Iraq.
The grounds for strong international action were and are justifiable: reversing and deterring aggression against neighboring states, protecting domestic minorities, and preventing the development of weapons of mass destruction. But even honorable causes may not be defended with immoral means. Such is the case of embargoes that contribute to untimely death, chronic illness, and reduced life-expectancy among innocent civilians.
[...]
Our concerns with U.S. policy toward Iraq are not limited to the embargo. We remain deeply concerned about the ongoing air strikes against Iraq. The moral justification of such attacks is, at best, unclear, yet the risks to Iraqi civilians are real. We urge a halt to this form of low-level warfare. It is time for a new approach to Iraq. We cannot turn a deaf ear to the suffering of the Iraqi people or a blind eye to the moral consequences of current U.S. policy. It is time to end comprehensive sanctions against Iraq, halt the ongoing air strikes, and find morally acceptable alternatives to contain the aggressive actions of the Iraqi government.
As our prayers are with the people of Iraq who are victims of their own government and of international policy. We pray also for U.S. and other world leaders as they struggle to match moral means and moral ends.
And Islamic scholars and experts -- including the 9/11 commissioners -- have cited these sanctions as a motivating factor of Islamic extremism against the U.S. In a 2002 essay on "U.S. Foreign Policy in the Muslim World," Islamic scholar Muqtedar Khan wrote that "Al-Qaeda's success lies in its ability to find local sympathizers," noting that one of the "[r]adical Islamic grievances against the United States" was "[t]he human tragedy caused by the sanctions against Iraq." Khan cited this as one of the "issues" that "are finding global resonance among Muslims regardless of their ethnic origins or social class," and argued, "It is this resonance among ordinary Muslims everywhere that has prompted some radical elements to align with the anti-Americanism engendered and fostered by al-Qaeda and its associates." The 9/11 Commission noted that Osama bin Laden "appeals to people disoriented by cyclonic change as they confront modernity and globalization," by, in part, "stress[ing] grievances against the United States widely shared in the Muslim world." One of those "grievances" bin Laden speaks of often is "the suffering of the Iraqi people as a result of sanctions imposed after the Gulf War."
So other than debating with Rauf the extent to which the sanctions were responsible for the rise in Iraqi childhood mortality rates, what, exactly, is so controversial about Rauf's 2005 remarks? Fox has declared Rauf's comments to be evidence of the "imam's extreme views." Steve Doocy declared that "[i]t doesn't exactly sound like this guy ... is that pro-America." Pam Geller and the Drudge Report have taken Rauf's comments out of context to falsely paint him as a terrorist sympathizer. Fox's Megyn Kelly was outraged, as was her guest Andrea Tantaros, who suggested that Rauf could have "a very backwards ideology; that he is not as tolerant as he or the left-wing media claims that he is, and he is using this [Park51] as an act of provocation, as an act to divide, or, worse, a 9/11 victory lap." Guest-hosting The O'Reilly Factor, Laura Ingraham and her guest Liz Cheney assailed Rauf as "at best, completely disconnected from reality," according to Nexis transcript.
If anything, the right-wing outrage demonstrates exactly the point Rauf was making in his 2005 comments -- that "what complicates the discussion" among Muslims "is the fact that the West has not been congisant and has not addressed the issues of its own contribution to much of the injustice in the Arab and Muslim world. It is a difficult subject to discuss with Western audience but it is one that must be pointed out and must be raised."CD11: Goehring wants to thin ‘liberal’ herd
By Lisa Vorderbrueggen
Tuesday, May 11th, 2010 at 1:41 pm in 2010 election, congressional district 11.
Congressional District 11 GOP candidate Brad Goehring is drawing fire for his confrontational Facebook statement today:
“If I could issue hunting permits, I would officially declare today opening day for liberals. The season would extend through November 2 and have no limits on how many taken as we desperately need to “thin” the herd.”
Check out all the comments; 57 when I looked a few minutes ago. (Sorry, the post has been deleted. I have a screen shot of it and I’m working to figure out how to post the image on the blog. LAV 3:23 p.m. Screen shot posted below. LAV 4:08 p.m.)
Okay, I doubt Goehring is seriously advocating that conservatives load up and shoot liberals with actual bullets. He later posts a response, “I intended to include the wording ‘we would use votes and not bullets’ (but) hit the share button by accident before I finished and decided to leave it, thinking it would not be taken in a literal sense. I’m sorry if I confused anyone.”
But really, it’s a poor joke.
It is an unnecessarily antagonistic statement that displays a lack of respect for people with differing political viewpoints from a man who wants to represent a district evenly split between Republicans and Democrats.
[You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.]
Pingback: Friday Watercooler: Gay Kiss-in and more Newsweek fallout | News Story on 365gay.com()
Pingback: Repeating Itself « Topical Limerick a Day()
Pingback: Incidentally « Dispatches from the Republic of Letters()
Pingback: Irregular Times » Blog Archive » If I Could, I’d Get My Friends and Hunt Down Every Republican I Know()
Pingback: The WAWG Blog Blog Archive » Bad Deeds for 5/12/2010()Talk to a lighting specialist
call 1 (888) 455-2800
Weekdays 8am-7pm EST Wall/Bath Light Fixture, Alexandria Collection, Two Tone Nickel
SKU: 40011-773 | Ordering Code: 40011-773
Two-Light Wall/Bath Light Fixture, Sussex Collection, Brushed Nickel
SKU: 44061-962 | Ordering Code: 44061-962
Single-Light Mini-Pendant Fixture, Hanging Globe Collection, White
SKU: 6024-15 | Ordering Code: 6024-15
Two-Light Wall/Bath Light Fixture, Alexandria Collection, Two Tone Nickel
SKU: 40010-773 | Ordering Code: 40010-773
Receive special offers and information from Bulbs.com..
Ron & Connie DeSpain from Tucson, AZ
Dear Devin,
Once again we would like to "Thank" you and your staff for the excellent service we get every time we come there, that is the reason we do!
Also most of all we would like to thank Brad White, Service Manager for his professionalism and courtesy he has shown us. He takes the time to really help and answer all your questions. Just like the motor home we recently purchased we didn't know a darn thing about it when the service department was done with the repairs, Brad called us when it was time to pick it up and then took the time to explain everything to us. Also with the terrible time with our fifth wheel his compassion went above and beyond. And last but not least Larry Lind was also a great help in service. You have a great staff in your service department and they need a Gold Star!!
Benito Ramirez from Surprise, AZ
AJ,
Yes, thank you. We are in contact with the dealership in preperation for the fix.
We enjoyed having you,Chris and Keith be a part of what we feel will be a great next chapter in our lives. Its not just about getting a great RV at a great price - its about getting one from a dealership that has great customer service - that is Freedom RV!
Thank you again,
Benito, Laura, BJ, Yvonne, Angel & Sarina Ramirez
Surprise AZ
P.S.: We've returned from our first 2000 mile trip and the Passport worked great!
Howard & Connie Moffitt and Harlan & Delores Stutzman from Tucson, AZ
Dear Devin,
This is a letter of appreciation for the help and assistance we received from your personnel during March 2009. The work on both of our motorhomes was professionally accomplished, but more importantly the customer service attitude of everyone was outstanding. At the risk of leaving someone out, we would specifically like to thank Rick Malott, Darrell Sexton and Brad White for their efforts and attention to detail. Likewise, Julie in parts, now as she has been in the past, was extremely cooperative and helpful. RV technicians John, Darrel, Jason and Aaron were all resourceful, talented individuals who take pride in the quality of their workmanship. Lastly and not part of thei normal duties, we would like to thank Janet, Victor, Brad (again). Out thanks to Casey, who kept watch over us and your facilities at night.
The professionalism, pride in work and the outstanding customer service attitude by literally everyone is far beyond that normally encountered in RV dealerships. Thanks to Freedom RV and the outstanding people we encountered there.
Sincerely,
Howard and Connie;
Harlan and DeloresThe Week in Crazy: Get Your Coulter, Limbaugh, Trump Fix Here watch @vanillaice is on it now."
-- Palm Beach blowhard Rush Limbaugh called the president "Barack Hussein Kardashian."
Rednecks everywhere are now furiously Googling Kourtney and Kim.
-- Fellow Palm Beacher Ann Coulter called Mitt Romney "The Midas Touch Man," raising questions about what exactly he's touching.
And finally, Donald Trump got trumped on Twitter:
>Printable Format
TWD Inc. will provide the Navy with a broad range of IT services under a $121 million SeaPort-e Task Order, the largest unrestricted task order in the company’s history, according to its Oct. 17 announcement.
The Naval Sea Systems Command task order calls for TWD, a mid-size communications company in Arlington, Va., to work directly with the Command Information Office and provide enterprise IT services and support.
Under the terms of the agreement, TWD and its team will support the command in critical areas including, but not limited to, network architecture and design, systems management and virtualization, IP and PBX telecommunications.Dead Space 3.
With the Earth’s government in poor shape, fanatical Unitologist group meddling with those deadly Marker artifacts, and series hero Isaac Clarke doing his best impression of a stereotypical down-out-and-outer by drinking alone in a darkly-lit flat, it’s fair to say things start off in a bad way. In more ways than one, actually; one of the first tastes of action pits Isaac against a score of human enemies and prompts you to take cover in some rather lived-in city streets and alleyways. It’s a weird but interesting opening for the game, providing good context for the series’ mythos but failing to make those new encounters all that fun to play. Human encounters occasionally crop up throughout, but it’s not too long after this introduction that Isaac’s back on board an infested vessel in space and floating passed debris to reach desolate substations. At its core, these are still the best parts unique to Dead Space, and immersing yourself in these far-out surroundings is as enjoyable and visually impressive as it’s ever been.
As you’d hope, this means a lot of the combat really revolves around the Necromorph, the likes of which are mostly remoulded from previous games with little change in behaviour. The series’ trademark of ‘strategic dismemberment’ still applies here, although the methods used to despatch the leagues of bugged-out freaks has changed in some fairly profound ways. Unlike before, Dead Space 3 limits you to holster two weapons at any time instead of the familiar four. To counterbalance any lack of suitable firepower this might otherwise bring about, a decently-tooled crafting system allows you to create and modify any two types of weapons you want with a variety of useful buffs and upgrades. Tweaking different sets of weapons and exchanging them at designated crafting benches scattered around the place lets you make use of multiple combat benefits with each gun. If you want to slow down a Necromorph’s movement speed before it rushes you, for instance, you can stick on specialised statis rounds to a fast-firing shotgun — or whatever — to do just that. It’s a fun system that evolves over time by letting you experiment with different margins of firepower to suit your own playstyle.
Resourcing the crafting system involves picking up various bits and bobs like semiconductors and transducers, and you’re also able to sent out scavenger bots at chosen locations to roll off and net materials to later be recovered at a crafting bench. If you really wanted to, you could always throw some real-world resources (i.e. actual money) in the direction of EA in order to instantly gain such materials at the point of purchase, but that’s something you just have to decide for yourself. Initially, crafting doesn’t come easy as there’s not often a lot of resources to make use of, but eventually you’ll find yourself brimming with more goods to craft than you might know what to do with, rendering all that real-world spending rather moot.
While the action side of Dead Space 3 remains dutifully fun and engaging, it fails to secure a sense of character for itself, and does so largely at the expense of a rather laborious pace to boot. It often feels like it’s straddling the line between the original’s more confined sense of place with the more balls-out flailings of its sequel. The problem is that neither of these elements are treated with the right due — the ice planet setting becomes increasingly more plain as the story progresses, and none of the cinematic trapdoors Isaac finds himself tumbling down are worthy of Dead Space 2’s glorious spectacle. Plus, the recurring ‘monster closet’ nature of the series is only exacerbated in 3, practically to the point where you can set your watch to the moment when a Necromorph will pounce from the shadows as if it was never expecting you to know it was coming. It’s not always a mood killer though, as blasting away a slasher’s legs and stomping its fleshy face into mush tends to offset any lack of real tension or surprise with slushy parades of sheer violence.
Alongside reams of collectible audio logs and the like, optional side missions can be taken on from time to time. However, they’re hardly worth-while, offering little more than some resource pittance in exchange for padded-out filler and dull combat scenarios. Online co-operative play also features (replacing the previous game’s adversarial multiplayer), allowing the second party to play as new addition Carver, whose motivations appear entirely one-note unless you delve into some co-op only missions to get some backstory on the guy. Seeing as how it allows you to swap resources and weapons with a partner, making ends meat with a buddy isn’t necessarily a bad way to experience the game, but it’s certainly not essential by any means.
Misfires.
This review is based on a PlayStation 3 copy provided by EA.
Have you downloaded the latest issue from GamerZines yet? Check it out here!
Leave your response! - Not Providing warranty services
Posted on Sunday, July 14th, 2013 at 8:25am CDT by SHRESHTHA S.
Product: HP PAVILLION 7012
Company: HP
Location: IN
URL: www8.hp.com
Category: Computers, Software
There was a white line being displayed on my laptop, so I called hp customer care for the correction of the problem, within the warranty period. Their engineer visited and told me that I should also lodge a case for accidental damage as their was a small scratch on the panel, so that it too would be corrected and then handed me over the receipt and said he would come back for the same with the requirements for correction. Neither the case was lodged for accidental claim nor he visited. When I called after a week and inquired about it they told that ,as now your validity period has expired, your complaint has been cancelled. My complaint no is : 4703664090Drivers urged to put brakes on road toll
The New South Wales Police commissioner says it's no accident that new move-on powers are being introduced in time for this weekend's football grand finals. In the Sunshine State the Queensland Premier is considering easing some of her tough restrictions on late-night revellers.File image: ABC TV.Engraved Photo Jewelry
Engraved photo jewelry with your favorite photo / picture engraved on the piece you select. You can you a photo of your dog, horse, cat, friend, family anything you want. Makes a great gift!
1
Engrave your favorite image right on a custom piece of jewelry. Add engraved text for a more personalized piece.What kind of different sales models can you think of when it comes to games? There are those free-to-play titles that depend on you to purchase in-game items, while freemium titles are free to download, but your progress more or less grinds to a halt when you do not make any purchases to move forward. Other than that, there is the option to purchase a game outright from the get go for a certain sum of money, and you have everything in there required to complete it at your own pace. Well, Crossfire from Tencent took the free-to-play route, and it pulled in nearly $1 billion in 2013 alone.
This particular shooter’s achievement means that it has overtaken two behemoths in our era – League of Legends and World of Warcraft in terms of revenue in 2013 alone, at least according to Super Data Research. Raking in $950 million in total, it is surely worth checking out if you are interested to see what all the fuss is about. As for the rest of the Top 10 most popular free-to-play titles, they hail from the likes of Riot Games, Nexon, Electronic Arts and Blizzard. What are some of the free-to-play titles that you have given a go in the past, and fell head over heels in love with?
Filed in superdataresearch.. Source:DCABDA panel: "Black Deaf College Student Leadership"
Date and Time:
14 February 2014
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM
Location:
Jordan Student Academic Center (JSAC) - Multipurpose Room
Description:
The D.C. Area Black Deaf Advocates (DCABDA) organization is hosting a series of events in February in celebration of Black History Month.
Panel: Black Deaf College Student Leadership
Moderators: Gary Hall, Jr., president of the Black Deaf Student Union and Michai Hanley, president of Sisters of Color
Posted by:
Lindsay DunnPedestal Lecterns & Podiums
We sell pedestal lecterns & podiums. Our 322 Pedestal Lectern has wood finish laminate. The 346 Classic Speaker Stand has black hardwood with cherry laminate. The 348 Lectern can have optional laser logo. Our podiums & lecterns are available with several wood finishes: natural and medium oak, walnut and oak laminate, black hardwood, cherry laminate, and maple. Send in for no obligation price quote today.Mones S. Abu-Asab0000-0002-4047-1232
Mones S. Abu‐Asab holds a Ph.D. degree in phylogenetic systematics from Ohio University, Athens, OH, USA. He serves as a Senior Scientist at the National Eye Institute (NEI) of the National Institute of Health (NIH) in Bethesda, MD, USA. Before joining NEI in October 2011, he had worked at the Laboratory of Pathology of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) since 1998. Additionally, Abu‐Asab has taught at Birzeit University (Palestinian West Bank, Birzeit, Palestine) and worked on phylogenetic analysis at the Smithsonian Institution (Washington, DC, USA), vaccine analysis at Water Reed Army Institute of Research (Silver Spring, MD, USA), database management at IBM, and ultrastructural pathology at the George Washington University (Washington, DC, USA). In his current position, Dr. Abu‐Asab works on clinical ultrastructural pathology as well as research. His record of publication is diverse and includes papers and book chapters on bioinformatics, systematics, tumor biology, virology, nerve pathology, traditional medical systems, and global warming. His 2001 publication on global warming prompted the advancement by a week of the famous Cherry Blossoms Festival in Washington, DC, USA. Most recently, he has been advocating the application of phylogenetic analysis to high‐throughput omics data in biomedical research. Abu‐Asab has been publishing on the topic, since 2006. His analyses have shown that parsimony phylogenetics is a multidimensional tool that can be utilized for disease modeling, profiling, subtyping, and biomarker discovery.
Biography Updated on 17 December 2013
Scholarly Contributions [Data Provided by
]
You know those high-speed cameras used to film mesmerizing ultra slo-mo videos? They're downright slow compared to this one developed by researchers from The University of Tokyo and Keio University in Japan. The 12-man science team has just revealed an extremely speedy camera that can take pictures of chemical reactions (in burst mode, as those are impossible to capture in a single shot) at 450 x 450 pixels. It's called the Sequentially Timed All-optical Mapping Photography or STAMP cam, and it can capture consecutive images at a rate of one per every one-trillionth of a second. To note, other high-speed cameras capture one image per every one-billionth of a second. The device is supposed to be 1,000 times faster than comparable models and has even managed to snap a picture of heat conduction (a process that takes, oh, 1/6th the speed of light) during a test.
Its potential applications are pretty limited at this point, since the current prototype's humongous at one square meter in size. STAMP's creators aim to shrink it down in the future, though that might take time, seeing as it took them three years to get to this point. If and when they do succeed, the camera could be used in medicine to advance ultrasonic therapy and to better understand laser processing in the production of cars and semi-conductors. Wondering how STAMP can take multiple pictures in a very, very short amount of time? According to the team's paper recently published in Nature:
The principle of this method -- 'motion picture femtophotography' -- is all-optical mapping of the target's time-varying spatial profile onto a burst stream of sequentially timed photographs with spatial and temporal dispersion.
If you'd like to savor every technical detail on how STAMP works, though, make sure to head over to the journal for a longer read.
[Image credit: The University of Tokyo]What does BRIG stand for?
What does BRIG mean? This page is about the various possible meanings of the acronym, abbreviation, shorthand or slang term: BRIG.
We've found a total of 2 definitions for BRIG:
Filter by: Sort by:PopularityAlphabeticallyCategory
What does BRIG mean?
- brig(noun)
- two-masted sailing vessel square-rigged on both masts
see more on Definitions.net »
Still can't find the acronym definition you were looking for? Use our Power Search technology to look for more unique definitions from across the web!
"BRIG." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.If you're interested in Android netbooks, Skytone has got you covered. They're pricing the Skytone Alpha 680, the world's first Android netbook, at $250 which is well, just okay. The Skytone Alpha 680 has a pretty unique design that mashes up a tablet and a netbook--though you get the usefulness of a touchscreen, you'll still be limited by the netbook.
In the video, some apps are showcased and they're a lot better than expected. However, don't go on expecting amazing multitasking from this relatively underwhelming machine. To remind you of the Alpha 680's specs:
- ARM11 533MHz processor
- 1GB storage (4GB max)
- 128MB RAM (256MB max)
Yeah, we're meh-ing this one for now. What about you guys?
Check out part two of the video hands-on after the breakAuberge du Val Guest House
Auberge du Val literally means the Inn in the Valley. Set in three acres of beautifully maintained gardens with a trout stream at the bottom and a woodland in which to roam, this 19th century building oozes charm and prettiness.
The decor is cosily traditional and offers everything one needs for a comfortable few days on the island, including a warm welcome by the owners.
Please contact us for a quote
Features
- Open all year
- 9 bedrooms
- Large gardens
- Parking
- Free WiFi
Accommodation
All rooms are en-suite and equipped with television, telephone, tea & coffee facilities, central heating and free WiFi.
Restaurant & Bars
The restaurant and bar is popular with locals and serves lunch and dinner as well as Sunday lunch. Fresh local produce is always favoured, including herbs from the garden and freshly caught fish.
Local area
Auberge du Val is located in the rural parish of St. Saviour, close to the west coast of Guernsey. There is a 12th century church, a fort, German Tunnels and much more to explore, take time to plan your excursions.
Accessibility
There is no disabled access.
Check In / Out
12 pm / 11.30 amTony Firriolo/MLB Photos via Getty Images(ATLANTA) — The Atlanta Braves will be without one of their best power hitters for the next couple weeks as the team placed catcher Evan Gattis on the 15-day disabled list after a recent MRI revealed a bulging thoracic disk.
The Braves did not go into further detail on the severity of the injury.
The 27-year-old Gattis was in his first season as the team’s full-time catcher after replacing longtime catcher Brian McCann. He’s proved he’s more than capable of replacing McCann’s offense, as he’s hitting .290 with 16 home runs and 39 RBIs in 63 games this season.
Meanwhile McCann is struggling in his first season with the New York Yankees, as he’s hitting .221 with nine home runs and 36 RBIs.
To replace Gattis, the team will turn to veteran Gerald Laird, who’s hitting just .222 this season.
The Braves will need to get Gattis’ back in the lineup as soon as possible, as the team is 29th in Major League Baseball in runs scored.
Follow @ABCNewsRadioBSA Majestic Binocular with Case - 10x42mm Black
Product Number: OSMB10X42
Availability: In stock
- Details & SpecsReviewsQuestions
These 10x42 Majestic Binoculars from BSA Optics come with a carrying case to keep them protected during travel or in inclement weather. These binoculars are the perfect solution for both hunters and nature enthusiasts, designed to deliver premium-quality image clarity and strong magnification.
If you are looking for a top-quality pair of outdoor binoculars, look no further than these 10x42 Majestic Binoculars from BSA Optics. With an impressive 10x magnification range and a large 42mm objective lens diameter, these binoculars are a must-have for quick and easy target acquisition.11With a focus on the future, the organization is set to unveil a video conferencing platform.
The Global Market Development Center (GMDC) built its reputation on the concept of connectivity. Now as consumers’ purchasing habits become more influenced by digital means, the Colorado Springs, Colo.-based organization is helping its industry members address this transition through its own digital innovation. Set to premiere at its annual conference next month, the video conferencing technology will take GMDC’s face-to-face meetings to a new level, enabling retailer and supplier members to digitally connect with more decision-makers than ever before, say association officials.
GMDC’s long-time mission has been to enable the growth of retail and wholesale general merchandise and health beauty wellness categories through the use of collaboration, productivity and knowledge. When the group was ready to create even more value to its membership, it went straight to the source.
“Our members told us we do a great job, but now we need to enhance it,” says Mark Ciccone, the association’s executive director of innovation. “The key word that best describes us is connectivity. Now we are working to enhance our core competency with the addition of new things.”
A major catalyst of this change is the new pressures retail members are facing. Specifically, they are watching consumers’ paths of purchase take new directions due to their immediate access to digital solutions that aid in the shopping experience—pre-purchase, at the shelf and post-purchase.
Today’s shoppers use laptops, tablets and smartphones to educate themselves about merchandise before visiting their favorite supermarket. Personal mobile technologies enable consumers to do price comparisons and evaluate product through online shopper reviews and social media allows them to share their experience via social media networks, such as Twitter and Facebook—all aspects that influence brand perception. This is especially evident as they shop the general merchandise, health, beauty and wellness categories.
“The path to purchase in these areas is profoundly digitally influenced,” Ciccone says. “Whether it is before they enter the store, while in the aisle, or post-purchase, they are using mobile solutions to look for information and they use social media to educate themselves. In fact, we are watching up to 15% of some general merchandise category purchases moving online. It is our job to understand what retailers can do to drive this traffic back through the brick-and-mortar environment and help our retailers achieve this goal.”
The other factor influencing GMDC’s new direction is the impact of the economy on the trade show industry. “Many companies are navigating with downsized teams, which causes less direct interactivity at trade show events,” explains Dave McConnell, president and CEO of GMDC. “This is pushing us harder to connect all of the right people on the supply side.”
The most efficient way to achieve this is to use technology as an enabler. In fact, technology solutions become even more paramount as the next generation of GMDC members continue to tap the organization. “This group is into technology and wants us to exploit it as much as possible,” Ciccone says.
New service initiatives
In addition to this group’s motivation, McConnell agrees that the only way to stay innovative is to find new ways to deliver service. “We are looking at what the industry is lacking and what we can offer that will differentiate ourselves and still successfully facilitate connectivity, collaboration and partnerships on different levels,” McConnell says.
To support these efforts, McConnell appointed a new board to uncover opportunities for GMDC’s members. Called the President’s Innovation Network, the group is comprised of six members, all industry executives and GMDC members representing retailers, manufacturers and the trade show industries. The team suggests new innovative concepts and directions that GMDC might pursue, ensuring that GMDC is delivering programs that truly will facilitate change that benefits the organization and its members.
More specifically, this group is heavily focused on the capacity and capabilities of innovation. Their goal is to evaluate concepts that can expand connectivity among members and to other thought leaders inside and outside the industry.
The group expects to apply its research and up the connectivity ante by reinventing the trade show. In an era when attendance is down due to retailers’ razor thin travel budgets and smaller staff sizes due to downsizing, trade shows industry-wide are looking for new concepts to appeal to a wider audience. GMDC sponsors two conferences a year, each lasting four days. “Our members tell us that these are the most productive eight days of business they have a year,” Ciccone reports.
As more retailers need to contain travel costs, not all buyers and decision-makers can make it to the annual show, leaving holes and missed opportunities in general merchandise, health, beauty and wellness category decisions. By focusing on a new, highly immersive video platform called Telepresence, association officials say they are striving to change the tide. GMDC is working with a technology partner, which will be announced shortly, to create an online, two-dimensional virtual platform that connects executives in multiple locations and allows them to continue collaborative conversations centered around buying decisions, education or other value-added events.
While the concept resembles what many individuals already experience through Skype or FaceTime, Ciccone expects Telepresence’s high-resolution platform to raise the bar even higher. “Skype is good, but it is low resolution and typically it is a small screen execution,” he explains. “Telepresence is not only high-definition, but users in different locations feel like they are in the same room together. There is also no latency or lag time, making it an immersive experience.”
GMDC officials plan to pilot the Telepresence concept at its annual General Merchandise Marketing Conference, in Orlando, next month. Here, GMDC will use the platform to present “The Path to Purchase” session, as well as on the Showcase floor to connect retailers and wholesalers during supplier meetings. “If we can expose more suppliers and retailers through Telepresence, we are enhancing connectivity,” Ciccone says. “We expect this to support collaboration among both groups and create more meaningful, efficient discussions.” He says GMDC plans to add this “hybrid concept” to other events going forward.
Beyond meetings, GMDC is exploring how to apply Telepresence to educational platforms, roundtables and partner events. This will involve new content to include an emphasis, for example, on teaching members about path to purchase. GMDC is also exploring how to use the video conferencing platform to launch hybrid, or virtual conferences where all participation and sessions will occur over the platform—a cost-efficient opportunity for both the organization, and its members.
“GMDC’s overall goal is to connect members in the most meaningful way every day,” Ciccone adds. “This is the future of connectivity, and technology is the enabler.”.
Tonight is the night! Country 107.7, WGNA-FM presents Keith Urban's "Get Closer" Tour with special guest Jake Owen, 7:30pm at the Times Union Center.
Country 107.7, WGNA-FM is your official station presenting the Keith Urban "Get Closer" Tour with Special Guest Jake Owen on Saturday night July 16th at the TU Center in Albany.
We will be hooking our awesome listeners up with 107 pairs of tickets to WGNA Countryfest 2011 on July 9th at the Altamont Fairgrounds!.
All of us here and I'm sure the fans of country star Chris Cagle wish him well. WGNA received word from Chris Cagle's management that he will be physically unable to perform at this year's Countryfest 2011.
Sunny Sweeney is building a high profile country music career very quickly, in large part because of her singing and songwriting ability with a great personality to match..Hi, su, 2008-05-18 kello 12:11 +0200, Johann Cohen-Tanugi kirjoitti: > Great! I am onboard : wiki username JohannCohenTanugi > - review docstrings > - test examples > - write some? I have not developed any core numpy/scipy functions, but I > use python extensively at work. > - I am not a native English speaker, but I lived a good 6 years in the > U.S.A, so I can make do if needed. ;) > Sunday is perfect to start diving in... See you all "there". Welcome aboard. I added you to the EditorGroup in the wiki, so you can edit pages now. BR, PauliMAKER MEDIA CNC MACHINING PROJECT CONTEST
OFFICIAL RULES
Important: Please read these Official Rules (“Rules”) before entering the CNC Milling Project’s decisions and interpretations of the Rules are final and binding in all matters related to the Contest.
1. SPONSOR: The Contest is sponsored by Maker Media, Inc., 1005 Gravenstein Hwy North, Sebastopol, CA 95472.
2. ELIGIBILITY: This Contest is open to individuals, or groups comprised of individuals, who are 18 or older as of the time of the Application. The following are not eligible to submit or participate in any group submitting an Application: (a) individuals under 18 years of age; (b) employees of Maker Media, Inc. or any of its affiliates; .”)
3. CONTEST DESCRIPTION: Eligible persons or groups who want to participate in the Contest must submit an application using the form available at (“Application”). In the Application, prospective participants in the Contest (“Applicants,” or “You”) will describe a project for using a CNC mill or router, using text, drawings, designs, video or any other media. Make will review the Applications and select the winner based on originality of ideas, innovation in the use of technology, and the quality and reproducibility of the project build instructions. The winner will receive a $200 coupon to spend at the Maker Shed, coverage of their project on makezine.com.
4. ENTRY PERIOD: The period for submission of Applications opens at 6:01am. PST on Monday, March 17, 2014, and ends at 11:59 p.m. PST on Monday, March24, 2014 (“Entry Period”). Entries received before the Entry Period will not be considered unless they are re-submitted during the Entry Period. Entries received after the Entry Period will not be considered.
5. ENTRY DETAILS AND REQUIREMENTS: Applications must be submitted online at. Each Application must include: (a) an entry form, including name, email address, and phone number; (b) a description (in written and visual form) of the. Only one application may be submitted by each group or individual. Entries will not be returned. KEEP A COPY OR THE ORIGINAL OF EACH ELEMENT OF YOUR APPLICATION AND ANYTHING SUBMITTED WITH YOUR APPLICATION.
6. JUDGING: All eligible Applications will be judged by a panel of Make: Magazine editors using the following criteria: originality of idea, use of technology, and the quality of the project build instructions.
7. WINNER SELECTION: The winner will be announced via the MAKE: blog at makezine.com on Friday March 28, 2014, and will be notified via email or phone as well.
8. PRIZE: The winner will receive a $200 coupon to spend at the Maker Shed ($200 retail value) and coverage of their project on makezine.com (priceless).
9. WINNER NOTIFICATION AND VERIFICATION: The winner will be notified on Friday, March 28,.
10. RIGHTS IN SUBMITTED APPLICATIONS: All Applications and any materials submitted with such Applications will become the sole property of Make..
11. CERTIFICATION OF ORIGINALITY OF IDEAS AND PROJECTS; INDEMNIFICATION: By submitting an Application, You warrant and represent that: (1) any project for the connected home is your original design, (2) no other person or entity other than those disclosed in the Application has any right to its contents or any component of the Application, and (3) your submission of the Application does not breach or violate any obligation, contractual or otherwise, that You have to any third party. You hereby agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Make from and against any claim that arises from your breach of any of the foregoing representations.
12..
13. GENERAL LIABILITY RELEASE. BY SUBMITTING AN APPLICATION, YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE NOT ENTITLED TO RECOVER ANY DAMAGES OR PROVISIONAL RELIEF FROM MAKE IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTEST. By entering the Contest, submitting an Application, and/or accepting a prize, you agree to release Make.
14. FILM, PHOTOGRAPH, RECORDING AND PUBLICITY RELEASE. Except where prohibited by law, by submitting an Application, you authorize Make and its agents, to use your name, likeness, and all Application submission materials, and/or prize information, in any and all media without territorial or time limitation, for any advertising, promotional, or any other purpose without further compensation to, or permission from you.
15. GENERAL CONDITIONS: Make Makes’.
16..
0 Responses to CNC Week Contest Rules5 Tips for Punching Writer's Block in the Face
People frequently ask me for writing advice, because professional writing is as fiercely competitive as it is desired, because they mistake me for the respected poet by the same name, or possibly just because the world is not a fair place and the God of Words wants them to fail in the most extravagant and embarrassing way possible. What these people are most concerned about, judging by the sheer number of requests, is really just one thing: "How do I get past this accursed writer's block?" While I may not be the right authority to help you with quality writing, I can sure as hell help you with quantity. If your muse is currently giving you the Kato Kaelin treatment, maybe try some of these handy tips and get that lazy wad off the couch and working again.
#5. Know What You Write
Jupiterimages/BananaStock/Getty Images
The old saying is "write what you know," and that's sound advice. As a caveat, I once advocated that you should only "write what you know" if what you know is interesting, novel, or worthwhile. Don't bother writing it down if "what you know" is how to masturbate to reruns of Everybody Loves Raymond. I've got that down pat, thank you very much. Perhaps better advice would be "know what you write." Between my full-time job and my books, I straddle the line between fiction and non-fiction daily. I also interact with a lot of new writers in each genre, and I see a strange sentiment being echoed by both. The non-fiction writers all seem to think they can write fiction easily, because it's not as research-intensive. And the fiction writers generally think they couldn't possibly write non-fiction, because they'd spend too much time researching and not enough time writing. To which I can only say: "You're both assholes, hypothetical people whom I've just invented."
Does.
My last novel took place in a dystopian city located entirely within a gargantuan skyscraper -- obviously I didn't have the funds to visit Dr. Doom's Terror Tower in person to take notes, so I had to make that shit up. But first, I looked up building techniques for mega-structures and I browsed thousands of pictures of crowded Chinese apartment towers and South African skyscraper projects. When it came time to write, I wasn't staring at a blank page and panicking; I was just staring at the collective misery of our species and exploiting it for my own uses.
And that's what writing is all about!
#4. Accept That You're Going to Write Garbage
Jupiterimages/Photos.com/Getty Images
You're a terrible writer.
But that's OK, because so is everybody else. There's no such thing as a great writer; there are only terrible writers with great ideas and the patience to hammer them into shape. Vonnegut once said there were two types of writers: swoopers and bashers. Swoopers vomit everything down on the page, then edit, edit, and re-edit until it starts to look like coherent language. Bashers work sentence by sentence, only moving on when it's perfect. Most new writers think there's a third category that Vonnegut forgot: the beautiful fucking Disney princesses of the literary world, who lightly kiss the page once and fully formed masterpieces spring forth.
Ablestock.com/AbleStock.com/Getty Images
Pictured: The entire editing process.
Vonnegut didn't mention the princesses, because they don't exist.
Both swoopers and bashers have one thing in common: agony. They agonize over the work again and again and again, until they get it right. Whether you do it sentence by sentence or revisit the whole thing at the end makes no difference. You need something down -- anything, even just a single word -- that you can refine. Writer's block comes from the panic of potentiality: There's too much you can do, so you do nothing. Push that thought out of your head and put something down on paper that you know, as a fact, is going to be garbage. Whether that's a terrible chapter full of hackneyed twists and cliched dialogue, a single sentence with six adverbs and zero nouns, or the lone word "dongasm" in all capitals followed by four exclamation points and a 1 -- just give yourself permission to fuck right and thoroughly up. You have all the time in the world to fix it. You're not turning each letter into the English Warden when you're done with it; you can always change things. And if it really sucks, you can always delete it before anybody sees, burn the keyboard that typed such heresy, and then get so drunk that you yell at the couch for judging you.
#3. Figure Out What You're Writing
BananaStock/BananaStock/Getty Images
This is the most intuitive and obvious advice possible, and yet occasionally it will surprise a new writer: Figure out what you want to write before it's time to write it.
Do you want to write the great American novel? That's way too goddamn broad.
Do you want to write a globe-trotting romance/adventure about a man falling in love while losing his faith ... while also fighting the ghost of his dead twin who's trying to solve the mystery of the Vatican? That's way too goddamn specific.
A few hundred thousand words is pretty much the limit for the modern novel. There are rare works that surpass that number and still function. There are even the occasional authors who pull it off routinely, like Neal Stephenson, who is apparently out to drown the world in his books to avenge some childhood slight. You are probably not Neal Stephenson, and if you are: Hi! Thanks for reading. I loved The Diamond Age. Would you like to get in my mysterious van for reasons unspecified at this time?
Comstock Images/Comstock/Getty
"It's not what you think! It's for a Little League tournament! OF RAPE!"
The reality is this: You only have between 100,000 and 200,000 words to tell a story. I know, when you're sitting there struggling with the first line, that seems like telling a fish flopping around in the bottom of the boat that there's only so much ocean in the world. But if you're having trouble starting, it might be because you didn't set down a place to start. If you want to write a moving literary novel, why not add a few words to that descriptor before setting out? If you want to write a paranormal sci-fi romantic legal thriller, try subtracting one or two of those terms before starting.
Because trust me, you do not have the space to encapsulate every nuance of the American zeitgeist with your touching classic about a man who orgasms fireworks. And you don't have space to write a genre-spanning masterwork that pulls the best elements from Jane Eyre, Catch-22, World War Z, Fifty Shades of Grey, and The Hurt Locker into the world's first rom-com-zom-dom-bomb.Time Machine (1982-2002)
The Windbreakers
Abre iTunes para escuchar un fragmento, comprar y descargar música.
Reseña de álbum.
Biografía
Se formó en: 1981
Género: Rock
Años de actividad: '80s, '90s, '00s
Top álbumes y canciones de The Windbreakers
- USD 9.99
- Géneros: Rock, Música, Alternativa para adultos, Alternativa, College rock, Pop
- Publicado: 10/06/2003
- ℗ 2003 Paisley PopWhat.
Tonight in inside baseball, The Huffington Post has published a guide for How to Write an Opinion Piece About Girls. I found this via Joanna Robinson at Pajiba — who you will note is a personal favorite in potentially inappropriate ways. Much of tonight’s column comes from her Pajiba Love column. I can’t hide that fact. She also found this awesome Allegory of Thrones piece over at Unreality Magazine that compares Game of Thrones characters to real political figures (The “always going on about climate change” line floored me). Then she dissed Fringe, which made me weep. I love that show. How could you, Joanna?
And.. we’re back. Badass Digest’s Devin Faraci, long being a fan of lists on the internet, has published a list of The Six Coolest Songs Referencing Marvel Comics Characters. Well, if you’re going to whore for hits, you might as well do it in an awesome way. That’s been my motto all along.
After 25-years of cuddling and making movies, Joel Silver and Warner Bros. are done professionally. This probably won’t impact you, the fan, in any way. But it’s worth noting.
Taste of Cinema has 16 Brilliant Movie Quotes from 16 Great Directors, which is sort of a lazy reader’s version of our own “6 Filmmaking Tips From…” series.
Fox Searchlight has released its poster for the Sundance darling Beasts of the Southern Wild. Our Kevin Kelly loved it up at Sundance back in January.
Jordan Hoffman went over to /Film to write a list of The Best Time Travel Movies You Probably Haven’t Seen. Although you shouldn’t read it, as it gives away some plot from a movie that has not yet been released. If I tell you what movie it is, then it gives it away. You’ll just have to trust me. It’s also a well-written list.
Flavorwire has a list of 10 Fictional Characters You Probably Didn’t Know Were Based on Real People. Unless you are the guy upon which Abed from Community is based. Then you probably already had your suspicions. Especially after they introduced the Dreamatorium. (Also, I knew the one about A League of Their Own… doesn’t everyone know about Jimmie Foxx?)
The Trost brothers, birthers of the strange phenomenon that is The FP, are working on The FP 2: Re-Nig. That’s a thing.
Pajiba presents 15 Things We Learned About Community from “Basic Lupine Urology,” also known as last night’s episode.
Badass Digest’s Devin Faraci has an interesting piece about how Marvel’s Kevin Feige Says Iron Man Is Like James Bond — You Can Change the Actor. This comes a day removed from me seeing The Avengers and deciding that I could watch Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark like, forever. You break my heart, Kevin Feige.
Is there too much nudity on Game of Thrones? The Washington Post’s Anna Holmes seems to think so. I fail to see her point.
We close tonight with The Muppets rendition of Bohemian Rhapsody. Because we can. And because Pajiba’s Dustin Rowles put together this nice list of the 5 Best Performances of “Bohemian Rhapsody,” none of which involve an actual Queen performance:
Don’t Forget…
You can now follow Movie News After Dark on Pinterest, a place where our FSR scavengers will pin awesome movie-related things to a board in the cloud. It’s very New Age, we assure you. Just click the button below.This deal has ended.
For a limited time, Netaya lowers these 0.5 Carat Total Weight Diamond Hoop Earrings from $289.99 to $158.99 to $79.49 with code CLSALE. These earrings feature a sterling silver setting, a diamond color of IJ, and a diamond clarity of I2-I3. USPS shipping is free and there is no sales tax (except NY).No longer available 9005 results Rollout: New Food Products for December 2008 New food products guaranteed to whet the appetite. Tyson Files Suit Against USDA On Chicken Label Tyson Foods Inc. has sued the U.S. Department of Agriculture over the company's antibiotic-free chicken label. Next >> | Display all results Displaying 26-50 of 9005 resultsLEXINGTON, Ky. (4/23/13) – University of Kentucky Athletics presented 24 honors at the 11th annual CATSPY Awards, held Monday at Memorial Coliseum to recognize athletic and academic performance during the 2012-13 year. With co-winners in some categories, a total of four teams and 18 individuals were recognized.
Gymnastics and Rifle were named Team of the Year for their achievements. The gymnastics team posted the program’s highest-ever NCAA Regional team score with a 195.575. Competing in the nation’s top gymnastics conference,.).Santa Barbara City College student Elliot Rodger allegedly went on a shooting spree last night, killing seven people in Isla Vista. He left behind a series of chilling videos about his hatred for women and his resentment that they weren’t sexually interested in him. Rodger was found dead in his BMW after the shooting ended.
As of 7 pm ET on Saturday, authorities have allegedly recovered three bodies from Rodgers’ apartment, and a 140-page manifesto called “My Twisted World” was delivered to a local news station.
UPDATE: As of 10 pm ET on Saturday, authorities have confirmed Rodger stabbed three people in his Isla Vista apartment before he began his shooting spree. Police recovered three guns and more than 400 rounds of ammunition from Rodger’s car. They said all the guns and ammo were purchased legally and registered to Rodger.
#UPDATE: We've received a troubling manifesto from suspected shooter Elliot Rodger. Titled "My Twisted World" 140 pgs pic.twitter.com/Z0QxWkMYEA— Joe Buttitta (@KEYTNC3Joe) May 24, 2014
UPDATE: Elliot Rodger’s entire manifesto is now available online.
3 bodies have been removed from the Isla Vista apartment of #ivshooting suspect Elliott Rodger. No word whether death toll has increased.— Paula Lopez (@KCOYPaula) May 24, 2014
Rodger left behind evidence of a life of privilege and wealth. His father, Peter Rodger, was the second unit director on the “Hunger Games” movie. On Facebook, Rodger chronicled his own attendance at the 2012 premiere. They lived in Calabasas, Calif., a wealthy area north of Los Angeles.
ABOVE: Rodger and his dad at the “Hunger Games” red carpet. SOURCE: Facebook
ABOVE Another photo from the premiere. SOURCE: Facebook
When he wasn’t making YouTube videos declaring his hatred for women, Rodger hiked around Southern California and took selfies in a number of luxury cars. (His final video was filmed in the same place where his body was later found.)
ABOVE: This December 2013 photo was tagged with “Damn I look good.” SOURCE: Facebook
He also enjoyed luxury vacations. In 2012, he took a first-class plane trip and a private limo ride to a private Katy Perry concert.
ABOVE: A photo captioned “Limo ride to the London airport” SOURCE: Facebook
ABOVE: “Meal on the plane to London” SOURCE: Facebook
ABOVE: A pass to a private Katy Perry concert. SOURCE: Facebook
ABOVE: A selfie of Elliot Rodger at the 2012 private Katy Perry concert. SOURCE: Facebook
Rodger had a younger brother and, seemingly, a good life at home. The family attorney has said Rodger was diagnosed with Asperger’s and was in treatment for it.
ABOVE: Elliot Rodger with his dad, Peter Rodger, and a younger brother whose face we’ve covered due to his age. SOURCE: Facebook
ABOVE: A Facebook photo Rodger posted with the caption “Christmas.” SOURCE: Facebook
Online, Rodger frequented body-building sites and pickup artist (PUA) forums. The website bodybuilding.com has already scrubbed all of Rodger’s posts, but the Internet is forever–Google cache reveals a post from a week ago where Rodger expresses incredulity at seeing “losers” like a “short, ugly Indian guy” in a Honda Civic (“an old model honda civic at that”) who has a girlfriend when he, with his BMW, does not.
ABOVE: A Google cache of a recent post Elliot Rodger made on bodybuilding.com.
Later in the thread, he says, “Well, I find it unjust that a white girl would choose him over me.”
This wasn’t his only racially charged comment found online. Rodger also made other racist comments on a misogynistic website.
Shooting rampages like this follow a pretty predictable pattern in the media: The outcries of “Well not all men are like this” and “just because he acted and spoke like a Men’s Rights Activist (MRA) doesn’t mean he was one” have already begun. Elliot Rodger left behind a dual life: One where he had every luxury and privilege, and bitterly resented that women were the only thing he felt entitled to that he couldn’t get his hands on. So, according to his manifesto, he wanted to kill them.
UPDATE You can read the manifesto below:Hyundai has launched its first LPG-electric hybrid compact saloon in South Korea.
The Elantra LPI can travel up to 11 miles using its lithium-ion polymer batteries alone. Hyundai is planning to sell 7500 units this year and double this amount next year.
Twitter - follow autocar.co.uk
Hyundai has spent three years and around £125 million developing the Elantra LPI. Prices will start in Korea at around 20 million Korean won (£10,000).
A petrol-electric Sonata hybrid will be launched by Hyundai next year in an attempt to keep pace with the recently launched Toyota Prius and Honda Insight.
Hyundai has no plans to export the Elantra LPI at the moment.
See all the latest Hyundai reviews, news and videoEditor’s note: This is an updating list of RSS (really simple syndiation) reader apps are useful for viewing and managing news feeds and other online content. The list, based on a search of the phrase "reader RSS" at TopAppCharts.com, includes free and paid apps for iPhone and iPad devices. TopAppCharts.com offers app rankings and descriptions.
Source: TopAppCharts.com.Dear Teresa, Well done. Could you please send the trascription of the interview with U Kyi Maung. Were you in Burma or was it telephone interview? All the best, Thin Myat Thu(Thida) Pilestredet 7 0180 Oslo Tel: + 47-22-41 41 43 Norway Fax: + 47-22-36 25 25 (Att: Thida) Visit DVB Web Page : <> Comments to : euburma@xxxxxxxxxMonday, August 22, 2011.
5 comments:
exlent posted, because i love my dog, itñ s a different way to do diferents things but how i can do my dog do those tricks, he obeys me, but i believe that my dog do it. In the other hand should begin to set the circuit and try it and see some video about dog´s training.
jose david - colombia
exelent, video, i love the dogs. i have a dog his name is troy. But i thinks that training it´s dificults with dog don´t have any trainin before. i think first i have to make circuits training, see some videos, patient and practice some day per week.
jose david - colombia
The video is so amazing. I can't believe your dog has not only followed your instructions but also accomplished all the actions so precisely. I had a dog about 25 years ago as well. It is total different from yours and had its own personality. Therefore it never followed my instructions. Besides it was very smart because it knew how to open the gate of the cage. When I was out, it always slipped out and slept on my bed. I really miss it until now.
I do believe one can train a doggy to do some tricks, because dog is a kind of obedient animal; But I really wanna know how to teach a cat to do that? I love cats, but you know cats are solitary and naughty, and the worse is when you want to see them, you even do not know where are they in your house!
Congratulations!!! I'd love if I could do the same with all of my 5 dogs heheAllThingsD has reported, and we have now confirmed, that OMERS Ventures, a Canada-based VC, has taken a $20-million investment in HootSuite, the social media management platform, with one estimate valuing the company at around .
The Vancouver-based company is expected to be making a formal announced at 5 AM PT today.
This deal is one of the largest secondary VC investments to take place in the Canadian market, and follows reports of another big secondary market investment in the social media space, Foursquare.
OMERS Ventures is the VC arm of the Ontario Municipal Employee Retirement System, one of the bigger pension funds in Canada.
Reuters is reporting that Blumberg is not among the VCs that have cashed out in the deal, and it’s not yet clear whether any of the existing VCs have been bought out.
And HootSuite CEO Ryan Holmes is also staying after the transaction: “Ryan Holmes remains committed to building a billion dollar company, and this new investment partnership marks a new milestone in reaching that goal,” the company said in an emailed statement to TechCrunch.
HootSuite currently has 140 employees and expects to bring that number.
We hope to be speaking to the company directly to get more details.Health Library
Health Resources
Health Connections
BayMed Plus Program
Smoking Cessation
Your body manufactures amino acids to build protein. Sometimes, though, your body can produce too much of a good thing. Studies suggest that high levels of the amino acid known as homocysteine (ho-mo-sist-een) can damage the heart’s arteries and lead to cardiac disease and blood clots that increase your risk of stroke and peripheral vascular disease.
A simple blood test can tell you whether your homocysteine levels are helping you or potentially harming you. Genetic factors and diet strongly influence homocysteine. Too much homocysteine can also be a result of thyroid problems, kidney disease, psoriasis, Alzheimer’s disease or some medications.
Folic acid and vitamins B6 and B12 seem to have the most beneficial effect on homocysteine levels—these substances help convert homocysteine into other amino acids so it doesn’t accumulate in the blood. However, more studies are needed before a direct link can be made between low homocysteine levels and a lower risk of heart disease and stroke. The American Heart Association (AHA) doesn’t yet consider high homocysteine a major cardiovascular disease risk factor. That said, the AHA does recommend that people who have high risk factors for heart disease increase their intake of folic acid and vitamins B6 and B12 in their diet.
Boost your intake of folic acid by eating more beans, lentils, oranges and leafy, green vegetables. Choose folic acid-enriched cereal, bread, rice and pasta. Good sources of vitamin B6 are proteins like chicken, pork and beef and foods like bananas, potatoes and chickpeas. Low-fat milk and cheeses, eggs, liver and beef are all good sources of vitamin B12.
If improving your diet doesn’t reduce your homocysteine levels, your healthcare provider may recommend you take folic acid and B vitamin supplements and check your level periodically.Login with Facebook
- One less password to remember
- Easily share with your friends
- We never post without your permission
Enjoying Life on Earth tells a story of a robot loving being on earth. This clever design utilises the tee color to make a unique silhouetted art piece. The robot dances with joy and you will too when you see this funny tee up close. Earth is great, life is good especially on this positive tee.
9 Comments
Yay! Congrats! :)
thanks idol. hehehe
nice! congrats!
yay 2nd print! Congrats!
Congrats!
Congrats Dude!
Congrats!
it’s truly something..i’ll wait for this. Congrats!
Thanks a lot guys.. (y)Australopithecus afarensis, of which AL-288-1* was a member, lived between 3.9-2.9 million years ago and was fairly adept at walking upright. Whilst not as good at being bipedal as later species, such as Homo sapiens, they could still walk well.
However, whilst their anatomy was adapted for upright walking, they still retained some characteristics that would also allow them to be good climbers. Their fingers, for example, are curved like a modern ape’s.
Thus the question arises – did they mostly climb or walk? Did they merely traverse between groups of trees, where they spent most of their time climbing, or did they only retreat into the canopy for safety from predators; or is there something else going on entirely?
These footprints were left behind by Au afarensis 3.5-3.5 mya. Just think about that.
New Scientist suggests a soon to be published paper may provide some answers to this mystery, although I’m not so sure.
The research in question focused on Guinea chimpanzees which were discovered to nest on the ground more frequently than other troupes had been recorded doing (14% of their nests were on the ground versus 5%). This would suggest that chimps will nest on the ground despite the fact they lack fire (for now) or other tools to fend of predators, which in turn opens up a range of options for Au. afarensis.
Might they too have nested on the ground? Could their tree climbing features merely be vestigial then? There’s a range of interesting possibilities here.
However, this train of thought – the one New Scientist seems to be taking – suffers from a fatal flaw which threatens to derail the whole thing: The jungle in which this group of chimps live has very few predators in it. Now, this makes sense; after all, why would the chimps be putting themselves in a more vulnerable position if there are things to exploit them? But it also means that applying this logic to Australopithecus is only valid if they too live in an environment with few predators.
Which doesn’t seem to be the case. Hominins, after all, were living on the increasingly open Savannah type environment. It would not have been a safe place for them, so camping out on the ground seems to be an unlikely option.
Some chimp groups have been seen to nest on the ground despite their being some predators in the area, but the frequency with which this happened is lower than the troupe studied (10% versus 14%).
Further, the citation for this figure is both in Dutch and under an embargo until November this year so I have no way of finding out how frequent predation is.
Even if it is more often than for the group under investigation, is it similar to what hominins were experiencing? If not then these findings still wouldn’t be applicable to them. At best this research suggests hominins would’ve slept on the ground prior to predator defeating technology if there were no predators.
But who said they were safe in trees?
So the implications for human evolution aren’t especially valid. So doesn’t this render the research useless?
Hardly, it’s an interesting paper that’s trying to answer a puzzling question in its own right: why do the chimps sleep on the ground? There are perfectly good trees for them to nest in nearby, it doesn’t make any sense.
One hypothesis was that it was a form of mate guarding – it is mostly males who sleep on the ground, perhaps they are doing it to protect their mates in the nearby trees from rivals.
However, this research uses a rather clever genetic trick (or at least I think it’s clever, but I know little about genetics so it might not be) to demonstrate that the chimps sleeping on the ground are closely related to those in the nearby trees.
As such, they wouldn’t be mating to the tree-dwelling chimps so the “mate guarding” hypothesis can be dismissed. And so the question of why they sleep up there remains.
It’s just one big happy family
That is, in my opinion, more interesting (and accurate) than the relevance of this study to human evolution. However, this angle is hidden by New Scientist’s focus on how this research pertains to hominins and the best part of the research lost.
Of course, it isn’t entirely their fault; the paper itself also tries to tie this work into human evolution. Quite why I do not know, the research is fascinating without trying to tart it up by linking in humans.
Take that away and you’re left with an interesting, creative paper. Unfortunately, we’re also left with two rather puzzling mysteries. How arboreal was Australopithecus and why aren’t these chimps sleeping in the trees?
————–
*I’m going to start calling Lucy Al-288-1 (unless I feel lazy). Hopefully after a little bit we’ll all remember the number and can feel that tiny bit superior to people who just call her Lucy.
Al-288-1, Al-288-1… Going to have to try to remember that, somehow. Al-288-1…
Hopefully it shouldn’t be too hard given it’s the only fossil classification I know. Random bunch of numbers appear on EvoAnth? Must be Lucy!Trail Endurance Roper Roping Stirrups 3 Inch Stirrup Saddle Repair Parts
NEW! 3 Roping Stirrups ! These are New very strong...Made with very Durable, molded polymer. They come with the attached safety foot grip pad. Sold in pairs and would be great on any saddle......made to fit up to a 3 inch stirrup leather. These... more
Find other Equestrian Clothing & Equipment...
Related Searches:
$29.95
eBay
Trail Endurance Barrel Bell Stirrups Stirrup Saddle 2.5 Rubber Grip
NEW! 2 1/2 Endurance Trail Stirrups !These are New very strong...Made with very Durable, molded polymer. They come with the attached safety foot grip pad. Sold in pairs and would be great on any saddle......made to fit up to a 2 1/2 inch stirrup... more
$15.95
Freejump Soft'up Pro Stirrups Black Brown One Size
Schneider Saddlery
$257.84
Noble Stallion
$29.99
Freejump Soft'up Pro Stirrups Red One Size
Shenandoah Aluminum Trail Stirrup, Black, 2 1/2
Aluminum Trail Stirrups Shenandoah Trail Stirrups provide extra support and comfort - especially for long rides. These stirrups are made with lightweight aluminum and feature shock absorbing treads for comfort and to prevent feet and ankles from tiring... more
$43.90
FREE shipping
Amazon.com
Shenandoah Aluminum Trail Stirrup, Brown, 2
$43.27
Shenandoah Aluminum Trail Stirrup, Brown, 2 1/2
$44.63
Leather Wrap Stirrups Black Western Trail Pleasure Barrel Stirrup Showman 5.5"
saddlesnstuff07 Store Leather wrap stirrups BLACK Western Trail Pleasure Barrel stirrup Showman 5.5" Search Brand new set of 5.5 leather covered laced western stirrups.Great quality.USE IT FOR BARREL RACING OR FOR SHOWS...SURE TO STEAL YOUR HEART!Neck:... more
$52.94
Plastic Stirrups Trail Endurance Horse Riding 2.5 Inch Neck Foam Pad Brown
Powered by Frooition Pro Shop Search Plastic Stirrups Trail Endurance Horse Riding 2.5 Inch Neck Foam Pad Brown Click here to view full size. Full Size Image Click to close full size. Item Description Brand new set of wide plastic endurance trail... more
Jr Plainsman Youth Saddle
$267.84
Henri De Rivel Light Weight Polymer Stirrups - 4.5
The Henri De Rivel Light Weight 4.5 Polymer Stirrups are traditional yet lightweight polymer stirrups by Henri De Rivel. These lightweight stirrups feature a wide track for maximum stability along with an added layer of neoprene for shock absorption. more
$24.95 $20.89
Rakuten.com Shopping
Compositi Premium Stirrup Pads - Size:04 Color:Red
Compositi Premium Stirrup Pads. The Compositi Premium Stirrup Pads are designed to fit the Compositi Premium Stirrup Irons. Great grip and a wide range of fantastic colors.. Compositi Premium Stirrup Pads offer: Wide footbase Great grip Fun color choice more
$11.95 $6.95
Compositi Colored Premium Stirrup Irons - Size:4 Color:Pink
The Compositi Colored Premium Stirrup Ironsis one of the Products of the Week for April 2013Listen to this Radio Testimonialbrought to you by Horse Radio Network and Equestrian Collections. Wider Foot Base For Great Support The Compositi Premium... more
$29.95 $26.96
King Series Lancaster Show and Trail Saddle with Silver Accents
Neoprene in-skirts for better comfort and fit Features padded sewn stirrups Comes with embossed floral pattern Rawhide covered tree saddle with D-rings Available in various colors and sizes more
$523.99
Walmart.com
$478.99
Western Poly Oversized Bell Stirrups
Western Poly Oversisized Bell Stirrups This stirrup features a rugged and durable hi-impact polymer that is extra wide and tall that makes it excellent for Packers and Ropers. For use with oversized boots. High density Polymer with mounting hardware.... more
$27.99 $20.99
Tough-1 Rawhide Roper Stirrups
Extra long 6 5/8" hand laced rawhide covered deep roper polymer stirrups with a 3" neck. Inside measures 5 1/2". more
$58.88 $36.37
Compositi Carbon Look Reflex Swivel Stirrup Irons... more
$72.99 $65.69
Abetta Arabian Comfort Trail Saddle 5-528598
The Abetta Arabian Comfort Trail features an extra thick super cushion seat on a quality Ralide Arabian tree with scratch resistant 1000 denier nylon over shock-absorbingfoam, long leather strings, extra tie down rings and ProTuff endurance stirrups.... more
$519.99
HorseLoverZ.com
Tough-1 Youth Endurance Trail Stirrups - 57-99525-2-0
A great choice for youth riders, the Tough-1 Youth Endurance Trail Stirrups boasts a lightweight metal frame with supple leather covering. These 4.5-inch deep shock absorbing stirrups with 2-inch neck cushion your feet for maximum comfort. Available in... more
$65.99 $44.99
Hayneedle
Tough-1 Youth Endurance Trail Stirrups Brown - 57-99525-7-0
Tough-1 Youth Endurance Trail Stirrups Black - 57-99525-2-0
Royal King Polymer Pony Stirrups- No Foot Pads 5-246188
Made of super tough polymer. 2'' neck with a 2'' tread. 4'' footbed inside to inside measurement, with a 4'' inside height. Stirrups no longer come with foot padsSize: Pony more
$9.50
Royal King Polymer Stirrups 5-246189
Made of super tough polymer. 2 1/2'' neck with a 2'' tread. Note: This stirrup does not come with the grip pad as shown in the stock photo.Size: Adult more
$12.70
Shenandoah Leather Covered Trail Stirrup
Trail Stirrups This Shenandoah Leather Covered Trail Stirrup is made of exceptional quality materials. If you purchase trail stirrups from us you can rest assured you will get a great product at discount pricing. These great stirrups provide an... more
$83.20
Stirrups Equestrian Cap - Life is Simpler on the Trail
Adult Cap - Life is Simpler on the Trail Color: Black Â Embroidered 100% cotton adult cap Â Adjustable Strap Â more
$17.99
The Stable Door, Inc.
Shenandoah Trail Stirrups - 2 inch Pair: Black
Shenandoah Trail Stirrups provide extra support and comfort - especially for long rides. These stirrups are made with lightweight aluminum and feature shock absorbing treads for comfort and to prevent feet and ankles from tiring quickly. Wide is 5 1/2... more
$45.95
KV Supply
Shenandoah Trail Stirrups - 3 inch Pair: Brown
Shenandoah Trail Stirrups provide extra support and comfort - especially for long rides. These stirrups are made with lightweight aluminum and feature shock absorbing treads for comfort and to prevent feet and ankles from tiring quickly. Wide enough to... more
Curved Aluminum Trail Stirrups
Classic Aluminum Stirrups This aluminum stirrup has a curve common to Australian safety stirrups. more
$43.99
Chick's Discount Saddlery
Shenandoah Trail Stirrups - 1 1/2 inch Pair: Brown
$42.95
Fast Forward Lightweight Black Aluminum Trail Stirrup
Lightweight, Strong, Comfortable! Fast Forward Wide Footbed Stirrup, perfect for the English trail rider, endurance rider, or Polo Player! A lightweight iron t more
$69.99
Tucker Ergo Balance Leather Covered Trail Glide Stirrups 241
"Ergo Balance Leather Covered Trail Glide� stirrups are made of lightweight anodized aluminum alloy and stainless steel hardware. The special angled nylon top bar helps place rider's feet in a level position for decreased knee and ankle fatigue. A... more
$97.95
Horse Saddle Shop
TrailMax Overshoe Stirrups Brown
The TrailMax Overshoe Stirrups are great for colder months when you need larger stirrups to accommodate insulated boots. These stirrups are molded from extremely strong and lightweight plastic. 3inch neck, 6inch wide tread.Manufacturer model #:... more
$19.95
Bass Pro Shops
Ads related to polymer trailCemoro Lawang (Gunung Bromo)
Trip Start May 05, 2008
1
83
119Trip End May 05, 2013
Map your own trip!
Map Options
Show trip route
Hide lines
The minibus journey was hectic. Our driver who could have been cast as the Indonesian Terminator, drove like a nutcase. At one point he almost ran down a whole family on a motor bike. We were glad to arrive safely at Probolingo. From Probolingo we had to wait around for an hour for a connection to CL. We arrived late at night but had no trouble finding cheap digs for the night
In Indonesia it seems that you have to pay an entry fee to almost everything, beaches, temples, volcanoes etc. Also you usually pay a small amount for motorbike parking. For this you may get a seat cover to keep it cool.
Check out some of the pictures to get an idea of the impressive scenery.
D&AIf you are looking for outdoor adventure, Santa Fe is a great destination from which to experience the outdoors. We have covered hiking and golfing in other sections of Experience Santa Fe but there are a myriad of other fresh-air sports and activities to get the adrenaline flowing.
As we are near the Rio Grande, whitewater river rafting is popular in the spring and summer. Nearby rivers such as the Pecos and Chama provide great opportunities for fly fishing. There are several outfitters in town that can handle all of the arrangements from lessons and gear to travel. If you are more comfortable on land, horse back riding in the Cerillos hills and mountain biking on the Dale Ball trails are available. Llama trekking in New Mexico’s wilderness and day hikes can also be arranged.
In the winter, snow skiing and snowboarding at Ski Santa Fe is just a 30-minute drive away. Here, you will find a good mix of beginner, intermediate and advanced runs suitable for all ages and skill levels. A little farther away are several additional ski areas including Pajarito Mountain (1 hour drive), Sipapu Ski Resort (90 minutes drive) and the famous Taos Ski Valley (two hours drive). Snowshoeing and cross-country skiing can be enjoyed at Valles Grande (1 hour) and the Enchanted Forest Cross Country and Snowshoe Area (2 ½ hours). Sleigh rides in the Valles Grande are also a very popular experience that you’ll long remember.
For those who want the thrill of flying, you can take a hot air balloon ride and experience the expansive views of Las Barrancas (the ravines) and the beautiful surrounding virgin land slightly north of Santa Fe. Soaring and glider rides through our incredible clear skies are also available for the aviation minded adventurers.I'm fairly new to this site and I've been doing research on something that's a step up from my M9, but also something that is fairly similar. At first, I was favoring the Xears XE200PRO, and than I saw the price tag at 89 euros (although I was also contemplating on whether I would get the Nature N3i instead). Now, I'm favoring other alternatives.
So far, FA Silver Bullets, FA Enterna, M1, PL50s, and E30s caught my attention. IEMs are not my expertise so I would appreciate some input on what would suit my needs. I mostly listen to Rap, R&B, some pop, jazz, and some alternative. So I'm favoring something with good, full bass, clear highs (for vocals), and exceptional mids (something I can also hear the instruments decently). That might be asking for alot on my budget ($30-70) but, help would be appreciated. There are so many selections that I'm pretty lost; Soundmagic, Xears, Brainwavs, Hippo, is some brands that I've come across as being branded very good.Seriously since I unlocked him I played alot of levels with gish. Basically everything that involves climbing. Sticky gish is just the best - makes me wanna pick up the indie title ;). So far I completed worls 1 with 100% and played though all the levels of 2 and 3. Now I'm going back to complete world 2 with 100%. Which characters do you guys like to play as?
Gish is the shit
- Forum Posts: 370
- Wiki Points: 1093
- Followed by: 11
- Reviews: 1 Lists: 1
From what I've played, I'm more a fan of meat boy but commander video has helped on some levels.
Commander Video drives me crazy, I cant stand his floatiness. But Meatboy is a little faster than gish.
- Forum Posts: 8020
- Wiki Points: 129749
- Followed by: 286
- Reviews: 0 Lists: 2
I hate Gish. He just sticks to the wall instead of sliding up.
Btw. this one bandage at level 18 i think, in teh first world, can u get it with another character than gish? Im already stoked to unlock some more characters.
@Valestis said:
" I mainly use Meat Boy and The Kid. Love that double jump. "
Yeah, come on everybody. Just use the kid like me and Valestis. It's not like he's mind-numbingly difficult to unlock or anything.
- Forum Posts: 3
- Wiki Points: 0
- Followed by: 0
- Reviews: 0 Lists: 0
I hate meat boy! Gish is my favourite so far. Dying to unlock N, soo may bandages though.
- Forum Posts: 5030
- Wiki Points: 40
- Followed by: 88
- Reviews: 0 Lists: 0
Commander Video controls horribly! Jill's pretty cool though, good for some of the trickier bandages.
I tried Alien Hominid, couldn't seem to activate whatever special ability he has.
- Forum Posts: 2496
- Wiki Points: 41
- Followed by: 36
- Reviews: 0 Lists: 2
Gish is shit.
- Forum Posts: 5282
- Wiki Points: 2
- Followed by: 97
- Reviews: 0 Lists: 6
Gish hasn't quite struck it with me, but Ogmo is where it's at. I don't have "The Kid" or anything like that yet, so Ogmo has been my go to for bandages and tricky jump stuff. Unfortunately his vertical wall jump is super shitty, but I always welcome a good double jump.
- Forum Posts: 97
- Wiki Points: 23
- Followed by: 4
- Reviews: 0 Lists: 4
Loving Kid definitely worth the effort for unlocking for some timed runs / warp zones, meat boy and Jill are my other go to ones for the time being
So I unlocked Jill and Alien Hominid. I think both are pretty usefull. I love how the characters are very usefull for certain circumstances. Alien hominid can shoot on the ground and gain leverage. Its the most easies pulled off, when u hold x and a pressed and then use the right trigger to shoot. Man my thumbfriggin hurts and I start to hitting a brick wall, dunno if i really unlock everything. Im on the 5th world now stuck on level 4 and I unlocked the light world stuff in world 2, but Im stuck on like level 4 in the dark world of world two (the propellerz). Man I dont know. Maybe I'm gonna hit couple youtube tuts.
Also can anyone tell me how to finish that 4th level in the last world?
- Forum Posts: 2490
- Wiki Points: 27814
- Followed by: 89
- Reviews: 9 Lists: 7
I can't seem to get a handle on Flywrench's triple jump. Sometimes he pops up like I expect, other times he just kinda sinks like a rock. Does it have something to do with momentum?
" @Lumley: I can't seem to get a handle on Flywrench's triple jump. Sometimes he pops up like I expect, other times he just kinda sinks like a rock. Does it have something to do with momentum? "You get the most out of your jump when Flywrench has completed his flapping animation. I can see him being useful, but he's so damn slow and floaty that I'll almost always take The Kid over him.
That said, Flywrench is a pretty sweet free indie game, and worth a download.
" Commander Video controls horribly! Jill's pretty cool though, good for some of the trickier bandages. I tried Alien Hominid, couldn't seem to activate whatever special ability he has. "You have to hold A and press X right after to get a really high jump you can also spam x to float down kind of like Jill but less powerfull
I come more and more to the conclusion that the game is not so much incredibly hard, but that you have to approach certain levels only with certain characters. Im loving it <3 :).
- Forum Posts: 35
- Wiki Points: 0
- Followed by: 1
- Reviews: 0 Lists: 2
I've found Tim to be incredibly handy in a lot of spots.
You can't get hurt while he's in his rewind animation, and if you double tap the button, he'll just say in place. It's really useful in a lot of the missile stages.
I love how I like my favorite secondary character for the lamest, sissiest reason possible.
Also, Spelunky seems neat, but I haven't really gotten to mess with him yet.
And, despite all the trouble I went through to get him, I'm really not too fond ofby ADAM GRUENEWALD
NYA Times
A church fundraiser in Watertown is becoming a cultural hot spot for and enjoying food, music and the company of friends while celebrating the German heritage.
The fifth annual Maifest, set for Sunday, May 19, expects to draw well over 1,000 people to St. Peter Lutheran Church, assuming the weather holds up.
Ron Guest, assistant manager of Harbor Wine and Spirits in Mound and the event’s founder, has been preparing for the event since the start of the year.
The Maifest first originated when Ron and his wife, Joan, who had recently joined the church, found out that fellow church members were seeking a unique event,
At first, fellow members were thinking of having their own Oktoberfest akin to the 16-day festival in Bavaria, Germany, and other festivals held in the United States, but they didn’t want to compete with other fall happenings.
“They were looking for an event to put their name on the map,” he said. “I said, let’s try a Maifest.”
Ron, a native of North Dakota and an area resident for over 20 years, had plenty of experience to bring to the table as he helped with similar events at Bayrischer Hof Bavarian Restaurant in Montrose and Gasthof zur Gemutlichkeit in Minneapolis.
Even more so, when he was 18, Ron worked for a bakery in Herborn-burg while his uncle, John Sletten, was in the service.
“I always wanted to get into something along that line,” he said. “I’ve always had an interest in the German heritage.”
Ron views the Maifest as an authentic German experience, with many different opportunities for everyone.
The day begins with an accordion and alphorn worship service at 9 a.m. featuring Jim Strehlke and also the youth group members performing Christian songs in German.
Following the worship are both the silent auction, from 10 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., and a market with 16 different vendors, from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
The event is very kid-friendly with plenty of carnival games and a jumper as well.
Food remains a staple of the celebration as there is a schnitzel dinner from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. with all day brats, kraut and German beer.
Ron and his fellow church members usually start cooking on Thursday, preparing many dishes for the Schnitzel dinner featuring chicken schnitzel with mushroom sauce, spatzle, red cabbage and bread. A familiar traditional bake sale is also offered with homemade bread, apple strudel and more.
Music and entertainment are a big part of the celebration too as Alpensterne, The Flemming Fold, Bill Koncar, CCLS Ministry in Motion and Choir and the SG Edelweiss Schuplattlers Dance Group are among the groups scheduled to perform.
The day is also highlighted by the 4 p.m. Maibaum (Mai Pole) raising for both children and adults, before a 4:15 p.m. drawing for door prizes and quilt.
Aiding Ron in preparations for the festival are his wife, Joan, and kids Larissa, 9, Raymond, 7, and Annerose, 6, and many of the church’s 85 active members.
“The church I grew up with was a small country-town type church,” he said. “It’s a great bunch of people.”
While they will be prepared with one main tent and three medium-sized tents, Ron is hopeful the weather will cooperate.
Rain and cold temperatures have affected the event the past few years, yet crowds still numbered between 750 and 1000.
“When you’re doing it in the rain and when you get that kind of support, it’s great,” he said.
Ron added funds raised for the event, from sponsors, the silent auction and sale of food, goes to support the church, scholarships and local charities.
“It takes everybody to make it happen and things go off without a hitch,” he said. “Bright and sunny weather is on order.”
For more information and a full schedule of events or to purchase advance meal tickets, visit.
Contact Adam Gruenewald at [email protected]Manufacturer: Sensation
Model: G3 Dressage Treeless
Category: Dressage Saddles
Purchase: I decided to try a treeless dressage saddle because my horse has a very oddly shaped back. I went through about 5 different saddles, trying all different shapes and sizes, until I finally decided to just try a saddle that will mold to his back. You have to buy this saddle through a dealer. The main company is called Nickers Saddlery and is based in Canada, but there are several dealers in the US that will have a saddle shipped to you. Price varies depending on the currency of Canada compared to the states. I paid about $960 including shipping.
Likes: This is my new favorite saddle of all time. I have had it for about 4 months and will never go back to another saddle. It is extremely cushiony and comfortable. It's like riding on pillows. It's got a very deep seat. You can adjust where you want your stirrups to go, so you can make sure that your leg is positioned nice and straight under your hip. They give instructions to do something weird with your stirrup leathers, and they tell you that if you try to ride with your stirrup leathers the way you would in a normal english saddle that the buckle will bother your thigh, but it does not. I ride with them the regular way and I ride with good leg contact and position and it does not bother me at all. They have many different color choices and it is no extra charge to get different shades of brown or black. Most importantly, my horse is SO happy that he can finally use his back without pain. His back muscles have filled out, he's moving with big strong motions, and he's not still resorting to his ouchie habits that he'd started developing with the other saddles. This saddle works with regular dressage girth, saddle pad, and stirrup leathers.
Dislikes: At first, the pommel feels very large in front of you. It took me about two days to adjust to having it there. It's hard to explain, but the pommel feels like it spreads out very wide so when you post, your thighs sort of bump into it. It does not look really big or stick out or anything, but compared to a regular dressage saddle, it just feels different. I got used to it after only a handful of rides though, and now it's no problem. In fact, it might help someone who has difficulty getting out of a chair-seated position. Now that I'm used to the difference, it doesn't bother me and there is nothing that I don't like about this saddle.
Quality: I have not had it very long, but as far as I can tell the quality is perfect. The leather is very nice and the saddle is put together very well.
Summary: I absolutely love this saddle. It was comfortable from the very first day I got it, and my horse loves it. I can't really explain how comfortable this saddle is, but they do offer demos to try it out. I purchased without trying a demo and I am so glad I did. I highly recommend this saddle.
Rating: 5
Author: Allison
Date: 2007-11-10
Usefulness Rating: 3.75Off and On
Over rutted fields the unfenced Southern sky
deepens and unfolds. The frozen mud
fringing a ditch stands tall and bows humbly
to a strange parade of supplicants
stuffed with paradox, gorged on sleeplessness.
Groves and hedges moan, fingered by gusts
nicking necks and stinging knees
too bent from bowing to withstand that breeze.
Nearby, a cinderblock palazzo rises in the smoky dawn,
peopled by bells who must be dealt a glancing blow
to mend their tone, who sit to burn away those extra eyes
fitted through blind years. Vague flashes flit
across their retinas, then splinter into breaths that segue
into stealthy trips from where they never were
to where they'll always be. With devastating smiles,
some smear a strip of crimson on the hour, then wipe it off.
Here cleverness collapses while wit is at an impasse:
Learning to grunt or simply stink have their allure.
Bald heads make balder hearts cringe and purr,
and mow the grassy minds that blithely ornament
their fusty mines with half-baked thoughts. But dormant
in the overeager pit these seekers think of as themselves
a ragged pine lists, blanketed with snow. Its needles drip softly,
its black bark sparkles coyly, waiting to connect our dots.
I love digging into the materials and grammar of many art forms, and feel intensely satisfied when I can write a poem or design a tee shirt or take a picture or, most recently, coil a simple pot. Sometimes the creative process proceeds easily, but most of the time it's painstaking work excavating my own ruins deep in the bowels of those humid caves where I stumble across fragments of myself. Mishima wrote, "When people concentrate on the idea of beauty, they are, without realizing it, confronted with the darkest thoughts that exist in this world. That, I suppose, is how human beings are made." Yeah.
« Back to February 09 table of contentsAMBASSADOR KARL EIKENBERRY (U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan): Ready to go?
Well, Mr. Secretary, it’s a great privilege that I have as the chief of mission here to welcome you to the largest United States mission globally right now, Embassy Kabul.
You have been a tireless advocate over your tenure as the secretary of Defense to increase the expeditionary capabilities of our civilian forces overseas. Just over the last two years, Mission Kabul has grown from a little over 200 civilians to now well over 1,100, on our way to a growth of 1,400.
Mr. Secretary, the volunteers that you see before you today on the American side of this Afghan-American team are from 16 departments and agencies now. The growth of this embassy has been extraordinary. We are now managing the largest foreign appropriations bill bilaterally in the history of the United States. Again, none of this would not have been possible without your vision and without the great support of your department and without the great support of the United States military.
Indeed, we have managed now over time to become so close as a civilian-military team here that we’re starting to learn lessons from each other. We’re starting to talk like each other now.
General Petraeus, I learned, in his most recent counterinsurgency manual, came to the Department of State, to our great political section, and asked how do you make a formal diplomatic demarche, because I want to include that in my counterinsurgency manual. That’s how close we have become at this point in time.
Now, Mr. Secretary, you have had aviator flight jackets that have been given to you from the United States Navy. You’ve had pullovers that have been given to you by the United States Marine Corps. You’ve got windbreakers that have been given to you by the United States Air Force. And you’ve got sweaters that have been given to you by the United States Army. But, Mr. Secretary, I know that you do not have in your inventory and in your closet at home a fleece -- (laughter) -- from the United States Embassy and from Mission Afghanistan. So, if I could -- if I could give you this fleece. (Laughter, applause.)
With great pride on behalf of a terrific team of Afghans and Americans who comprise Embassy Kabul, Mission Afghanistan, let me introduce the Secretary of Defense of the United States of America, the Honorable Robert Gates. (Applause, cheers.)
SEC. GATES: Well, good morning.
And thank you, Ambassador Eikenberry -- Karl -- for having me here today. This getting close together, I just have two warnings for you: avoid PowerPoint, avoid acronyms. (Laughter.) Don’t get too close. (Laughter.)
I know that President Obama was very sorry he couldn’t make it here to Kabul and visit here at the embassy and meet the embassy staff, and I’m not much of a consolation prize. But I am grateful for this opportunity to see all of you in person and thank each and every one of you for your service, especially during the holiday season.
This embassy has accomplished extraordinary things over the past two years. You’ve more than tripled the number of U.S. civilians in country while dramatically expanding your operations. As we say over at Defense, you’ve built the plane while flying it.
Many of you never expected that your vocations would lead you to this place and this kind of mission, and yet you’ve stepped forward in our nation’s and this nation’s hour of need. Your work is the linchpin of the president’s strategy. We must implement the president’s pledge that the U.S. is committed to a long-term, enduring partnership that will help the Afghan people build the peaceful, prosperous, strong and independent country they want.
This mission will continue even after our military effort transitions from combat to the more traditional train, assist and equip mission. Every child educated, every farmer whose livelihood is improved, every illness treated forms a stark contrast to the Taliban, and increases the legitimacy of our Afghan partners.
The importance of the work you do extends beyond this conflict. The capability of our military and civilian efforts must grow and evolve together. For the most part, America’s instruments of national power, military and civilian, were set up in a different era for a very different set of threats.
Our military was designed to defeat other armies, navies and air forces; not advise, train and equip them. Likewise, our civilian agencies were designed primarily to manage relations between states from the capital, rather than to get out in the field and help at the ground level. But today we face a global security environment where, unlike the Cold War, the most likely and lethal threats -- an American city poisoned or reduced to rubble -- will likely emanate from a fractured of failing state rather than an aggressor state.
The work you and our men and women in uniform are doing together now will not only be the key to succeeding in this conflict, but, I believe, critical to helping our agencies learn how best to collaborate to protect the country we love in the future.
A personal hero of mine, George Marshall -- who was unique in history -- in our history as the only person to have served as both secretary of Defense and secretary of State, and mastermind of the great partner capacity-building operation, the Marshall Plan -- had a key understanding of how the different organs of American power can and should work together.
He said something, which I think has great significance for your work here. He said, “Our policy is directed not against any country or doctrine, but against hunger, poverty, desperation and chaos,” and that ultimately “military power wins battles, but spiritual power wins wars.” No one has ever said it better or more succinctly.
Thank you. (Applause.)
Now, like I tell our young soldiers, I’d be happy to take a few questions. I’m making no promises about whether I’ll know the answer. (Laughter.)
Anybody? Don’t be shy. Yeah.
Q: Is it on?
Mr. Secretary, I don’t have a question, but I just want to say thank you very much for your support for more resources for the State Department. There aren’t many voices in Washington making that appeal, and the people in the State Department really appreciate your support. Thank you. (Applause.)
SEC. GATES: Well, as I’ve told -- as I’ve told both Condi Rice and Secretary Clinton, in a way, I see this as payback. There’s a little-known story about the second secretary of Defense, whose name was Lawrence -- Louis Johnson. And the rumor has it that Louis Johnson was just as crazy as the first secretary of Defense, James Forrestal.
And the U.S. Defense budget had dropped from $99 billion in 1945 to $10 billion in 1947. And Louis Johnson wanted to run for president in 1952, and he wanted to run on a platform of cutting military spending. So he wanted to take it down to six (billion dollars) or $7 billion. And it was the then-Secretary of State, Dean Acheson, working behind Louis Johnson’s back, ensured that the State Department supported sustaining the Defense budget. So, like I say, 60 years later, it’s just payback time. (Laughter.)
Another question? Yes.
Q: Sir, my name is -- (name inaudible) -- working for the Political Section.
My question is, in the light of the withdrawal of U.S. forces or -- and other coalition from Afghanistan in 2011 beginning in July, how would you define victory here? Like, the Afghans, they do not have that much confidence on their own forces so far. Thank you.
SEC. GATES: Well, first of all, their armed forces, the Afghan armed forces, have not only increased in number in the last year, but really have increased in quality.
I’ll give you one example. Those qualifying on marksmanship, believe it or not, a year or so ago was like 35 percent. It’s now over 90 percent. And so both the numbers and the quality are increasing.
The other thing -- as we have said until we’re blue in the face -- we aren’t all leaving in July 2011. And I think one of the most significant things about the Lisbon summit was its embrace of President Karzai’s goal of a turnover of lead security responsibility across the country to the Afghans in 2014. So this is going to be a gradual process between July -- actually perhaps spring of 2011 in terms of transition, but also in terms of whatever drawdowns there are beginning in July of 2011 through 2014.
So everything isn’t -- I got a question from an Afghan at the press conference last night who implied that we weren’t going to transfer or transition anything until the end of 2014, and then everything would be transferred. Everybody needs to see both the drawdowns and the transition of security responsibility as a process that will begin in the spring and the summer of 2011, but continue from then on. And it’ll be a gradual, conditions-based process.
Yes, ma’am.
Q: Sir, every generation takes lessons from the wars that it fought. Clearly, the Vietnam generation took lessons from that war. What lessons would you hope that our generation takes from this conflict?
SEC. GATES: Well, I think that the lesson that we -- from the standpoint of the Department of Defense, I think the lesson we have taken from both Iraq and Afghanistan is the need for a whole-of-government effort; that it isn’t just -- that the kinds of conflicts that we’re in and most likely to be engaged in in the years to come are going to be those where both a civilian and a military component are required.
And I think that just as over the past 10 years or so CIA and the military have made huge strides in learning how to work together again for the first time since Vietnam, in some ways I think that’s true of the civilians and the military as well. And I think it’s a lesson -- just like I’m trying to make sure the Army doesn’t forget what it’s learned in the last 10 years in terms of counterinsurgency, it’s important that neither the civilians nor the military unlearn the importance of this collaborative way of doing business.
One more? Yes, sir.
Q: Sir, if I can follow up on that, two years before I came here, I was working with OSD Partnership Strategy in stability operations. And, as you know, we were trying to figure out, in places where you don’t have the broad appropriation and authorization that we have here in Afghanistan to work together and other places of the world where we’d like to be a lot more preventative so we don’t have to have this much effort, but getting the legal authorities right so that we can work together in other places of the world -- I know this has been an ongoing issue. I know you had proposed pooled funding as an idea. But just -- has there been any progress with the Congress in terms of changing authorizations that allow our various departments of the government to work more effectively, so that perhaps we don’t find ourselves in a massive effort like we find ourselves here?
SEC. GATES: Not a lot. It’s both an authorities issue and a funding issue. And we do have some authorities -- 1206, 1207 -- that have enabled us to work together and in essence have dual key operations. But and 1,100 people in an embassy to try and fix the problem with them.
It is, frankly, a characteristic of democracies that preventive action when action would be relatively cheap and relatively painless is pretty rare. We seem to have to wait until we’ve got a crisis on our hands before we can do anything. But my hope is that particularly if State and Defense are in lockstep and go onto the Hill together working on these issues, we can gradually get support for the kind of operations that, compared with what we have done in Iraq and what we have done here in Afghanistan, are trivially cheap by comparison to a U.S. military operation.
So getting people on the Hill and the American people to understand that these phase zero operations, these preventive partnership-building programs, are truly worth their weight in gold. And we’ll just have to keep working at it. There are clearly some people up there on the Hill that understand this. And I think if we can -- if we can partner with them in trying to get the rest of them to understand, that maybe we can make some headway.
You know, when I gave the Landon Lecture at Kansas State, it was a little bit like the man-bites-dog story; nobody could remember a Defense secretary defending the State Department’s budget before. And maybe if we have more man-bites-dog stories, then we can get some peoples’ attention.
Thank you all very much.Wheeler Dodgeball Super Advocates
Is this photo a winner?
Similar Photos: Super Advocates win 4th in the Gold Bracket!!! | charity | dodgeball | participant teams
Feeling inspired? Visit the CustomInk Design Lab to start your own group order.Design Your Own Enter the Contest
Yes it is a big winner with me, I give it a 5 out of 5. Thanks!!Central Zone Greens Women won by 3 wickets (with 2 balls remaining)
Played at Quaid-e-Azam Park, Karachi
18 July 2008 (20-over match)
Fall of wickets 1-21, 2-31, 3-39, 4-40, 5-52, 6-69, 7-82, 8-92, 9-92, 10-93
Did not batAsfa Batool, Maria Javed
Fall of wickets 1-32, 2-38, 3-75, 4-79, 5-80, 6-91, 7-91
Match details
Toss - North Zone Women (Pakistan), who chose to bat
Points - Central Zone Greens Women 2, North Zone Women (Pakistan) 0
Points - Central Zone Greens Women 2, North Zone Women (Pakistan) 0
Player of the match - Shumaila Mushtaq (Central Zone Greens Women)
Umpires - Humaira Farah and Riffat MustafaWaikiki After Dark Published: 2006.12.01 12:00 AM Photographer Alecia Hoyt, 28, leads a dual life: by day, she runs a wedding photography company; by night, she can be found on Kuhio Avenue in Waikiki taking pictures of a grittier scene. “The pictures I take in Waikiki and the environment I surround myself in there can be dark,” says Hoyt. “I see the weddings, family portraits and kids as a nice balance.” Her nightlife images show another side to Honolulu, one contrasting with the sunny Island representations so often perpetuated. For the aptly nicknamed “Marlboro man” photo (pictured, above), Hoyt snapped the subject just outside of Nashville’s, a country western bar. “He seemed so out of place to me, with the hat and boots,” she says, “so I find him visually interesting in that whole mishmash of people and things happening.” For more on Honolulu after dark, go here.4m
Judging by the reaction of his former teammates, Adam LaRoche will provide the White Sox not only with left-handed power but a strong presence in the clubhouse.
8m
Chris Sale has suddenly become one of the White Sox veteran leaders.
8m
Adam Dunn is now a former member of the Chicago White Sox.
9m
Rick Hahn wanted to play during one the most interesting trade deadlines ever but the other kids kept him out of the sandbox.
10m
CLEVELAND — Gordon Beckham said Saturday the way he has played of late has been more difficult to deal with than any trade rumors in which he’s included.- Filed Under
Soon people around Fountain Square will have access to more food choices.
Cincinnati City Council on Wednesday agreed to three new "mobile food vending" areas - along Fifth and Vine streets by the square, with another across the street in front of U.S. Bank.
Councilwoman Laure ...Funny or Die
Search
SEE ALL RESULTS
History
or
Already have an account?
Stay signed in
Don't have an account?
Pete George Videos, Pete George Pictures, Pete George Articles
Dudes Behind the Bar
a modernized version of the "Who's on First" routine
IFC.com Get Hit – Episode 4
Still on location upstate for IFC.com's newest web series Get Hit, the two viral video-makers Garlyn Thornquist and Billy Lang tackle the art of acting as th...
Dips Compilation
Did you miss Dips? You can either go to Funnyordie.com/Dips or you can watch this insane video of all 300+ Dips strung together.
The Ball Kicking Fight Club
The stars of IFC.com's Get Hit, Garlyn Thornquist and Billy Lang achieved their own Internet fame with the smash hit "The Ball Kicking Fight Club" -- over 1 ...
Advertisement...
Matt Kissane Rocks Out at Bleeding Heart Bakery!
Here's another installment of Matt Kissane's web series "Live From Chicago It's Matt Kissane" where Matt visits the Bleeding Heart bakery in Elmhurst, IL! w...
CrispyGamer.com Presents How to Be a Joystick Master: Bioshock
There was an era when tips, tricks, Game Genies and Konami codes were all you needed to master video games. Pete Strackmeier still lives in that era, and he ... ...
Black Romney gangsta rap "Binders Full O Bitches"
"Where rap and politics meet" Music video by Black Romney performing "Binders Full O Bitches". (C) 2012 Forty-Seven Percent Records, a Division of Happy Pa...
Skinja! Ass meets Assassin
Skinja is about a stripper by night, ninja by later that night. Remember, it's not just another ninja stripper movie, it's a ninja stripper movie with a hear...
Easy to Assemble ep. 208: Gotcha! Covered
Spazzy Sheraton learns of IKEAs Co-Worker of the Year competition and will do anything to make his friend Justine the ultimate winner, especially if it calls...
Easy to Assemble ep. 202: The Team Building Event
SNLs Tim Meadows stops by to interview for a job at IKEA, while Illeana creates a team building event for her fellow IKEAns in an effort to outshine Justines...
Easy to Assemble 201: 'What's in Store?'
Season 2 premiere episode! Illeana and Tom Arnold realize a fake relationship works better for them than the real thing. Erik urges Illeana and Justine to c...
Easy to Assemble ep. 205: Celebrity Intervention
In search of ratings (and votes for Co-Worker of the Year), Justine ambushes Illeana with a live 'celebrity shoplifting intervention' on 'Forty and Bitter' a...
Easy to Assemble ep. 204: Taking Stock
In the wake of her embarrassing 'celebrity shoplifter' incident, Erik re-assigns Illeana to the IKEA warehouse Desperate to get back on track to win 'Co-Work...
Easy to Assemble ep. 203: Bitter is Better
Illeana gets pinched for shoplifting by Lance and her slimy ex-agent, Ben (Greg Proops) when she forgets to pay for snacks during Justine's live 'Forty and B...
Petting is Enough
Petting is Enough. Sure...sober, maybe. Drunk and high? Not a chance.
Easy to Assemble ep. 209: S. Erland Husen #76
Illeana inches closer to the winner's circle and the arms of work crush Paul (Rob Mailhouse) when she debuts her re-creation of S. Erland Husen's most challe...
Easy to Assemble ep. 207: Meet Sparhusen
Illeana thinks she can win IKEA's Co-worker of the Year by reuniting Erik's favorite band: SPARHUSEN!
Hybrid Tough: Toyota Prius
Car commercial parody featuring the Toyota Prius in full SUV-style badass mode
A NIGHT WITH little RICHARD - Trailer
Trailer for the web mini-series, A NIGHT WITH little RICHARD.
USC vs. Ohio State: For Some, Life Threatening
eTrueSports anchor Todd Covert has a BFA from Ohio State and a MFA from USC. He's a big football fan. How does he deal with the hardest choice of his life?2004-2008 Ford F150 Rough Country Suspension 6 Inch Lift - Putting The "Up" In Pickup TruckPosted in How To: Suspension Brakes on January 1, 2009 Comment (0)
When.
8PhotosView Slideshow
10. A crossmember brace (shown) fastens to the front and rear crossmembers on the passenger side to create added strength. Also installed between the front and rear crossmember on the driver side is a new differential skidplate that also serves as a support brace similar to the passenger-side crossmember brace. Following that step, new sway-bar drop brackets are installed.
3PhotosView Slideshow
17. Overall, the rear suspension lift is very simple. Here you can see the finished product on the driver side. Visible is the new 4-inch cast-iron lift block, U-bolts, and premium Nitro 9000 shock. Not visible, but also included in the kit, is an emergency-brake-cable drop bracket and brake-line relocation brackets.
Bottom line
The truck we installed the kit under was shod with 35x13.50-20 Mickey Thompson ATZ tires mounted on 9.5-inch-wide KMC Hoss wheels. Naturally, this combination rode a tad stiffer than the stock F-150 with 17-inch wheels that we've driven in the past due to the decreased sidewall of the 35x20s. Overall ride quality was good though and still smoother than a 3/4- or 1-ton truck.
8PhotosView Slideshow
We ramped a similar stock F-150 on a 20-degree RTI ramp, and it climbed 58 inches to generate an RTI score of 417. The lifted truck climbed 55 inches to generate a score of 396. Frankly, we're not surprised the RTI score dropped slightly after the install as adding leaves to rear spring packs tends to stiffen things up and inhibit flex. Keith Lovins, product development manager at Rough Country, says; "Rough Country used an add-a-leaf in the rear to keep from stacking lift blocks. Instead, we used a 4-inch block to replace the stock 2-inch block and added an add-a-leaf in the spring pack. This decreased the amount of flex in the rear by 3 inches on a 20-degree RTI ramp, but the advantage is that the towing capacity is increased and the stability of the truck is increased at highway speeds. We at Rough Country feel that an F-150 will be used as a work truck or a tow vehicle and that towing capacity and stability is more important than losing a few inches on an RTI ramp." Hey, we're down with that logic. Improving approach, departure, and ground clearance while retaining work capabilities-on a budget-works for us.
Sources
800-222-7023This was a special event for Friday the 13th… it was one of the free shows in the bar at Terrapin Crossroads.
More free music today at brunch, tonight and tomorrow, be sure to check Terrapin’s website and Facebook page to keep up on all their special events.
“An Evening of Murder Ballads”
Terrapin Crossroads
Fri. July 13, 2012
w/Grahame Lesh, Brian Lesh, Ross James, Scott Harvey, and guests
8:45pm – 10:05pm
Stagger Lee bl
Miller’s Cave gl
El Paso rj (Ross James version)
Black River Killer bl
Tom Dooley rj
Me & My Uncle gl
Long Black Veil bl
Sam Hall all
Banks of the Ohio gl
Delia’s Gone rj
Dire Wolf gl
Knoxville Girl gl, bl
Cocaine Blues bl
Jack Straw gl, bl
(setlist byBob Scalcione)\
Stay tuned in to whats happening at TXR, follow Terrapin Crossroads on Facebook:
and Twitter:You are browsing through Zazzle's antoineblumel gifts section where you can find many styles, sizes and colours of customisable antoineblumel t-shirts, mugs, posters, bumper stickers and mcuh more. Most products are ready to be customised with text, photos or artwork, but all can be bought as shown. Most gift orders ship in 24 hours. There is no minimum order size.SoftGel Flexible TPU Case for Amazon Fire Phone adopts a slim profile with anti slip properties. Raised edges protect the screen when placed face down.
Product Features
- Designed Specifically for Amazon Fire Phone Smart Phone 2014 Release
- Front raised edges recess your screen to protect it when placed face down
- Anti-slip properties gives your Amazon Fire Phone more grip on surfaces
- Easy to slip on your device, yet stays on securely
- Access to all controls, buttons and camera holesWednesday, September 22
8-9 p.m.
"High Tech Hawai'i" looks at The Hawai'i Technology Trade Association
Guests: Phil Bossert, President, Strategic Information Solutions
Jeanne Schultz, Marketing Manager, Campbell Estate
Host: David Lassner
The September 22 High Tech Hawaii show will highlight the formation of the Hawaii Technology Trade Association (HTTA). While more than 500 technology companies are already based in Hawaii, this new private-sector organization has been created to foster and facilitate a healthy business, financial, educational and government environment for the technology industry in Hawaii. The HTTA is holding its kickoff meeting on September 23.
Jeanne Schultz of the Campbell Estate and Phil Bossert of SIS, both founding members of the HTTA Executive Committee, will join host David Lassner to discuss the reasons for formation of this new organization and their plans for the future.:
The Hawai'i Technology Trade Association <>What began in the 1951 has morphed into a network of Home Services.
The mission of each brand in the network is to glorify God while providing our services to clients within the reach of our quality. Our goal is to achieve high customer satisfaction while providing our employees with a work environment that is attractive and desirable.
Our Network Provides:
The Core Values of the Porter Network:Please allow me to be a bit melo-emo.
This song was that nite. To good times & good beer:
First stop, Il Moro beer tasting.
Belgians get me. I get Belgians: the waffles, the beer, the frites, the home-whipped mayo; Antwerp knew me for 3 days. When accounts of an affordable beer tasting reached the inbox, I had to be all over it. We were all very excited to be lit up by Belgians rockin’ 10% alcohol content. The beer-tender explained all the Belgian labels and off we went. Hooo-zah. Next time, please have all that on TAP. Next time, PLEASE pour more than just 3 lousy ounces.
From Left to Right: Rochefort Trappistes 10, 11.3% ABV, Chimay Blue, 9% ABV, Oerbier Strong, 9% abv, Duvel – the Budweiser of Belgians:
While Chimay Blue is yeasty, full of rasberry, and will knock an skinny Asian man to floor after 4 bottles, Rochefort 10 is why I love the Belgians. It’s beyond hobby & floral, yet light on the tongue. Between Westmalle, Rochefort and St. Bernardus 12, I never not ever drink another beer from another country. It’s like liquid food in a glass bottle imported from Belgium.
Chasing down the beers were the following few apps:
Fagottini alla Mozzarella Grilled eggplant stuffed with mozzarella cheese, baked in a light tomato sauce topped with Parmigiano-Reggiano, cheese and basil
Culatello con Cacio di Fossa, Quenelle di Mellone Organico e Erbazzone Reggiano
Culatello the “King” of Italian cured meats served with pecorino “cacio di fossa”, hailed as the millennium cheese of Italy, organic cantaloupe melon, and spinach and parmesan cheese pie
Fritto Misto Dell’Adriadico
Fried pink shrimp and calamari served with a spicy tomato sauce and tartare sauce
All were decent. All were well received. The melons that went with the charcuterie plate was surprisingly good. Beer + apps for our rather large party at the “gastropub” ended up being $20/pp after tip & tax. We were all still hungry.
Previously Il Moro was part of my overall disappointing DineLA ’07 experience. Yet I’ve returned for dessert and now for the beer tasting. Really want to like this restaurant time and again but it just never quite pulls it all together. Not sure what the problem is, but at this moment, it’s heavily leaning towards economics: at this price level, I can eat myself silly at Craftbar and dream of letting (ex)pastry chef Catherine Schimenti have my baby(s).
Il Moro
11400 W Olympic Blvd
Los Angeles, CA 90064
(310) 575-3530
Btw, Il Moro is a J Gold’s Essential LA 99 to-eat restaurant.
Which led us to……
Yabu on Olympic.
Say it over and over with me: Yabu is the only edible noodle house in all of LA’s Westside. While their soba’s dashi isn’t as complex as Ichimian‘s, their menu also doesn’t confuse the bejesus out of the patrons. That night, some ordered some udon, others ordered various sobas, cold and warm. Apparently no one else knows carbs are bad, hence only a bowl of house made agedashi toshi appeared in front of me. Dieting is really hard… so I eventually stole bites from everyone’s entrees. MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Thank you all for contributing to my taste test with your wallet.
The caldron of hot boiling soba-yu is never emptied during the day. My theory: come later at night, after they’ve boiled hundreds of bowls of soba. The carb taste has to, by science, be more prominent at 9pm instead of 5pm.
Previously, we’ve had the soba, some tempura, and some random “starters” which were
Chikuzen Ni, Boiled Sansai & root vegetables, celery & snow crabsalad, Braised beef tendon, Fried salmon marinated in light broth, Braised spicy vegetables.
Very kaiseki like small dishes totalling $9. Easily my fave thing at Yabu so far. Never tried the raw fishes here as I see no need, but hey, for the dollar, for the experience, I like this place.
Browse Timeline
- « 5 Hollywood Burgers Celebrating National Burger Month
- » B.A.D. returns with a “recipe”: budae jigae, spicy Korean military “base” stew
Pingback: A Random Weekend: Scion(Food)Art, Vietnamese Iced Beer, Food+Lab, Mutineer Magazine | sinosoul.com()
Pingback: digantanews24bd.com()Australia's Hicks alleges U.S. abuse at Guantanamo
Reuters | March 2, 2007
Charges brought against Hicks on Thursday were the first brought against a suspected al Qaeda or Taliban member under a military commissions law passed by the U.S. Congress last year, the Pentagon said.
Hicks, in an application for British citizenship, said he had been shown a photo of a battered fellow inmate, and was told he would be sent to Egypt for similar treatment if he did not cooperate, the Sydney Morning Herald said.
Hicks, the sole Australian at Guantanamo Bay, said the anxiety caused by months of abuse forced him to "say anything" to military interrogators. The United States has denied any abuse at the prison.
The 31-year-old has been in U.S. custody at Guantanamo Bay for five years and ongoing delays in bringing him before a court have led to growing calls in Australia for his release.
Hicks, whose mother was born in Britain, is seeking British citizenship in the hope that London will then seek his release from Guantanamo Bay, as it did for nine British nationals.
The chief U.S. military prosecutor at Guantanamo Bay, Colonel Moe Davis, said he was unlikely to seek life imprisonment for Hicks, who should face a preliminary court hearing within a month.
"I think if you look at the material support for terrorism charge I think that provides a fair representation of the conduct that we seek to hold Mr Hicks accountable for," Davis told Australian Broadcasting Corp. radio.
In the charging documents, the U.S. military said Hicks supported terrorism by attending al Qaeda training courses, conducted surveillance on the U.S. Embassy in Kabul, guarded a tank outside Kandahar airport and fought U.S. and coalition forces for about two hours.
Prime Minister John Howard, one of U.S. President George W. Bush's closest allies, raised the length of Hicks' detention with Bush and pressed Vice President Dick Cheney for a speedy trial when he visited Sydney last weekend.
Howard, trailing in the polls and facing a tough election this year, said the charges against Hicks showed the Americans had accelerated the process, but said he remained unhappy it was taking so long to get Hicks to trial.
"I'm not happy about the five years," Howard told Australian radio on Friday. "I am very very pleased that the process has been accelerated. We will continue to press the Americans to keep their foot on the accelerator."
But Hicks's father, Terry, said he felt no better about the process now charges had been laid and accused Howard of using the case for political gain.
"To me it's still looks as if they want this over and dealt with and finished before the elections," he said.
Hicks will be notified of the charges this week, a Pentagon spokesman said. Once notified, Hicks will be arraigned within 30 days and then a military judge will have 120 days to form the military commission.
"TerrorStorm is something that should be seen by everyone, no matter what their stance/affiliation/political bent. " - Rich Rosell, Digitally Obsessed UK
Get TerrorStorm on DVD today
Enter recipient's e-mail:Market First! WWII armored train handcrafted in accurate detail. Hand-painted camouflage. FREE track set, power pack and controller - a $100 value.
Complete oval track measures 38" x 47"
From Hawthorne Village
- Price:
- $79.99 US Each Issue
- s&s
- $9.99 US
All Aboard for Victory! This is your ticket to ride the rails aboard the WWII Armored Express Train Collection, a Collectibles Market First exclusively from The Bradford Exchange, Hawthorne Village Division. This magnificent tribute to the trains that helped secure Allied victory begins with Issue One, Steam Locomotive. Next to arrive is Issue Two, Tender with FREE track set, power pack and speed controller. Soon your collection will continue with Issue Three, Artillery Car, Issue Four, Antiaircraft Car and additional WWII Armored Express train cars, each a separate issue to follow.
WWII armored trains were rolling fortresses that not only supplied and transported Allied troops, but also delivered massive offensive and defensive firepower. Today, this magnificently handcrafted and hand-painted WWII armored train collection honors those iron behemoths with every painstakingly researched detail and is precision-scaled. These HO-scale real working train cars have been faithfully recreated and sculpted, right down to the riveting of their armor plating. To maintain the ultimate in accuracy, hand-painted WWII Allied camouflage patterns adorn the entire electric train collection. The locomotive even lights up, ready to shine its beacon of freedom through any obstacle it may cross. Strong demand is expected for this heirloom quality WWII Armored Express Train Collection, so don't wait. Order now!
- Salute the rolling fortresses of the Second World War with this spectacular HO-scale WWII Armored Express Train Collection, a Collectibles Market First exclusively from The Bradford Exchange, Hawthorne Village Division
- Included FREE with Issue Two, a 14-piece track set, power pack and speed controller, a $100 value
- Painstakingly researched for detailed accuracy, each car in this heirloom-quality WWII armored train collection is precision-scaled faithfully re-created and sculpted, right down to the riveting of their armor plating
- Each electric train car is handcrafted of the finest materials, and hand-painted with WWII Allied camouflage patterns
- It lights up! The locomotive's headlamp is ready to shine its beacon of freedom through any obstacle it may cross
- Certificates of Authenticity
- Individual cars are HO scale and run on HO gauge train track; complete oval track measures 38" x 47"; 96.5 cm x 119.4 cm
- Reserve the collectible WWII Armored - Tender with FREE track set, power pack and speed controller," "Issue Three - Artillery Car," "Issue Four - Antiaircraft Car" and additional collectible WWII armored train cars as they become available
©2015 The Bradford ExchangeJanko Bobetko, (born Jan. 10, 1919, Crnac, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes [now in Croatia]—died April 29, 2003, Zagreb, Croatia), Croatian army chief who , was regarded as a hero of Croatia’s independence, but in 2002 he was indicted for war crimes by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia (ICTY). During World War II, Bobetko rose to prominence with Josip Broz Tito’s Partisan forces, which became part of Yugoslavia’s army after the war. He became a general in 1954 and was made chief of staff in 1967. Bobetko was among those advocating greater autonomy for Croatia until Tito cracked down on the movement in 1972 and dismissed all of its supporters. In 1992 Bobetko assumed command of the new Croatian Defense Forces, which he led into battle in 1993 to retake Croatian territory that had been conquered by Serbian forces. In September 2002 the ICTY ordered him to stand trial in The Hague for having engaged in “ethnic cleansing” during the 1993 fighting. Bobetko refused, and in February 2003 the tribunal’s medical team ruled that he was too ill to withstand a courtroom trial.
Janko Bobetko
Croatian military
- Read
- View History
- Edit
- Feedback
Janko BobetkoCroatian military
What made you want to look up Janko Bobetko?It looks like this family is ready for summer vacation!
Britney Spears shared an adorable snapshot of her with her two sons, Sean and Jayden, on Instagram earlier today.
The pop icon posed in the middle of her two little ones in a pair of super-short shorts which showed off her toned gams.
"What's up summer!!!" she wrote as a caption to the sweet pic. "Where are my sunglasses when I need them? Lol."
And while most people jump into their two-piece swimsuits and frolic in the beach the second Memorial Day Weekend hits, BritBrit and crew have fun in the sun year-round.
PHOTOS: Britney Spears' best concert costumes
In fact, the pop star and her sons vacationed in Hawaii this past March.
The three were joined by Spears' boyfriend David Lucado and snapped plenty of pics of them all hanging out on the beach.
The 32-year-old singer playfully posed with her love and kids in one pic, and opted for a more traditional smiley shot that's completely frame-worthy.
But it's not all play and no work for the songstress.
Spears is currently in the middle of a lengthy residency in Las Vegas and appears to be juggling motherhood with her hectic work schedule with ease.
PHOTOS: Britney Spears is a bikini babe!I don’t normally write articles that receive a lot of comments, but twice I struck enough of a nerve with people that they responded in the hundreds. One was on everyone’s favourite topic, gun control, and the other was on the use of Native Americans (First Nations in Canada) as mascots on sports teams. I was astounded at how many people couldn’t get their heads around the fact that a race of people would be offended by being equated with the San Diego Chicken or other figures of ridicule that dress up in costume and generally run around making fools of themselves at public events.
The most common argument I heard was these mascots were honouring the brave fighting spirit of Native Americans and how it should be taken as a compliment, not an insult. What these people seemed to forget is that when you reduce a people to one characteristic they lose their humanity as we ignore every other aspect of their culture. If you want to honour Native Americans maybe you should teach students in schools how one of the models for the American Constitution was the Iroquois Confederacy and their system of governance, instead of creating cartoon figures who have little or no bearing on the realities of Native American life across North America.
You can’t really blame the sports teams and fans, though, for the mascots. These representations are merely an extension of the way in which Native Americans, and indigenous people everywhere, have been portrayed in popular media since the 19th century. From Buffalo Bill’s depiction of the slaughter of men, women, and children at Wounded Knee Creek as a glorious triumph for the 7th Cavalry to contemporary New Age books selling “Native wisdom,” the culture of over 500 different nations has been exploited and distorted with depressing regularity and with little concern for reality. Now Canadian filmmaker Neil Diamond, a Cree Indian from Northern Quebec near the Arctic Circle, has made a documentary tracing the history of Hollywood’s representations of Native Americans. While it’s already made the round of film festivals last year, Reel Injun will have its American television debut on the Public Broadcasting Service’s (PBS) show Independent Lens November 2, 2010.
A mixture of film clips from the earliest silent movies and interviews with film critics, actors, directors, and Native American activists, Reel Injun not only shows how Native Americans have been depicted on the big screen over the years, it also explores the effect these negative stereotypes had on Natives. It seems like the camera has always loved them, as the first films ever made, Thomas Edison’s back in the late 19th century, were of Laguna Pueblo dances. They were also the first peep shows to be shown in Times Square in New York City — put a penny in the slot and watch the savages dance — and there is something almost pornographic in the lurid black and white images of the dancers caught by this early camera.
Still, the early days of silent film, when technology was simple and cheap, actually saw movies being made by Native Americans about Native Americans depicting the realities of their lives at the time. It wasn’t until the “talkies,” and more specifically Westerns, came along that the problems began. Diamond himself talks about how as a young kid the only movies he saw on his reserve were the ones shown in a church basement on Saturday afternoons and how he and his friends would never identify with the Indians on the screen when a Western was shown. First of all none of them wore feather headdresses or rode horses, and secondly, who’d want to be the bad guy?
Ah, but that’s the past you say, and things have changed since then. Look at Dances With Wolves with its sympathetic portrayal of the Lakota, for example. While it’s true, according to some of the film critics interviewed in Reel Injun, that it was a watershed in the way it depicted Native Americans as multi-dimensional humans, it was still an outsider’s view of what Native life was like, and a distorted one at that, according to some. Russell Means, a Lakota and former leader in the American Indian Movement, was offended by the depiction of his nation requiring some “white guy with a mullet” to teach them how to fight. The people who defeated Custer at Big Horn didn’t need “Lawrence of the Plains” to teach them anything.
In fact, while most interviewed agreed, including Clint Eastwood, John Trudell, and Native film critic Jesse Wente, individual performances by people like Chief Dan George, Graham Greene, and Gary Farmer were invaluable in changing people’s perceptions of the one-dimensional stoic Indian, it wasn’t until Native Americans began making films about Native Americans that real change occurred. Smoke Signals, based on a story by Sherman Alexie and directed by Chris Eyre, was set on the Spokane reservation in the state of Washington. Nobody was wearing feathers, riding a horse or talking in pidgin English. The characters lived in the modern world and dealt with the day to day shit that concerns most Native Americans today.
However, even Eyre says that his movie was made with the wider world in mind, and not until the release of The Fast Runner by Inuk director Zacharias Kunuk was there was a film by, about, and for Native people in North America. Winner of the Camera d’Or for Best Feature Film at the Cannes Film Festival in 2001, Fast Runner was set a thousand years ago among the people of the far north. Shot entirely in the language of the people, it was a gritty and real representation of what life was like in the days before contact with Europeans. There was nothing glamourous or holy about the life depicted — it was just who they were and what they had to do in order to survive.
That’s a long way from the days of Chuck Conner playing Geronimo or Native actors being told they didn’t look “Indian” enough to play themselves. However stereotypes die hard and it’s going to take a lot more movies along the lines of The Fast Runner before the image of the noble savage is erased from people’s minds. Perhaps the days are gone when young Native boys are going to be beat up after Saturday afternoon matinees like Russell Means and his brother were for being Injuns, or be made to feel ashamed of their heritage because they only see themselves as villains on the screen. However movies like Eastwood’s Flags Of Our Fathers and Jim Jarmusch’s Dead Man and their honest depiction of Natives are still in the minority and reach far fewer impressionable minds than Disney’s Pocahontas with its depiction of a real woman as a Barbie Doll Indian Princess.
Reel Injun might be lighthearted in tone at times, but it tackles a serious subject with directness and courage. Many people who watch this movie aren’t going to be happy as it cuts the legs out from under American icons like John Wayne and Western movies in general. However there were lots of people who thought segregation was a good thing too and we know how that turned out. Not all Native Americans are noble, great horsemen, and very few of the ones I know talk to animals any more than I do. For those who don’t understand what all the fuss is about when people complain about mascots or how Natives are depicted in films, if you keep an open mind when watching this film, you’ll come away at the end of the hour with a far better understanding of why it hurts so much.Powered by SidelinesSamsung to out new line of home theater gear at the show
Samsung is teasing some of the home theater and home audio gear that it will be showing off at CES 2014. The gear will include a new entry-level multi-room speaker called the Samsung Shape Wireless Audio - Multiroom system M5. The M5 speaker can be used to create multi-room audio or a multichannel wireless system.
Samsung also has a HW-H750 soundbar offering 320W of sound. The device promises a full home theater experience without having to use rear channel speakers. Samsung has also announced a HW-H600 Sound Stand. The device is designed to sit under a TV sized from 32" to 55".
The Sound Stand device is thin at 1.4-inches thick and has 4.2-channel sound. The Sound Stand and the soundbar both have Bluetooth built-in. Samsung will also unveil a new home entertainment system designed with virtual 9.1 channel sound and lots more called the HT-H7730WM.
It uses analog vacuum tubes and digital amplification. "Powering the HT-H7730WM is an amplifier that gives listeners the best of two worlds – the warmth of analog vacuum tubes and the power and efficiency of digital amplification. Discerning listeners will appreciate the natural, full-range sound with virtually zero distortion and no active-induced clipping."
Statement lays out common responsibilities for college governing board members, to prod them and reassure higher education's critics.
January 19, 2007
Educators consider how to better connect the courses and concepts they teach undergraduates.John).
David
March 31, 2005
So those are the faces behind this madness. Great little interview.
I gotta confess, everytime I read more about what you guys are doing I want to jump in myself. As of now I’m helping my church with design work since that is my field of interest. But there are so many areas that need a good tune-up that you guys have pointed out. Thanks again for this resource.
Oh, and Brad. Say it with me… “sucks!”
Dan
April 4, 2005
It is great to see what you guys are doing. The more I read about Church Marketing I see that alot more churches could be much more effective. I wish I could get involved in some way.
This is a great site! The more I read on your site the more I think about church marketing, and thus you guys are doing a great job. I will tell my friends.: West Brom manager Steve Clarke hopes rivals Aston Villa survive relegation as he believes it will benefit his side in the long-term. The Baggies could give their near-neighbours a helping hand in their bid to maintain top-fight status if they beat third-bottom Wigan on Saturday...
*The extracts on this page are taken from various newspapers and media outlets. They do not necessarily reflect the views of Aston Villa.Miami Dolphins 2012 season review
JAN 03, 2013 8:51a ET
The 2012 season was all about rookie Ryan Tannehill’s development. And while there’s not as much excitement in Miami as in rookie-quarterback cities Indianapolis, Washington and Seattle, what Tannehill did still has provided optimism that he can be the Dolphins’ first franchise quarterback of this century.
“He made a lot of progress,’’ first-year coach Joe Philbin said. “There’s no question about it. I’m confident with the work ethic that he has, the passion that he has for the game. This kid wants to do well. You hope in coaching and, as I said to the players, in between your first and second year, you see that growth and development. There’s usually a pretty big curve, and so we’re excited about the possibility of improvement for him.”
Tannehill’s stats weren’t overly impressive. He completed 282 of 484 passes (58.3 percent) for 3,294 yards with 12 touchdowns and 13 interceptions. But he rarely got rattled and he showed flashes at different periods during the season that he has what it takes to be an upper-echelon NFL signal-caller.
Tannehill helped steer the Dolphins to a 7-9 record. That’s hardly eye popping but is one game better than last season and well above what many had projected, especially after Miami had looked so ugly during a 0-4 preseason.
“I think I grew in most areas,’’ Tannehill said. “Obviously, with every rep you are going to get more comfortable. With every game you get more comfortable. So I feel like I grew in a lot of areas, but I still need to do a lot more growing.’’
The Dolphins certainly can help Tannehill’s development by using the nearly $50 million in salary-cap room they are expected to have and the five draft picks they will have in the top 100 selections to bring in some more weapons. Tannehill needs to be surrounded by some playmakers to help a team that averaged just 18.0 points per game.
But Tannehill at least has given the Dolphins what they hope will be a solid base for building. And that’s more than can be said for most of Miami’s seasons since Marino retired.
Here’s a look at the Dolphins in 2012 and how they stand moving toward 2013:
OFFENSE
The good
Tannehill’s development was helped by the continued progress of wide receiver Brian Hartline. He added some life to a Dolphins receiving corps that was deemed among the NFL’s worst entering the season.
Hartline caught 74 balls for 1,083 yards. He became just the eighth different player in Miami history to have a 1,000-yard receiving season.
The Dolphins might have had two receivers exceed 1,000 yards had Davone Bess, who gained 778 on 61 catches, not missed the final three games because of a back injury. Tight end Anthony Fasano was steady, catching 41 balls for 332 yards with a team-high five receiving TDs.
In the backfield, Reggie Bush just missed becoming the third Miami player to have consecutive 1,000-yard rushing seasons. After being held to 26 yards on eight carries in the finale at New England, he finished with 986 yards on 227 attempts for a 4.3 average.
The Dolphins also were pleased with the development of Lamar Miller, a rookie running back from the University of Miami. He gained 250 yards on 51 carries, including looking really good with 73 yards on 10 carries in the next-to-last game against Buffalo.
On the offensive line, the bright spot was center Mike Pouncey. Many thought the second-year man did enough to earn a spot in the Pro Bowl.
The bad
Tannehill still needs plenty of work throwing downfield. It would help if the Dolphins could get him a big-play receiver during the offseason.
Hartline and Bess are possession receivers, both having averaged less than 15 yards a catch in 2012. Fasano averaged just 8.1 yards per catch, down from 14.1 last season. The Dolphins are in desperate need of a deep threat who can stretch defenses.
While Bush had his moments, his production was inconsistent. During a five-game stretch in the middle of the season, he gained just 158 yards.
It didn’t help matters that Daniel Thomas, Bush’s primary backup until Miller emerged, didn’t progress in his second year the way the Dolphins had hoped. He gained 325 yards on 91 carries for a 3.6 average.
On the offensive line, left tackle Jake Long missed the final four games because of a triceps injury. Nate Garner filled in, but he didn't do anything special.
The jury remains out on the young right side of the line. Tackle Jonathan Martin was a rookie and guard John Jerry a third-year man.
The bottom line is the Dolphins didn’t score enough points. They were just 27th in the NFL in that category.
DEFENSE
The Good
Cameron Wake, after a bit of a drop in 2011, showed he’s clearly one of the best defensive ends in the NFL. Wake was fourth in the NFL in sacks and made the Pro Bowl for the second time in three years.
Among others on the front line, defensive tackles Paul Soliai and Randy Starks were steady. They helped the Dolphins finish a reasonable 13th in the NFL in yards allowed on the ground.
Middle linebacker Karlos Dansby talks a big game, having told FOX Sports Florida before the season he expects to be a Hall of Famer. Dansby, 31, never has made a Pro Bowl. But he did gain consideration in 2012 for leading the Dolphins in solo tackles with a career-high 101.
Outside linebackers Kevin Burnett and Koa Misi also were solid. The Dolphins did a good job of going from a 3-4 under previous coach Tony Sparano to a 4-3.
In the secondary, safety Reshad Jones emerged as a Pro Bowl candidate in his second year. Jones, who had a game-clinching interception and two fumble recoveries in the penultimate game against Buffalo, might have made it had that performance not come after voting had concluded.
The Bad
The Dolphins had problems all season in the secondary. They ranked just 27th in the league in passing yards allowed.
It didn’t help that cornerback Richard Marshall, whose strong preseason led the Dolphins to trade Vontae Davis to Indianapolis, was lost for the year after just four games because of a back injury. Other than Jones, Miami’s starters didn’t distinguish themselves. Even well-regarded cornerback Sean Smith had his problems.
The Dolphins were looking for big things out of defensive end Jared Odrick, a 2010 first-round pick who showed some signs of breaking loose in 2011. But Odrick didn’t step up as anticipated. Even though he started 12 times, he had one less sack (five) in 2012 than he did when having started just seven times in 2011.
While the Dolphins did have 42 sacks as a team, taking the ball away was a big problem. Miami had just 16 takeaways, 10 interceptions and six fumble recoveries. That led to a minus-10 differential, ranking the Dolphins 24th in the NFL.
“That’s one part of the program that needs to be addressed ASAP,’’ Philbin said. “Yeah, I’m not happy with minus-10. ... When you have 16 (takeaways) for the season, you’re going to have to look at a lot of different ways to create more.”
SPECIAL TEAMS
The good
Punter Brandon Fields didn’t make the Pro Bowl despite having one of the greatest seasons in NFL history.
Fields led the NFL with a 50.2 gross average, not far behind Sammy Baugh’s 1940 NFL record of 51.4. It was the fifth-best average in NFL history and marked just the seventh time a punter has averaged 50 or more yards in a season.
Kicker Dan Carpenter had some shaky moments early in the season. But he bounced back to make 22 of 27 field goals on the season before missing the final two games because of a groin strain.
Returner Marcus Thigpen, in his first NFL season after having played in Canada, proved to be a nice addition. He returned both a punt and a kickoff for a touchdown. His 12.2 average on punt returns ranked fifth and his 27.4 average on kickoff returns was eighth.
The bad
Carpenter took the blame for a 23-20 home overtime loss to the New York Jets on Sept. 23. He missed a key 47-yard attempt in the fourth quarter and botched a 48-yard overtime kick that would have given the Dolphins the win.
With Carpenter missing the final two games, he was replaced by Nate Kaeding. That didn’t work out too well as Kaeding missed two of his three field-goal attempts. He misfired from 41 yards and had a 46-yarder blocked that was kicked low.
Long snapper John Denney, who made the Pro Bowl two years ago, doesn’t mess up much. But he had a bad snap on a punt in early in the 23-16 loss to New England on Dec. 2. That led to Fields bobbling the ball and the Patriots taking over at the 12 and soon scoring a touchdown.
ROOKIE OVERVIEW
The Dolphins have no regrets about taking Tannehill with the No. 8 pick. He’s the first quarterback Miami has taken in the first round since Dan Marino in 1983, and the Dolphins hope he can bring some Marino-like stability to the franchise.
Among players taken in the first four rounds, it generally was a good draft for the Dolphins. Second-round pick Martin moved in as a starter; third-rounder Olivier Vernon, a defensive end, was steady with 3 1/2 sacks; and fourth-rounder Miller showed promise.
The one big exception was tight end Michael Egnew, a third-round pick who so far has been a disaster. Egnew got off to a bad start when offensive coordinator Mike Sherman blasted him before the season on an episode of HBO’s “Hard Knocks.’’ Egnew was inactive for the first 14 games and did next to nothing when he got in for the final two.
FREE AGENTS
The Dolphins have 13 total free agents, a number of them key contributors.
Heading the list on offense are Bush, who has said he wants to return, and Long, a four-time Pro Bowler. If the price isn’t too high, figure on Bush being back. Long, however, might get an offer too rich for Miami to want to match.
Two of Miami’s top receivers are bound for free agency. But look for the Dolphins to seek to retain Hartline and Fasano.
Figure on Miami needing to find a new backup quarterback. Matt Moore is a free agent, and he’ll likely want to move somewhere he'll have a better chance to start.
On defense, the top two free agents are Starks and Smith. The Dolphins are expected to look to retain both.
Safety Chris Clemons also is a free agent. But if the Dolphins emphasize significant reconstructing of any area on the team, it most likely would be the secondary.
FINAL ANALYSIS
The Dolphins might have improved by one game from their 6-10 finish of 2011. But there was a feeling they could have been much better and been a serious playoff contender.
Miami blew double-digits leads on consecutive weekends in September in losing overtime games to the Jets and at Arizona. The Dolphins also lost a very winnable November game at Buffalo.
Still, Philbin’s first year has to be regarded as more of a success than a failure. He quickly seemed to earn the respect of Miami’s players.
But the key to the season was the development of Tannehill. He showed enough as a rookie to generate ample optimism for 2013.?I've own and LOVED quite a few fragrances - unfortunately some are just too pricey for me (Himalaya) but out of the ones I've owned these are my favorites:
Gucci Envy: I just adore the dry down on this scent. Masculine and just exhibits sex appeal.
Bulgari Aqua: Great scent. Just fresh and marine-esque.. But in a sophisticated way - to me at least. My one other buddy who owns quite a bit of frags noticed this on me and loved it as well.
Z for Zegna: I feel like I am in Sicily or something. Just well rounded.
Scents I own and wear, but NOT in 'love' category:
Rochas Man - Great compliments, but didn't feel comfortable.
Incanto PH: An office frag - which is not me currently
Good Life: Endless compliments from girls, i LOVE it, just bothers me after a while. If I could wear it and not smell it, I'd like it alot better.
Memoire D'Homme: Seems more mature than I am. If that makes sense.
Now, out of those, I am not sure it really represents what I am all about. These are my future purchases thus far that I have smelled and LOVE:
Diesel Fuel for Life: The sweetness is something I am lacking a bit and it is something I would definitely utilize.
Polo Double Black: I had owned Polo Black and got rid of it, due to lack of sticking around power. Tried DB and enjoyed it much better.
Chanel Allure Sport: I remember it on a buddy, noted it and have wanted to try it again.
D&G ph and light blue: PH I love, it's just awesome and will be in my wardrobe soon.
Gaultier2: Seems like a good everyday scent for me, feminine, yet not really.. just good.
If you could help me define what other recommendations I may like. I am going to Sephora tomorrow and would like to test a few scents that fit in the categories above. Out of the ones I like/dislike.. what do you think are some other scents I should give a shot tomorrow? I Have also tried and not liked: Blue Jeans, A*Men, Visit, and Dior Homme.
--------------------------------------
Maybe I should make cliffnotes :DRice to Drop as Indian Exports Intensify Export Competition
Sept. 21 (Bloomberg) -- Rice, which has beaten corn and soybeans in the past year, may drop as India restarts non-basmati exports after lifting a ban, buyers including Indonesia purchase less than expected and global harvests gain to a record.
The Indian shipments will have a bearish impact and futures may average $16 per 100 pounds in Chicago in the fourth quarter, according to Abah Ofon, an analyst at Standard Chartered Plc. That compares with $16.988 so far this quarter. Prices may fall as India’s shipments cut Thailand’s market share in Africa, said Mohammad Ismet, a senior adviser to Indonesian food agency Bulog.
Cheaper rice may improve the lives of the 1.1 billion the World Bank says live on less than $1 a day, while restraining food inflation and cutting the pressure on central banks to raise interest rates. Global food prices have rallied 26 percent in the past year, bolstered by a plan by Thailand, the largest exporter, to buy rice from farmers at above-market rates.
“There will be some short-term fears on India entering the white-rice market,” said Jeremy Zwinger, chief executive officer of The Rice Trader, a weekly industry report based in California. Still, “with Thailand staying strong on the price intervention, there may be a reversal of ideas as India sells quantity very quickly.”
Rice has surged 42 percent in Chicago in the past 12 months, beating rallies in corn and soybeans, while wheat has declined. The November-delivery contract climbed 0.2 percent to $17.225 at 4:20 p.m. in Singapore. The price touched $18.54 on Sept. 12, the highest since October 2008. The weekly rate for 100 percent grade-B Thai rice was quoted at $619 per metric ton today.
Indian Exports
India’s government, which banned private companies from shipping non-basmati rice in April 2008 amid a global food crisis, lifted that restriction on Sept. 8. Exports from the world’s second-largest producer may total 4 million tons in the year from April 1, Vijay Setia, president of the All India Rice Exporters Association, said on Sept. 13.
Indian shipments will account for 11 percent of global trade this calendar year, overtaking the U.S. and Pakistan to become the third-largest shipper, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, or USDA, in a Sept. 12 report.
Shipments from Pakistan may exceed 4 million tons in 2011-2012, beating a USDA estimate for exports, Shamsul Islam Khan, a board member of the Rice Exporters Association of Pakistan, said at a conference in Singapore today. Production may surge 38 percent to 6.5 million tons in 2011-2012, he said.
“I don’t see rice prices running away,” Ofon, the analyst at Standard Chartered, said in an interview in Singapore today. “Prices will moderate.”
‘Quite Dangerous’
The end of India’s curbs, coupled with Thailand’s plan, may add to volatility, exposing traders to potential losses, said Amit Gulrajani, general manager for rice trading and shipping at Olam International Ltd., one of the world’s three biggest rice traders. “Going long or short could be quite dangerous,” said Gulrajani, referring to bets on gains and losses.
Imports by Indonesia may be capped at 1.2 million tons this year, said Bulog’s Ismet. That’s less than a forecast of 2.2 million tons from the USDA. Imports include the 400,000 tons bought from Vietnam last week, Ismet said.
Bangladesh, South Asia’s biggest buyer, may cut its forecast for imports by half as local output climbs, according to the Bangladesh Directorate General of Food. Shipments may total 400,000 tons in the year from July 1 compared with 800,000 tons estimated two months ago, according to Badrul Hasan, director for procurement at the Bangladesh Directorate General of Food. Imports were 1.26 million tons in the year to June 30.
Record Production
Global output may climb to a record 458.4 million tons in 2011-2012, buoyed by larger harvests in China, the Philippines and the U.S., according to the Sept. 12 report by the USDA. That would be a second year of record supply, outpacing demand and lifting so-called ending stockpiles to the highest level in nine years, the USDA said.
Thailand plans to pay 15,000 baht per ton ($493) for unmilled white rice and 20,000 baht for Hom Mali fragrant rice, as much as 50 percent above current rates, according to Bloomberg News calculations based on data from the Thai Rice Mills Association. The country is willing to give up its position as largest exporter to boost rural incomes, Deputy Prime Minister Kittiratt Na-Ranong said on Sept. 12. State purchases are due to start on Oct. 7.
Thailand’s rice-buying policy may “create problems” for the government as it will inflate stockpiles and the state may be unable to sell them on the open market without losses, Abdolreza Abbassian, senior economist at the Food & Agriculture Organization, said in an interview in Singapore yesterday.
The Thai export price may gain to about $650 a ton by the yearend, said Kiattisak Kanlayasirivat, a director at Novel Commodities SA’s Thai office, who correctly forecast a rally late last year. “That is the level that buyers can accept.”
To contact the reporters on this story: Luzi Ann Javier in Singapore at ljavier@bloomberg.net; Supunnabul Suwannakij in Bangkok at ssuwannakij@bloomberg.net; Swansy Afonso in Mumbai at safonso2@bloomberg.net
To contact the editor responsible for this story: James Poole at jpoole4@bloomberg.netIguodala sure on Team USA, likely to opt out
MAR 30, 2013 7:11p ET is on the books to make $15.9 million next season, likely more than he could get from any team for 2013-14. But he could become a free agent and then sign a multi-year deal that would pay less next season but would provide long-term security.
.’’
So stay tuned to see which team Iguodala might be representing in a future USA Basketball event. And also what team he might finish it with.
Iguodala began the 2012 Olympics with the Philadelphia 76ers. Just before the semifinals, he was traded to the Nuggets.?How to handle unlicensed portfolio usage?
An interesting scenario came up and I'm just curious as to how others would handle it. A wedding that I photographed has the images posted in an online gallery. One of the guests from the wedding saved the photo and posted it on their Facebook page. Normally I could care less, but the only difference here is that the album which the photo is posted in is called "Portfolio" and she was the makeup artist for the bride as well as a member of the bridal party. The makeup artist job is her side gig and my contract which the bride and groom signed does cover the basics including that images may not be distributed for commercial use, blah blah.
Now in this instance, it is Facebook and realistically not a very professional looking gallery, I'm not too concerned, but I am curious for future issues. I'm wondering if the change needs to happen more from my end. Currently the preview size for my images is a pretty "normal" sized 800x800 image. I do understand that if someone really wants your image, they're going to get it. But just looking at input on what to do as well as if a change from my end should be made in terms of the preview size of the photos.
--Truck Catches Fire on I-90 Near Brandon
Controlled
Rick Ross - Mastermind
"Mastermind" is simply a hodgepodge of classic Rick Ross tropes thrown into one and tagged with a title more fit for super-villainy.
Listening to any Rick Ross record requires an overwhelmingly prodigious imagination. It also requires an innate appreciation of harmless deception; it’s a lot like being an adult at a magic show: you know it’s not really magic, but there’s something wondrous about having your perception of reality challenged. Few dare to so blatantly test the murky waters of Rap surrealism. Ross, however, does so unabashedly, and he has been pulling the same rabbit out of the hat for the better part of a decade now. He has burrowed so deep inside his feigned illusions of grandeur that he has even grown enamored with his own mystique. As Rick Ross’ career grows long in the tooth, it’s becoming harder to bank on its prescience when its context is so marred by fiction, especially as its exposition proves to be less and less interesting. Rozay’s sixth studio album, Mastermind, once again explores his heavily dramatized excursions as a drug tycoon with great depth, but it reads more insincerely than ever and his imagination has seemingly reached its limit.
Mastermind functions illogically conceptually not just because its claims are groundless but also because it lacks solidarity. The overarching premise of any given Ross album usually gives way to his grand thesis while additionally carrying its own narrative. However, in this case, while Mastermind fits like a glove into the Ross canon it doesn’t preserve its own individual identity. There isn’t a lot of diabolical criminal enterprising taking place. Instead it is simply a hodgepodge of classic Ross tropes thrown into one and tagged with a title more fit for super-villainy. Even so, it would be much more bearable—and even relatively engaging—as a fictional retelling of mythic proportions if it simply sought a bigger climax.
Despite its flaws, 2012’s God Forgives, I Don’t was Ross at his most visionary: channeling a fictional, human-skinning serial killer, placing himself at the pinnacle of urban culture side-by-side with Rap moguls Jay Z and Dr. Dre, and venturing deep into the Roman numerals for a fourth installment of the “Maybach Music” series. His eyes were bigger than his stomach. He was thinking colossally; thinking it terms of astronomical achievement. Mastermind thinks on a much smaller scale. It focuses on the immediate future. This is its undoing: it shrinks back into familiarity and seeks neither to explain itself nor to grow. It peddles its coke narrative formulaically without ambitiously pursuing unheralded heights.
Perhaps the worst instance of Mastermind’s lack of aspiration is “What A Shame,” an electro organ-backed bore which incorporates an interpolation of Wu-Tang Clan’s “Shame On A Nigga” into its mechanics. “Full magazine bitch, shoot for the stars / Snatch a nigga chain just to post it on a blog,” he raps, sounding rather pleased with himself, as if he really didn’t just suggest hitting licks as a new form of click bait wasn’t a lame idea, and this is simply a microcosm of the entire album. On “In Vein,” The Weeknd shows just how diminutive and hollow Ross’ coke lord impression has become by essentially lapping him with his own exceptional drug rhetoric—“All my niggas ‘round me getting kickback pussy / All my niggas ‘round me all be hidin’ in Stussy … Tour bus like a National Geographic / Bitches runnin’ wild getting faded in the bathroom.” If your brand is grandiose Mafioso kingpin-style drug Rap then you’d better be pitching a sonic Rayful Edmond biopic on steroids. Ross fails to deliver that.
Mastermind simply lacks flair. It doesn’t possess the pizzazz of Teflon Don, which made Ross a power player or the pure gaudiness of Rich Forever, which perfected his aesthetic. Rick Ross has seemingly run out of moves.. In truth, it is a reflection of the entire album. Though Ross’ command of his booming bass voice is entertaining in spurts—when he starts packing words together under the influence of that heavy timbre, it’s like a snowball rolling downhill building momentum—nothing about Mastermind feels fresh or creative and without much semblance of truth, there is no magic. Its themes and motifs are generic to the Ross trademark.
There isn’t anything really compelling about Rick Ross’ fictional tale anymore..
RELATED: Rick Ross "Mastermind" Release Date, Cover Art, Tracklist & Album Stream
{{ comment.author.name }}
{{ comment.author.name }}
{{reply.author.name}}
{{ reply.author.name }}83 Funny Votes
1,364 Die Votes
294,643 Views
Published March 16, 2009
AdvertisementFirst Paper from Gemini/HST Galaxy Survey: It Takes More Than Aging to Shape A Galaxy
March 28, 2005
Can galaxies observed at very high redshifts (at a time when the universe was a fraction of its current age) evolve to look like today's nearby galaxies simply by growing older? The answer is no according to an international team of scientists led by Inger Jørgenson (Gemini Observatory) who used GMOS on Gemini North, combined with HST imaging data to survey distant galaxies and chart their evolution.
The team's results demonstrate that cluster galaxies closer to us are not aged versions of the kinds of early galaxies seen in distant clusters that existed when the universe was half its current age, about seven billion years ago. To evolve into galaxies like those we see in nearby clusters, these galaxies require more than just a single episode of star formation as current theories suggest — the distant early "progenitors" have to undergo a set of profound transformations that most likely include galaxy mergers and multiple episodes of star formation.
The team has just published the first in a series of papers based on data from the Gemini/HST Galaxy Cluster Project. The first cluster analyzed is RXJ0152.7-1357 and was discovered by the X-ray satellite ROSAT and lies at a redshift of 0.83 (Figure 1). The X-ray images from both the XMM satellite and the Chandra satellite show two sub-clumps of matter, and support the idea that the cluster is in the process of merging from two sub-clusters of roughly equal mass.
Figure 1 The central part of the galaxy cluster RXJ0152.7-1357, which lies at a redshift of 0.83, is shown in this HST/ACS archival data view. The image covers 75 × 45 arcseconds, which corresponds to about 0.6 × 0.35 megaparsecs. Most of the galaxies in the cluster appear as yellow/orange objects in this image, and most of these are elliptical galaxies. The many faint blue and very elongated objects are gravitationally lensed background galaxies. The gravitational lensing shows, in agreement with the X-ray data, that RXJ0152.7-1357 is a very massive cluster. The observations were done in three colors, r' (630nm), i' (775nm), and z' (925nm). These images are shown as blue (r'), green (i'), and red (z') to form the color image.
For the Gemini/HST Galaxy Cluster Project, a sample of 15 galaxy clusters with redshifts between 0.2 and 1 were chosen based on their X-ray luminosities. The sample is limited to clusters with X-ray luminosities larger than LX = 2 × 1044 ergs per second and is intended to be representative of rich galaxy clusters. The galaxies for which spectra were obtained can be several times less luminous than the Milky Way. GMOS spectra (Figure 2) have been obtained for 13 of the 15 clusters and HST data is currently available for more than half of them.
The main conclusion of the team's paper focusing on RXJ0152.7-1357 is that passive evolution may not be what makes galaxies look like they do today. If an early cluster's galaxies were to passively evolve—that is, if their stars just simply got older, with no new stars forming—the resulting galaxies would not look like those we see in large clusters at the current epoch, such as those in the Coma cluster. Instead, the team suggests that galaxies must undergo merger episodes with other galaxies. In addition, there must be new star formation, perhaps in the galaxies doing the merging.
There are galaxies in RXJ0152.7-1357 that show signs of a small amount of new star formation. They are located at the outskirts of the two sub-clumps in the process of forming the cluster. The massive “train wreck” of the two sub-clusters running into each other may have triggered the formation of new stars in galaxies that were otherwise done making stars.
Figure 2 (top, middle, bottom) Three spectra of galaxies in the cluster RXJ0152.7-1357 from GMOS-North are shown here. The top spectrum is of the brightest galaxy in the cluster (id=766). This galaxy has a spectrum typical of an old stellar population with no recent star formation. The middle spectrum (id=566) is one of a handful of galaxies that show very weak star formation and an abundance of young stars together with older stars. The weak emission line marked [OII] shows the presence of star formation, while the strong Balmer absorption Hδ and Hγ show the young stars. The bottom spectrum (id=896) is typical of a spiral galaxy with strong star formation and therefore has a very strong [OII] emission line. Black lines represent galaxy spectra. Green lines represent spectra noise multiplied by 4.
The Jørgensen team project is unique in the following ways: (1) large coverage of galaxy luminosities, (2) sufficient numbers of galaxies at each epoch to determine the slopes of the scaling relations like the Fundamental Plane (3) a large number of epochs (or redshift bins), and (4) consistent coverage in distance from the cluster at different epochs such that it is possible to differentiate between effects due to galaxy mass and due to cluster environment.
For more details, see the paper by I. Jørgensen, M. Bergmann, R. Davies, J. Barr, M. Takamiya & D. Crampton, “RXJ0152.7-1357: Stellar Populations in an X-Ray Luminous Galaxy Cluster at z = 0.83,” The Astronomical Journal, vol. 129, pp. 1249-1286, March 2005The Visit Videos
by TV News Desk - Dec 2, 2014
DEFENDING YOUR TRASH, a new reality/makeover webseries starring Transport Group's Jack Cummings III and featuring Ann Harada (more...)
by TV News Desk - Nov 26, 2014! (more...)
by TV News Desk - Sep 17, 2014
Below, the actress is joined by Rutger's Marching Band as The Visit a New York Children's Hospital. (more...)
by TV News Desk - Sep 16, 2014. (more...)
by TV News Desk - Sep 16, 2014
Below, watch Streisand sing a medley of duets from her new album with host Jimmy Fallon standing in for Elvis, Blake Shelton, and Michael Buble! (more...)
by Stage Tube - Aug 12, 2014
Williamstown Theatre Festival presents The Visit, running on the Main Stage through August 17, 2014. Check out highlights from the production below! (more...)
_7<<
by TV News Desk - Jun 16, 2014
Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman stopped by Monash Children's Hospital in Clayton where Urban treated patients and their families to a special performance of 'Amazing Grace'. (more...)
_9<<
by TV News Desk - Jan 30, 2014
Popular PBS broadcaster Tavis Smiley interviewed Chita Rivera on his program yesterday, January 29, and you can watch the full appearance below, in which Rivera reflects on her history-making career! (more...)
by TV News Desk - Jan 17, 2014
On yesterday's THE CHEW on ABC, host Carla Hall got a backstage pass and a firsthand look at Broadway's hit musical NEWSIES.  BWW_13<<
by TV_14<<
by Stage Tube - Jul 18, 2013
In the video below, Broadway legend Harold Prince chats about the importance of set design. Check out what he had to say below! (more...)
by Jeff Davis - May 1, 2013
Austin's Last Act Theater Company continues their 2012-2013 Season with THE HAPPY COUPLE by Texan playwright James Venhaus. BroadwayWorld is pleased to share a short preview of this Austin premiere production of THE HAPPY COUPLE. (more...)
by Jeff Davis - May 1, 2013
Austin's Last Act Theater Company continues their 2012-2013 Season with THE HAPPY COUPLE by Texan playwright James Venhaus. Michael Meigs of AustinLiveTheatre.com recently sat down with the Happy Couple themselves, Austin favorites Scot Friedman and Suzanne Balling, to discuss this thrilling production. We are grateful to Mr. Meigs for sharing this content with BroadwayWorld. (more...)
by TV News Desk - Oct 25, 2012 clips from The Visit below! (more...)
by Stage Tube - Oct 1, 2012
The Old Globe presents the San Diego Premiere of Pulitzer Prize winner David Lindsay-Abaire's Good People, the award-winning play about class divisions in modern-day Boston. Directed by Paul Mullins, Good People runs now through Oct. 28, 2012 in the Sheryl and Harvey White Theatre, part of the Globe's Conrad Prebys Theatre Center. Opening night is Thursday, Oct. 4 at 8:00 p.m. Click on the video below and meet the cast! ...)
BROADWAYWORLD TV
Yesterday we discussed two distinct "Florida Mortgage Broker Contracts" that we found in the amended discovery that the state filed on 3/16/2010 for the Bernardo Barrera mortgage fraud case. These documents outlined the agreement between the mortgage broker and the borrower regarding the brokers fees for obtaining the mortgage, standard stuff and no big deal if there wasn't two distinct signatures from the borrower.
First let's look at the signatures on the contract that the state submitted with the documentation that they used when they originally filed the case:
Here we clearly see a signature for Mr. Barrera that strongly resembles the signature samples of his actual signature that we collected earlier. After comparing this instance of Mr. Barrera's signature with his real signature, we could say with almost absolute certainty that this is indeed Mr. Barrera's actual signature which he executed on 1/16/2008. Now, let's take a look at the signature that the was obtained from the "Florida Mortgage Broker Contract" that the state submitted as part of their amended discovery...
Now clearly this instance of Mr. Barrera's signature is a forgery, it doesn't take a genius to figure that out. There was always a doubt as to whether or not Mr. Barrera's signatures were authentic or not, could the fraudsters have also been master forgers capable of duplicating an intricate, difficult to execute signature? With this second mortgage broker contract that the state has been hiding, we see the result of the "fraudsters" forging Mr. Barrera's signature, it's not even close, leaving us to believe that the other instances of Mr. Barrera's signature that we've seen were indeed authentic.
There are two major issues that arise from the production of these new documents, first, why has the state been sitting on these documents for nearly two years? Second, at the bottom right hand corner of these documents you'll see the signature of someone that we can only assume was the mortgage broker, Daniel Moreno. If we're reading these documents right, he's signed a contract with someone that we are fairly certain is the real Barrera and then he's signed a contract with someone who has forged Mr. Barrera's signature. Isn't this a problem? Wouldn't this alone bring this new member of our story into the "Organized Scheme to Defraud"? Worse yet, there is no evidence whatsoever in the case file that this guy had ever been questioned by the state. How can this be explained? Poor police work by Detective Baluja? A major oversight by the man who ran this investigation, prosecutor Bill Kostrzewski? Could you imagine if this is the first time either Baluja or Kostrzewski are seeing these discrepancies?
As usual, we're left with more questions than answers. One thing is for certain, someone really fcuked up.
Sister Rosetta Tharpe 1964. By Geniusofdespair
28 minutes ago
Bill is hiding much more than you think. Put in a public information request for the emails between him and the cop that replaced Baluja.
Why do you say the broker saw Barerra and the other guy sign the same document? The new ASA looked at the file, noticed that a mortgage contract that was supposedly not with Barerra was signed by Barerra, took some whiteout, signed it himself, and manufactured some better evidence. And he noticed it before you published, so you have to have some respect.
John, that's an interesting observation! Mad white out skillz!!!!
Good stuff.
Thank you for sharing valuable information. Nice post. I enjoyed reading this post. The whole blog is very nice found some good stuff and good information here Thanks..Also visit my page. Mortgage brokers florida As a premier Florida mortgage lender, Federated Mortgage Services can match you with the best Florida mortgage financing programs from hundreds of lenders.Startup Grind Cape Town Hosts Adelaide Potgieter (Mad World / Bromwell Mall)
- Business & Professional
- Cape Town, South Africa
For more information on the Startup Lessons Learned conference, please visit
----------
Welcome to the signup page for the Cape Town Startup Lessons Learned simulcast. We'll all be getting together to watch the Startup Lesson Learned conference live at the RSAWEB Cape Town office starting at 5:30 pm on the 23rd of May.
Please register here so we know how many people to expect. Note: your name, company and email address will be provided to the conference organizers (Eric Ries). We won't send you any spam or share your information with others.
Pizza, beer and drinks will be)
RSAWEB provides leading cloud servers and hosting expertise to Startups. Find out more at
Join millions of people on Eventbrite.
In order to purchase these tickets in installments, you'll need an Eventbrite account. Log in or sign up for a free account to continue.
Share Startup Lessons Learned - 2011 Simulcast - Cape Town / South AfricaShare TweetUsed Nissan Maxima in Fargo, ND
New Search
Filter Results
Price
Mileage
Accidents Reported
Text Search
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
CarGurus Quick Poll
Why buy used?2,797 new Nissan Maxima listings
...
2010 Nissan Maxima Used Cars in Fargo, ND 58103
Price: $15,538
Mileage: 74,343
Location: Fargo, ND 58103
2010 Nissan Maxima S Used Cars in Fargo, ND 58103
Price: $15,989
Mileage: 53,773
Location: Fargo, ND 58103
2004 Nissan Maxima SE Used Cars in Alexandria, MN 56308
Price: $5,995
Mileage: 132,237
Location: Alexandria, MN 56308
2013 Nissan Maxima S Used Cars in Detroit Lakes, MN 56501
Price: $17,000
Mileage: 54,033
Location: Detroit Lakes, MN 56501
2014 Nissan Maxima Used Cars in Moorhead, MN 56560
Price: $19,995
Mileage: 25,625
Location: Moorhead, MN 56560
2012 Nissan Maxima S Used Cars in Fargo, ND 58103
Price: $19,990
Mileage: 36,313
Location: Fargo, ND 58103
2013 Nissan Maxima S Used Cars in Alexandria, MN 56308
Price: $16,995
Mileage: 13,949
Location: Alexandria, MN 56308
2014 Nissan Maxima Used Cars in Moorhead, MN 56560
Price: $19,995
Mileage: 32,491
Location: Moorhead, MN 56560
2014 Nissan Maxima Used Cars in Moorhead, MN 56560
Price: $21,995
Mileage: 22,681
Location: Moorhead, MN 56560
2004 Nissan Maxima SL Used Cars in Grand Forks, ND 58201
Price: $8,999
Mileage: 92,459
Location: Grand Forks, ND 58201
2011 Nissan Maxima SV Used Cars in Jamestown, ND 58401
Price: $18,499
Mileage: 69,502
Location: Jamestown, ND 58401
2011 Nissan Maxima S Used Cars in Wahpeton, ND 58075
Price: $19,500
Mileage: 85,639
Location: Wahpeton, ND 58075
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.)s) Voice Call Volume Mgr - FREE
by Simplecode.com, Version: 1.9.110629 , 41 KB Official Site
Package name: simplecode.voice.call.volume , Last Update: 2013-04-06 21:19:02
53 ratings (3.642 average)
10,000-50,000 downloads
What's new in this version (1.9.110629):
Made the app use less memory.
Can be installed in external memory such as an sd-card.
Description
To adjust the phone call volume when no phone call in progress. Without this app, on some Android devices, you can only change the phone call volume by using the side buttons when a phone call is in progress. With this, you can change the voice call volume when not on a call.
Small icon © 2000-2009 AguaSonic Acoustics - aguasonic.com - made from cetacean sound.
App © 2009-2011 Simplecode inc -
Last comments from Android Market
John (**)
You have to type a number instead of moving a slider to set the volume. Bad UI design.
cony (*****)
Very good
john (**)
sux, has ads... and you have to enter a number, get suppressor app for no ads and a slider bar. also adjust volumes of the rest of your phone.
Nono (*****)
Works perfectly for me using samsung galaxy.
sm1 (*****)
For those having problems, pls provide phone model or android version. You may also write the author at info@simplecode.com
samanatha (*)
This doesn't do nothing but take up space my volume is still loud
Amber (*****)
Thank u so much..my volume button wnt wrl..this is my wrk around!
Little.Crow (****)
It should lock at settings.
Péter (*)
Unfortunately, it's not working on T-mobile Pulse. Please fix it. :(Ann Coulter also claimed the 9/11 widows were happy that their husbands were dead so they could get money and be famous. She is truly a piece of trash and any show that books her sells a huge chuck of their soul to do it. There are ways to disagree and make your point without being all out nasty. Ann revels in the nasty. Truly trash.How to Eat Éclairs?
I just made some delicious Ã©clairs for my nieceâs birthday party!! They love these Ã©clairs and the children and guests often donât think twice about how to eat Ã©clairs or where they are from when they see these irresistible French pastries. But here is some trivia about eating Ã©clairs which I am guessing you will appreciate:
It is believed that the Ãclair originated in France in the nineteenth century, but there is some argument over the place of the origin of the term Ãclair being England. However, it is agreed that the Ã©clairs were first made by Antonin CarÃªme, a famous French chef.
Ãclair is a long thin pastry that is made from choux pastry dough with a yummy filling and coated with fondant or melted chocolate. You can eat eclairs filled with Coffee or chocolate flavored pastry cream. You can also eat eclairs with custard, whipping cream, fruit flavored fillings, chestnut puree or even pistachio and rum flavored custard!!! I prefer fruit fillings. I love to eat Eclairs with Banana Cream, Peaches 'N' Cream or Meyer Lemon Filling. The last lemon flavored filling is simply spectacular!! When having Banana Cream filled Eclairs, you should not forget to use some bourbon caramel sauce also in the filling!! Trust me you will love it!!! There are many Ã©clair recipes that you can get online. You can also fill the eclairs with savory and eat it as an appetizer!
When you want to eat some eclairs make sure you ask for choux paste traditional Ã©clairs at your closest European styled bakery and not for the Ã©clair cake or long johns that is usually considered to be authentic eclairs. You should also know that the best way to enjoy eclairs is take it in your hand and take bites off the side with the filling, the pastry and fondant and all...yummy!!!!
When you are making eclairs at home , make sure you eat them immediately after cooling the fondant. if you are planning to eat it later then be sure to refrigerate it otherwise the filling can go bad!!
TRIVIA
The choux pastry dough used to make the Ã©clair can also be used to make other pastry like the profiteroles or cream puffs.
In French the word Ãclair means lightning. Though the connection is obscure, one interpretation is that the light gleaming of the fondant topping is probably the reason for this name. I believe it is more to do with the lightning effect these yummy pastries have on your gustatory senses!!
Image Credit
2 CommentsCommunity Resource Fair helps folks affected by the tornado
People whose homes were damaged by the May 22 tornado will have a chance to learn about resources that are still available to assist with home repairs at a Community Resource Fair on Saturday, Dec. 17. The fair is from 10 a.m. to 2:00 p.m. and will be held at Folwell Recreation Center at 1615 Dowling Ave. N. The fair, which is being coordinated by the Northside Community Response Team, will include a number of partners active in the tornado recovery effort. For folks who can’t make it to the fair, you can also get help by calling these organizations who may be able to help with home repairs:
- Urban Homeworks, 612-724-9002,
- Housing Resource Center – North, (612) 588-3033,
- Twin Cities Habitat for Humanity, (612) 788-8169,
- Neighborhood Housing Services, (612) 521-3581,
- Center for Energy & Environment, (612) 335-5884,
- Rebuilding Together, (651) 776-4273,
The Minneapolis Neighborhood and Community Relations Department will have a Hmong translator at the fair to assist folks who need help in Hmong.
Published Dec 15, 2011
Connect with the CityIdentify the main theme of the story "The Destructors" by Graham Greene.
1 Answer | Add Yours
Greene's story contains different themes that could be seen as important to its overall meaning. I would suggest that one of these themes is how power is fluid in the modern setting. Power is shown to be a fluid construct both within the gang and in the world in which the children inhabit. The meeting place of the gang as a hollowed out parking lot, bombed and destroyed, is a reflection of how power and authority, itself, not a totalizing and static reality. Like the bombs that drop and destroy, power is constantly remaking itself. Blackie's role of power in the gang is challenged with T.'s desire to destroy Thomas' house. This shift in power, and eventually the shift back to Blackie, is reflective of Greene's main point about power. It changes. It is a fluid concept. It is not absolute and static in its perception.
At the same time, I think that power is shown to be something far from totalizing and constant. Mr. Thomas shows this in his experience. He starts off the narrative believing that he has power only to find that he has been locked into a bathroom and discarded, his voice silent. When he is released, he finds his house destroyed. Reflective of how his power has disappeared, the lorry driver laughs at Mr. Thomas' misfortune, indicating that it is "nothing personal." In this light, Mr. Thomas' predicament highlights how power is fluid. His life has changed from at one point possessing it, and now is in a position where it is absent from his own being. It is something that has gone from his being and his struggle is adapting to a life where there is no power of which to speak. Power is shown to be a shifting quality, and one that makes one's life difficult to endure without it. It is here in which the shift of power and its fluid quality can be seen as a main theme of Greene's work.
Sources:
Join to answer this question
Join a community of thousands of dedicated teachers and students.Join eNotesGiants Organization Report
After two surgeries and two wasted years of development, Kelyn Acosta entered major league camp with no medical restrictions. And the Giants believe the hard-throwing righthander can make up for lost time in a hurry.
After two surgeries and two wasted years of development, Kelyn Acosta entered major league camp with no medical restrictions. And the Giants believe the hard-throwing righthander can make up for lost time in a hurry.
Veterans Dave Roberts, Woody Williams, Alan Embree, Ryan Klesko, Chan Ho Park and Mike Piazza are gone.
Blossoming in the bullpen, lefthander Troy Cate sniffed an opportunity with the Cardinals and chose to strengthen his chances with some innings in the Mexican Pacific League.
Andrew McCutchen is bigger, stronger and wiser.
A year ago, Kyle Drabek was getting ready for his senior year at The Woodlands High in suburban Houston.
Just when Travis Buck seemed almost unstoppable, his body shut him down.
Until now the Yankees have relied on film and scouting reports when it came to evaluating the young arms they received in trades that sent Gary Sheffield to Detroit and Randy Johnson to Arizona.
M.
Jeff Manship might not be the most famous athlete to come out of Notre Dame recently—one of his former roommates comes to mind —but the righthander has the Twins' front office excited about the future.
The Brewers' decision to move infielder Bill Hall to center field this spring could have an interesting trickle-down effect throughout the system.
The Dodgers entered spring training with 53 players in major league camp, including several of the organization's top prospects..
Kurt Mertins, not Alex Gordon or Billy Butler, had the highest batting average in the Royals farm system last year.
Not since they selected Craig Biggio in the first round of the draft nearly 20 years ago have the Astros been able to draft, develop and produce a major league catcher of any significance. John Buck, drafted in 1998 and traded in 2004 to the Royals in the Carlos Beltran deal, comes closest.
Coming home isn't always the best thing for ballplayers.
Tigers assistant general manager Al Avila saw Yorman Bazardo pitch three impressive shutout innings at the Caribbean Series, but that wasn't the first time Avila noticed the 22-year-old righthander..
Scott Lewis and Jensen Lewis share the same last name, the same Ohio roots, and the same likely destination in 2007: their home state..
Trying to line up the eventual replacements for their veteran starters, the White Sox acquired six young pitchers in a trio of trades this winter. Wouldn't it be funny if it turned out that that one of the best options was a guy they've had in their farm system since Mark Buehrle's rookie season? 1,347 STV w,,,-/ Unsung heroes Meet two players who give their all In Sports B1 Volume w s ww esewbetinco Volume 33 Issue 72 Scout Day set for Saturday IN THIS ISSUE A4 militaryy A 5 'Happy First honors t' Birthday' photos WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 2008 'f. Today's Forecast %',- 83 High 50 Low Ann Spann /Crestview News Bulletin Obama supporters listen to retired Gen. Wesley Clark speak in Crestview on Tuesday. The campaign comes to Crestview Local residents react to Gen. Wesley Clark's appearance Kyle Wright Crestview News Bulletin Crestview got a taste of 2008 presidential campaign Tuesday morning. Retired Gen. Wesley Clark, a former presidential candi- date, spoke to about 80 Ba- rack Obama supporters from the steps of Northwest Florida State College's local campus. "I'm just a military guy up here giving you the ammuni- tion," Clark said. He went on to critique the current administration's re- sponses to four crises over the last eight years the Sept. 11 attacks, the Iraq War, Hurri- cane Katrina and the current financial situation and con- cluded "we need new ideas and new leadership." He capped his 20-minute address by leading a cheer of "Yes we can!" the rallying cry of the Obama campaign. Bill Cox of Crestview hopes Clark will play a prominent role in the next administra- tion if Obama wins the elec- tion. "I hope he's going to be our next Secretary of Defense," Cox said. "We need to change the direction that this coun-' try's been in the last couple of years. We need to get back to basics." Crestview residents like Katina Robinson came to pro- vide backing for the Obama campaign. "I'm an Obama support- er, and I'm here to show my support," she said. "He's for change." Attendees like Samuel Al- len hoped Clark would clar- ify some of Obama's stances on the key issues. "I want to find out exact- ly what (Obama) is talking about," Allen said. "That's my main reason for coming out. Even though I'm a sup- porter, I still want to know Retired Gen. Wesley Clark shakes hands with Crestview resident George Stakley after speaking at a rally in support of Barack Obama. Crestview residents Samuel Allen and Florence Hayes were among the Obama supporters that gather to hear retired Gen. Wesley Clark speak on Tuesday. what kinds of things he has to say. "I want to hear some straighttalk, what should I expect from the candidate if he is elected. That'%. what I w\rant to hear." Veterans like George Stak- ley of Crestvie\\- made up the maloritv of the audience "As you can see I'm a vet- eran," Stakley said, noting his Army hat, "and I'm interest- ed in things about veterans. I want to-hear Gen. Clark's views how the government will respond to the current situation. I want to hear the truth, and I believe he will give us the truth." Kevin Cate of the Obama campaign explained the ra- tionale for an Obama rally in a Republican stronghold. "No. 1 there, are a lot of veterans in this area," he said. See CAMPAIGN A8 Toys For Tots opens in north county Brian Hughes Crestview News Bulletin Fulfilling a long-recog- nized need, Toys For Tots now has a presence in Crestview. The U.S. Marine Corps' Christmas toy collection campaign now has local representation, spearhead- ed by Crestview resident Melinda Manchee. She said the Crestview office has been approved by the USMC to collect and distribute toys in the Baker, Laurel Hill and Val- paraiso communities. "All donations will stay in our community," Man- chee assured. "Everything we raise here stays here." Manchee said monetary donations the local Toys For Tots effort receives will be spent at local mer- chants to buy toys for dis- tribution. This year's local Toys Brian Hughes /News Bulletin Local Toys-For-Tots organizer Melinda Manchee announces the formation of their group to area pastors during their September ministerial association meeting. For Tots drive begins to- day and runs through Christmas Eve. Manchee encourages See TOYS A8 Renee Bell /Crestview New-' Bulletin This grey fox was captured by The Ark Wildlife Removal staff after likely eating a homeowner's cat off John King Road. Cat-eating fox captured near Shoal River Brian Hughes Crestview News Bulletin When off John King Road. The duo quickly identi- fied the likely culprit as a fox and set a trap. Vincent said foxes, well, outfox the usually alert cat, which can defend itself against dogs by the familiar hissing, puffing up, clawing and biting. Foxes are another story. "The cats don't know how to fight like that," Vin- cent said. "Cats are used to something that will bark and fight them. A fox will sneak up on 'em and bite him on the back of the neck. Then it's all over for the cat." Last Friday The Ark's trap held the likely perpe- trator of the resident's cat's demise: a grey fox with or- ange-tipped fur. "That fox can kill a cat al- most twice his size," Vincent observed. "He liked the first one so much he wanted one more to go!" Instead, the fox earned a free ride up to the woods near Laurel Hill, where, with the landowner's permission, it was released unharmed. By Florida law, Vincent explained, critters must be released at least 10 miles from the place where they're captured and must be ob- served for 24 hours before release to make sure they aren't rabid. 1998-2006 Award Winning Newspaper Florida Press Association Better Weekly Newspaper Contest "' J TABLE OF CONTENTS WEATHER................... A2 EDITORIAL .. ............... A6 MILITARY .................... A4 SPORTS ..................... B1 BUSINESS ........... . . . .. B5 CLASSIFIEDS ............. B7-B8 0 FREEDOM UM r 'e.'I l 'z i PER c'I T"I tS ':Ti, . on Fire Worlds Most Perfect Diamond Has Arrived J E W C R S 866 N. Ferdon Blvd. Crestview. FL vertry. .ew am n . 50C A3 I _ ________1__1__1__1_____ _ -- - Nai at the Coast -I C _C--ls~--~-~-)--rm~-~-~~-~-c~ -_C- ~skl-I~LLp ----1-lir46 LOCAL A2 Crestview News Bulletn WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 20081 Ann Spann / Crestview News Bulletin Real horsepower on U.S. Highway 90 Motorists on U.S. Highway 90 in Crestview on Monday morning shared the road with some real horsepower. A group of horseback riders touting itself as the "Heckowee Tribe" rode through Crestview en route to the Northwest Florida Championship Rodeo scheduled to start Thursday in Bonifay. The group stopped at Burger King for a breakfast break before riding on to its annual appearance at the rodeo. COMMUNITYBIEF Special to the News Bulletin Kiwanis Club installs officers The Kiwanis Club of Crestview, at its annual in- stallation dinner on Sept. 19, named its officers for the 2008-09 term. Ken Frost was passed the gavel to become presi- dent. Karen Donaldson will serve as vice presi- dent/president elect. Bet- sy Miller and Malcolm Haynes will continue in their roles as secretary and treasurer, respectively. The local Kiwanis club meets weekly on Wednes- days at noon at Ryan's. All who are interested in serv- ing the youths of our com- munity while having an enjoyable time are invited to join Crestview's oldest civic organization. Relay For Life kickoff event set A Crestview Relay For Life Team Rally Kick- off will be held at 6 p.m. Thursday at Walker El- ementary. Attendees are asked to wear their favorite at- tire from the 1980s. The event will include lots of 1980s fun and informa- tion about the 2009 Relay For Life. ~4p %Ip - ib-- * ~- 014 Oat I~t4w l o Copyrighted Material ^ ^ Syndicated Content, Health Dept. announces flu shot program Available from Commercial News Providers Special to the News Bulletin The Okaloosa County Health Department will be hosting Maxim Health Systems to offer its influ- enza vaccination program at the both its Fort Walton Beach and Crestview lo- cations during October and November. Maxim will offer flu and pneumonia immu- nizations to improve the health of the local clm- munity. Maxim provides flu shots to children age 9 and older unless restricted by a state 'regulation or law. For children younger than 9, parents should contact their pediatrician or visit the health department. Pregnant women can re- ceive a flu shot without a physician's order, but will require one for a pneumo- nia shot. Crestview area clinics will be hosted at 810 James Lee Blvd. at the dates and times listed below. Oct. 9: 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Oct. 16: Noon to 4 p.m. Oct. 23: 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Oct. 30: Noon to 4 p.m. Nov. 6: 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Nov. 13: Noon to 3 p.m. Nov. 27: 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. Maxim accepts Medi- care Part B with no co- pay required. For those paying out of pocket, the influenza vaccination is $30 and the pneumonia vaccination is $45. The following primary insurances will also be accepted: Aetna, Ameri- group, AvMed, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida, Care Plus Health Plans, Freedom Health, Health- spring, HIP of NY, Opti- mum Health, Preferred Care Partners of Florida, Quality Health Plans, and Vytra. Please bring your in- surance and I.D. cards. City of Crestview reports MICHAEL TRACY LONG SR., 147 Third Ave., Crestview, was charged with cruelty to animals. 8/29: ROBERT OREN CANNON, 41, of 510 Candlewood. Lane, was charged with retail theft. JAMES MELVIN COX, 40, of 3029 Stilwell Blvd.,, Crestview, was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs and driving while license suspended or revoked, first offense. * JAMES MELVIN COX, 40, of 3029 Stilwell Blvd., Crestview, was taken into custody based on a warrant from Santa Rosa County. 8/30: CARLOS ESTEBAN MEN- DEZ RODRIGUEZ, 42, of 441 Race- track Road, Lot 54, Fort Walton beach, was charged with driving un- der the influence, failure to drive in a single lane and driving a vehicle in an unsafe condition. JESSICA JADE PENNINGTON, 24, of 4054 Elmcrest Drive, Pensacola, was charged with retail petit theft. RACHEL NI- COLE DIAZ, 29, of 1447 Cypress St., Niceville, was charged with retail pe- tit theft. EARNEST T. GOODMAN, 23, of 102 Laurel Oak Terrace, Crest- view, was charged with possession of less than 20 grams of marijuana. * TONY PAUL HENDERSON, 3068 J-r/en OI I ' -: b - ;------- 7erry Qiorc Dice 7+pei,/enlfft ioryGaYe Boan Of//cer Downtown Office 302 N. Wilson Street Crestview, FL 32536 850-682-5112 Aplin Road, Crestview, was charged with disorderly intoxication. * DUSTIN D. EMERSON, 27,5150 First Ave., Crestview, was charged with possession of less than 20 grams of marijuana. 9/1: PAUL BLASING, 25, of 104 North Hillside Dr., Oconto Falls, Fla., was charged with operating a motor vehicle without a valid license. 9/2: JOSEPH CORDARYL HEN- DRIX, 21, of 206 McArthur St., Crest- view, was charged with sale of cocaine within 1,000 feet of a convenience business and possession of cocaine with intent to distribute within 1,000 feet of a convenience business. 9/3: ANDREW MARSHALL MCK- INNEY, 5442 U.S. Highway 4, Baker, was charged with driving while li- cense suspended or revoked, first of- fense. 9/21: BRADLEY PAUL BORLAND, 22, of 2190 Hagood Loop, Crestview, was charged with burglary, criminal mischief possession of a controlled substance, possession of a new legend drug and theft. MICHAEL CHRIS- TOPHER FEIOR, 29, of 4633 Eagle Way, Crestview, was charged with three counts each of grand theft and committing a Florida Communication Fraud Act. races An update from Almarante Volunteer Fire Department Chief Dave Henderson. Alma- rante's fire department holds a 6/9 ISO rat- ing. Several Almarante firefighters took part in the Northwest Florida Volunteers Fire- fighter Weekend last month in Niceville and received valuable hours of training. The department tentatively has sched- uled its Open House for Oct. 25 from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. The department plans to team up with the Laurel Hill Fire Department for a safety presentation at Laurel Hill School in mid-Oc- tober. This will be the fourth year the depart- ments have teamed up for the presentation. The department soon will start selling raffle tickets from a hand-made cypress porch glider. Tickets will be $5. The department hopes to sell 500 tickets. Tickets will be avail- able from any Almarante firefighter and at the Laurel Hill Grill. The glider will be on display at Farm World on State Road 85. The drawing is scheduled for Dec. 1 "Fire Chief's Report" appears in the News Bul- letin on Wednesdays and will provide an update on fire departments in north Okaloosa County. Of FTN- ATINAL BANK ... OF CRESTVIEW MEMBER FDIC 'our Hometown Bank Since 1956! Our newest "Friendly Face" at First National Bank of Crestview is Vice President, Terry Ford, Mortgage Loan Officer Extraordinaire! Terry, a 21 year banking veteran, also serves as our Community Reinvestment Act Officer. Under her leadership and expertise, First National Bank of Crestview received an "Outstanding" rating in CRA by the Federal Regulators. She is a graduate of the University of Florida, School of Banking. An expert in consumer credit counseling, Terry also participates in financial education 6f:-c consumers of all ages including affordable housing seminars. Active in the community, Te rry is a past director and a member of the education committee of the Crestview Area Chamber of Commerce. She also serves on the Women's Advisory Committee of the North Okaloosa Medical Center and is Treasurer of the Okaloosa Saves Community Coalition, deigned CREST.V. '*fa l a I * In County 3 months.............................. $9.00 6 months............................ $17.00 1 year................................. $31.20 Out of County 3 months............................ $14.00 6 months............................ $22.00 1 year................................. $36.20 Ask your Advertising ds, A"I Representative about - our Color by the Inch I 'u " Program, Customer .-. Appreciation Sale, and GCPO ack i our Online packages. (850) 682-6524 = A .- ....I 1 ,1 t \I .L 3L I IVOLIUVVIMUVV Ul-tll MEN= qb q ~c ~ + Heather Nitzel Youth Services Librarian PROGRAMS Preschoolers and Caregivers, meet some marvelous marsupials at Story Time today or thursday! Sign-in begins it 10 a.m. The stories, ongs and finger plays bout koalas, kangaroos, wombats and more begin at 10:15 a.m. We'll give you a kangaroo and joey o make at home! Next Week, Oct. 8 or 9, join us for a celebration of our ovable, smart, curly- ailed friends and make a ig! What did the sow say o the hog? "You're such a pig!" Teens ages 12 and ip, come play Wii with is from 2 to 4 p.m. on Fridays. It's that time again! Vany people have made fabulouss donations, and we are simply overflow- ng with books! The much anticipated Friends of the Library Book Sale opens Friday from 5 to 8 p.m.! To get first pickings on Friday, there is a $2 ad- mission charge, or it's free if you join the Friends of the Library. Go to our Web site or call to find out how, or come to the book sale, and they'll sign you up in person. The book sale will continue Satur- day and Sunday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. with no ad- mission charge. Happy Birthday to you! What kid doesn't like to celebrate a birth- day? So, whether it's your birthday or not, children under the age of 3 and their caregiver are official- ly invited to Lap Sit on Tuesday. Sign-in begins at 10 a.m. The stories, songs, and finger-plays begin at 10:15 a.m. STAFF PICKS "Ella Enchanted" by Gail Carson Levine (J Fic Lev). Asha Thorn- ton, one of our student WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 2008 it OUT volunteers, made a list of two books I must read and one movie I must watch. She would claim it was forever ago. To be honest, I'm not sure how long it's been sticking to my computer moni- tor (long enough for the sticky note stickiness to become ineffec- tive, so I had to reinforce it with tape). The list is: 1) "What My Mother Doesn't ' Know" by So- nya Sones; 2) "Ella Enchant- ed" movie; and 3) "Ella Enchanted" by Gail Carson Levine. (Actually, Asha wrote "Ella Enchated," but we can't all be OCD about spelling. Asha and I agree books generally beat movies based on books every time, so if we haven't read the book when a movie comes out, we watch the movie first to avoid disappointment. Then we can enjoy the movie and the book). I skipped "What My Mother Doesn't Know" because I was looking for a movie based on a book to show for a Fam- ily Library Time, so I can't recommend it at this time, nor can I remove the sticky note from my monitor. I thoroughly enjoyed watching "Ella Enchanted," but the book was oh so good! It's the first book I've read in a long time that I couldn't put down. I love to sleep, and not much wins out when it's time to sleep, but this book kept the light burning! Disney's version of Cinderella paints a picture of a girl whose heart is so good that she cheer- fully slaves away in her own home. Now really, I don't know anyone with a heart that good. At least, I can't identify with her. Gail Carson Levine paints a much more realistic picture. (That's a funny statement about a fairy tale with ogres, elves, and curses). Thanks for the recommendation, Asha! I'll have to read "What My Mother Doesn't Know" soon! JUST ASK Any questions? Just ask Jean, Lise, Sandra, Anna, Marie, Sengdara, Tracey, Janice, Audrey, Crestview News Bulletin I A3 Web:- view.org/library.htm QUOTE OF THE WEEK "Talents are best nur- tured in solitude: char- acter is best formed in the stormy billows of the world." Goethe. Scout accomplishments on display at Crestview library Special to the News Bulletin , ,,Rn view. A formal Scout Day . Fru MUv INF iru Learn more aboul the area Boy Scouts at :ww.w..gLilcoatcucn- cil or, or call 6.3-1-0330 display is on the left. A Boy Scout display to the right. A Scout Day display is in the center. Fact sheets describe the programs in detail. Local Cub and Boy Scout units are shown with their Charter Organization name and the schools they usually recruit from. Boys do not need to at- tend public school to join. Scout Day began in Crest- view last year. Scout Day is Saturday in the city of Crest- SA display highlighting the scouting program from first- ;rade Tiger Cubs through Boy Scouts, Explorers and Ventur- ers greets visitors to the Crest- view library this month. "We hope that this dis- :lay will excite our boys and lelp them join the program," wrote Rae Schwartz, Area 3oy Scouts of America Unit Commissioner. "We also hope t brings back great memories or our adults! It might even pur some to offer their expe- -ience to our units." Visitors who walk through -he library's main entrance will see three cases full of Scout artifacts. The Cub Scout - * = O o- * - program will not be held, but Schwartz hopes individual scout units in the area will mark the occasion. "This year we're mark- ing our tradition of service," Schwartz said. "We're en- couraging everyone to wear their uniform on Saturday and do or plan a service event for the public. We're looking to see what we can do to help. That's part of our promise to help other people, especially in these times." Local scouts also will cel- ebrate the achievements of Chayne Sparagowski, the area's newest Eagle Scout. Sparagowski's Court of Hon- or will be held Saturday. This shelf in the Cub Scout case highlights the annual Pinewood Derby. Boys make their cars and race in their packs, with the winners going on to the District Derby. Some units also do a Space Derby or Raingutter Regatta. IA R~ C ALEN A R3 * 00 - 4w w Crestview News Bulletin Ten Little Indians Agatha Christie murder mystery presented by the Crestview High School i Drama Club. Limited seats available for pre-show dinner Friday and Saturday night, presented in conjunc- tion with the Culinary department, served at 6 p.m. in the Bulldog Caf6. Tickets are $7 for students and adults; $5 for children 10 and under; dinner theatre is extra. Thursday, Friday and Saturday at 7:30 p.m.; 2 p.m. Sunday matinee. Call (850) 689- 7177, x3640 for tickets or information. 'Out of the Closet' Art Seminar The North Okaloosa Cultural Arts Associa- tion presents an infor- mal session Saturday to encourage local artists to get out. their art supplies, pens and paper, paint and canvas, or dancing shoes and ex- press themselves. Baker Block Museum, time TBA, (850) 537-5714,- seum.org. And Then There Were None Another Agatha Christie murder mys- tery, presented by Northwest Florida State College. Performed at 7:30 p.m. in the Sprint Theater at the Mattie Kelly Fine and Perform- ing Arts Center on the NWFSC Niceville cam- pus on October 8, 9, 10, and 11. Tickets; $20 for adults and $15 for youth. -b ro e'u' *or .-ow 4 a - O u - Copyrighted Material , -*w." - '3 SI I. Available from Commercial News Providers - *0 0 - 0 I 6 * 0 qmob 0 --d qw. .460 Sharon or Heather. We will be happy to assist you. CONTACT US In person: 1445 Com- merce Drive (behind the Post Office) Phone: 682-4432 LOCAL Family Library Time: Pumpkin Painting Bring your own pumpkin and wear paint-able clothes to the Crestview Community Center on October 21! We're painting pumpkins! Registration is required for this free event spon- sored by the Crestview Public Library and the Okaloosa County Public Library Cooperative. Anyone 6 years old and older (including moms, dads, grandmas, etc.) may pre-register and pick up a free ticket at the Crestview Public Library.. When you visit the pumpkin patch to pick the perfect pumpkin, keep in mind it will be wet with paint when you leave. We recommend small pie pumpkins because they are cost-effective and eas- ier to handle, especially when wet. Painting begins at 7 p.m. in the Meeting Room. Call 682-4432 with questions. First Tuesday Lecture Local author Dann Wallis will present "Iro- nies of the Civil War" for the Oct. 7 First Tuesday Lecture at the Robert L. F. Sikes Public Library in Crestview. Wallis is the author of the historical fic- tion adventure novel "Burnin' Daylight" set in the early days of the war's western campaign. A se- quel in the works is tentatively titled "Up Trail." The lecture begins at 10:30 a.m. with coffee and cookies served starting at 10 a.m. For more information call 682-4432. * 0 * S 0 * 0 * * * * * * * 0sp 4O % "pAb o B o m 4u .91u, A4 Crestview News Bulletin MILITARY WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 2008 Glenn awarded Legion of Merit __ Maj. John Heil 332nd Medical Brigade public affairs NASHVILLE, TN - On a hot, sunny Sept. 13 at the Gaylord Opry- land Resort, Command Sgt. Maj. Gary Glenn (Ret) formally handed over command of the 332nd Medical Brigade to Com- mand Sgt. Maj. Donnie Montgomery, the same day Glenn was awarded the Legion of Merit for serving his country with distinction and honor for more than 30 years. Glenn lives with his wife Helena in Crestview and works for the Okaloosa County Board of Commis- sioners as a Supervisor. Glenn had served as Command Sergeant Major of the 332nd Medical Bri- gade since Feb. 1, 2003. He earned his associ- ate's degree from Indiana University and attended numerous military schools, including U. S. Army Re- cruiters School and the U.S. Army Sergeant Ma- jors Academy. Command Sgt. Maj. Glenn enlisted in the Army in May 1978. His many as- signments included squad leader, platoon sergeant, First Sergeant, and Com- mand Sergeant Major. Other awards Glenn re- ceived during his career in- clude the Meritorious Ser- vice Medal with two oak leaf clusters, Army Com- mendation Medal with seven oak leaf clusters, the Army Achievement Medal with 10 oak leaf Special to the News Bulletin At top, Command Sgt. Maj. Gary Glenn (Ret) hands over the unit saber to Brig. Gen. Margaret Wilmoth, commander of the 332nd Medical Brigade, who then handed it over to Command Sgt. Maj. Donnie Montgomery on Sept. 13 in Nashville. Glenn ended his five-plus-year role as the command sergeant major of the 332nd Medical Brigade and 30-plus-year career in the U.S. Army. Above, Glenn is awarded the Legion of Merit by Wilmoth. clusters, Good Conduct Medal with fourth clasp, Army Reserve" Compo- nents Achievement Medal with third oak leaf cluster, National Defense Service Ribbon with Bronze Star, Armed Forces Expedition- ary Medal, Armed Forces Service Medal, and the Order of Military Medical Merit. Glenn also has been honored as the Army Sol- dier of the Year and Eu- rope Non-commissioned Officer of the Year. Congratulate Command Sgt. .Maj. Gary Glenn by posting a note at- viewbulletin.com. Local soldier earns quarter honors at Qatar camp Pfc. Chyna Williams (right), from Crestview, was honored as the Area Support Group Qatar Soldier of the Quarter at Camp As Sayliyah, Qatar, on Sept. 18. "This was a great experience," said Williams, ASG-QA postal clerk. Since its 2004, the program has provided a local respite for over 165,000 war fighters. With Williams is Army Sgt. Wavney Clery, from Brooklyn, N.Y., the Area Support Group Qatar Non- commissioned Officer of the Quarter ------- Zachary Hyatt Zachary Hyatt of Baker grad- uated from U.S. Air Force basic training at Lackland. Air Force Base, San Antonio, Texas, on Aug. 28.. Zachary is the son of Donnell and Donald Stroheker of Baker. He has three brothers and two sisters. He is a graduate of Baker School. Samantha L. Robinson Samantha L. Robinson has joined the United States Army under the Delayed Entry Pro- gram. The program gives young men and women the opportuni- ty to delay entering active duty for up to one year. The enlistment gives the new soldier the option to learn a new skill, travel and become eligible to receive as much as $50,000 toward a college education. Af- ter completion of basic military training, soldiers receive ad- vanced individual training in their career job specialty prior to being assigned to their first per- manent duty station. Mike Snodgrass Mike Snodgrass has been promoted to the rank of senior master sergeant in the U.S. Air Force. Snodgrass, a first sergeant with 23 years of military service, is assigned to the 436th Airlift Wing, Dover Air Force Base, Del. He is the son of Susan and Cal- vin Coulboum of Crestview. The sergeant received an as- sociate's degree in 2000 from Community College of the Air Force, Maxwell, Ala. He earned a bachelor's degree in 2005 from Southern Illinois University, Carbondale, Ill. Katherine V. Guillory Marine Corps Pfc. Katherine V Guillory, daughter of Reigh A. Rupert of Crestview, recently completed the Administrative Clerk Course at Personnel Ad- ministration School, Marine Corps Combat Service Support Schools, Camp Lejeune, N.C. During the eight-week course, Guillory learned basic skills and knowledge in person- nel management and adminis- tration procedures. With her newly acquired knowledge, Guillory is ready to prepare personnel evalua- tions and reports, leave autho- rizations, military identification cards, and official orders for Ma- rines changing duty station. Guillory is a 2005 graduate of Okaloosa-Walton College Col- legiate High School of Niceville and joined the Marine Corps in March 2008. Denny T. Prier Air Force Tech. Sgt. Denny T. Prier has arrived for duty at the 343rd Recruiting Squadron, Offutt Air Force Base, Omaha, Neb. Prier is an enlisted accessions recruiter with 15 years of mili- tary service. He is the son of Tom and Monika Prier of Holt. The ser- geant is a 1992 graduate of Crest- view High School. Timaria D. McKay Air Force Airman 1st Class Timaria D. McKay has arrived for duty at Malmstrom Air Force Base, Great Falls, Mont. McKay, a force management apprentice, is assigned to the 341st Force Support Squadron. He is the son of Natalie S. Williams of Laurel Hill and Earl McKay of Crestview, and a 2007 graduate of Laurel Hill High School. Shuwta S. Moore Air Force Airman 1st Class Shuwta S. Mo. She is the daughter of Betty Moore of Laurel Hill. Moore graduated in 2000 from Laurel Hill School, and received an associate degree in 2003 from International Acad- emy of Design in Tampa. Daniel A. Geer Air Force Airman Daniel A. Ge. He is the son of Ben Geer of Crestview. 44 .- - -;f ----r-~V~*~g~I~g~1 -; i ~.- < .4, ,~c ~. f (~- r(>LC ~,j g ~ .- ,.. -'-. 1 , _ _ Do Your Skin a Favor Ask for y, i'e consultation tr a corin age-dl-i regime n 99 96 i 92 ' "c ,M a """ 311 North Main Street Crestview, FL 32536 682-6655 Special to the News Bulletin . - .... -. ... , Q C Ca '-''~~~~~~~~~~~ ~ '* '^ -J-l:^. i JSss*:--w1 . .. Downtown Crestview 335 North Mlain Street 850-682---7779 Nlonday Friday 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Saturday 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. -..." .. ......- ..--^ !- .,"-'-' '*':*-1 '...-'*- ]- 7-r~--.-r--- - WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 1. 2008 LOCAL Crestview News Bulletin I A5 Happy First Birthday! Aiden Dutf' (top) re- cently celebrated his first birthday. He is the son of Misha and Peter Duffy of .. Okaloosa Cournty. .. Allie Cadenhead (bot- . tom) recently celebrated her first birthday. She is .. -, the daughter of Adam and . Cristelei of Crestview Is your child celebrat- ing his or her first birth- - day soon? Jill Smith takes the Crestview' News Bul- letin's "Happy First Birth- day!" photos in het siidi..- at 5669 Reinke Dr., behind the Crestview library. Pho- tos will be taken by ap- pointment between 8:30 '" and 10:30 a.m. on Tuesdays starting Oct. 7. Please call 826-1819 for an appoint- ment. A free birthday photo will be taken for publica- tion in the Crestview News Bulletin. Additional photo packages are available for purchase. "Happy First Birthday!" photos are pub- --' ' lished on the first and third Wednesday of the month. Photos must be arranged child's first birthday. Call within one month of the 826-1819 for details. TOPS helps pave the way to health An unprecedented study of more than 350,000 American adults by the Centers for Disease Con- trol (CDC) has revealed that more Americans than ever before identify them- selves as overweight or obese. A national health ob- jective, Healthy People, administered by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, aims to reduce the adult rate of obesity to no more than 15 percent by the end of 2010. TOPS Club, Inc. (Take Off Pounds Sensibly) helps individuals live healthier lives and contributes to the success of reducing obesity and obesity-relat- ed illnesses. TOPS actively promotes a combination of sensible eating, regular exercise and ongoing support to TOPS OP-. Clut.. Inc. Take COl Fc'unjr s aene:.iL.l, i a p.-.'-. erful, nonprofit, rioncornr- fner,-l1 .', ight-l:.s su.our.,rT and well, e:-.;. e u r,:'ri ,- ganization with thousands Ot a ..:., ,r-,hapters in trle United States and Ca-iroda: t.ienib-ers about 1-.0,0 e0 worldwide), learn abr:ut nutrition. portion control . food :,inning. e.er,:.ie. ird .; ri.,re in weekly meet- ingr Wa eih-in- ,.]roui:c -eeljac -. and .j LIrJpport help rnember iti cr.e thei- g.:.als TOPS is the original weight-loss organi- zation and its international hea',:lquadrter, i.-:. I,:, dC ia i '.lJlC.ukee, \W, CRESTVIFW News Bulletin wwr s . help members achieve and maintain their weight-loss goals. Sarah Hernandez said she lost 101 pounds by incorporating more fruits and vegetables into her diet, making time to exer- cise every day and attend- ing weekly TOPS chapter meetings. "It wasn't easy," Sarah admitted. "The support of my chapter helped me reach my goal and helps keep me there as well." To find one of the local chapters, visit. org or call TOPS Head- quarters at (800) 932-8677. Felgenhauers celebrate 60 years On Sept. 18, Art and Es- telle Felgenhauer celebrat- ed their 60th anniversary. A celebration was held on Sept. 20 at the Senior Activity Center at Spanish Trail Park for family and friends. The theme was a Hawaiian luau, "bluegrass style." Music was provid- ed by the "Pickers & Grin- ners," a bluegrass/gospel group that performs at the senior center on Thurs- day and Friday nights at 6 p.m. Karaoke was also part of the evening's en- tertainment, as well as Art playing his Hawaiian steel guitar. Art and Estelle were married in Prospect Heights, l., and lived in the Chicago area until 10 years ago, when they moved to Crestview. They have two children, nine grandchildren and Wells prepare for 50th anniversary Mary and Chuck Wells of Crestview will celebrate their -.- - golden wedding anniversary Oct. H 15. The couple was married in 1958 at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Church in Toledo, Ohio. The couple has a son, Chip Wells, and a daughter, Cindy Williams. Their grandchildren are Sarah (Matt) Becky, Rick, Katie and Jodi. They also have a great- granddaughter, Paige. The Wells will celebrate at a later time with a trip to Branson, Mo. nm erry The be t rained people in ~ h ,t a ..r'he business./'.r Fre: Phone Quotes L Cu -.-ni:z.. clcim ; -cmi, [.- ni et ? ycur pnti- diu r.,'-d and budget * Bond d ar. iir, ur,,, ..r n-..... n * 'A e r iEr u- IF ..'. I nE. di i in en [ .n d i ii p pl h : l -" II Crestview 850-89"-2149 mearym.aidnfla' aol om New Installations Pump Outs Repairs Permit Packages Available Fill Dirt *Land Clearing Serving Okaloosa Walton Santa Rosa Counties for more than 30 years! BBB T- Now Accepting 77A - =1 ....... ^^^S Ph:85.62.23 or85.82.85 Need Eye Glasses to Read? Smart LensessmI CaGll Todai' a.: Niceville Location 115 Bailey Dr. 678-5338 MULLIS EYE INSTITUTE Darren Payne, MD Board .-. -,..' Eye Surgein & .' ,,.,.. .. '. * Energy Efficient All Electric Hom Call Today (850) 477-0006 or 1-866-775-0006 or visit our model Hwy 29 2 Blocks S of Walmart in Pensacola Mon-Fri (8-5), Sat (9-5) es More of Everything Prices do not include lot, and are subject to change. 2008Heritage Homes of Northwest Florida, LLC Crestview Location 930 N Ferdon Blvd. 682-5338 You'll The NEW Berkshire! Value is always a good buy. "E . With new industry moving to A the Gulf Coast, Heritage Value r BEDROM / is worth more than ever. And I MASTER prices are the best in years. ,0 ,KITCHEN A. Lock up YOUR Heritage Value. o " Pick out your home at today's 2244 sq ft special prices. MASTER. BRM- EDROO3 4 bedrooms MASTER B- RM I 1 ,o 0",-' ,.11. 2 baths Now building in more areas in Alabama, Forw"Wo. Ony Mississippi, and Florida. Prices may vary and DINING For 0 nly are subject to change. .- 'a 12'-0" r 143,300 S THE CAMBRIDGE 38 ECONOMICAL WAYS TO LOCK UP VALUE NOW 38 Models 1,106 to 2,472 sq ft s72,900 to s159,900 Heritage Value With Every Heritage Home Special Prices Interiors Designed For Today's Lifestyle Curb Appeal That Will Make You Proud The Same Features As Much More Expensive Subdivision and Used Homes ..__..__ I I DiA: Dcrdtr Prnll'll SS/rl eles Pnrocedure can pro'duclt, der lris'iol Iv'lhol/ e G/ (l' ,ISSe-S t/ il l IS/ Ice/C lS (cose It), finr ilr(' a 1 il .I t & i-co ) Call foramate E uiIti.DarrePyn :~"; Opinion & Editorial Here is a sampling of what people had to say about recent north Okaloosa County news.top- ics. Comments were collected from the www. crestviewbulletin.com Web site. Topic: News Bulletin Reporter Brian Hughes opposes Amendment 2, an amendment meant to define marriage as a union between one man and one woman. I belie\ e this is more about homosexu- als trying to gain society's acceptance of their sinful lifestyles than about trying to gain any legal benefits a normal marriage enjoys. Homosexuals are still free to live as they choose and there is nothing pre- venting them from co-habitating. How- ever. the government has no business in sanctioning a lifestyle the majority of us find unacceptable and immoral. I have nothing against homosexuals in general as individuals... but I am totally opposed to having my tax dollars being used to fund something that I find illegitimate and immoral. How exactly are vour tax dollars be- ing used fund something? Last I checked the parties involved paid for the marriage license, the sen ice. etc. As for this being about homosexuals trying to gain accep- tance, just where did you get that idea from? I could hale sworn this was about a relgious coalition formed for the express purpose of establishing their belief as word of law by way of the Defense of Marriage amendment. Because we, as Christians, don't sup- port gay marriage does not mean we cannot find any love in our souls as Mr. Hughes speculated in his article. As a Christian I have friends who are gay that I love very dearly, and they know it. They also know that I do not agree with what I consider their "lifestyle" and I do not agree with gay marriage. They love me in spite of what they consider my "flaw". It is possible to be loving, compassionate and empathetic when there are differences in beliefs and opinions, and it is possible to have very meaningful relationships in spite of them. I have learned an awful lot about hn- mosexuality ever, since our nephew told the family he wa- gay. I chose to open my heart and my mind and learn more about why people are gay and why they are not. My nephew did not choose to be gay. Why would someone choose some- thing that is so reviled by those who are so close-minded? When my nephew finds a special man I hope he will be able to form the same lawfully binding union that my wife and I enjoy without the hatred and rancor and ignorance I read in some of these posts. If you choose to believe gays are not born gay, fine. But you have no right to try to turn your ig- norance into state mandate! Profundity Brian Hughes As I travel around western Europe, I'll share some travel-related Profundities in my absence. "I think the epic journey is a part of our lives... The journey's goal is to attain a truth, a new knowledge. But unless it's brought back and shared, the journey/ isn't complete." DR. ROBERT BALLARD (1942- ) Oceanographer and Underwater Archeologist Guest commentary: Dear Rep. Miller Peter J. Blome, Secretary of The Libertarian Party of Okaloosa County, delivered this open letter to the office of Rep. Jeff Miller. Dear Sir, I am sure you are aware the American economy is in trouble. It has become sick from decades of government in- tervention. es- sentially worthless. Along with other related debts recently assumed by the government, you will be asked to force a total of $18,900 in debt on each and every man, woman and child in America, at interest, forever, for some- thing they had nothing to do with. You will be asked to use the threat of im- prisonment to enforce this debt. I am going to ask you, at the very least, to do nothing about this bill. My very best hope is that you will take the lead to roll back government subsi- dies and privileges across the board. Government intervention brought us to this point, and more gov- ernment intervention will only make the problem worse. Our dysfunctional economy is the result of at least a century of special favors given to those who have influence in Wash- Asyou. ington and the use of an unsound money system. It is time that this stop. The role of government is not to own companies, nor to grant favors, but to protect individual rights. The government own- ing companies makes a mockery of the Constitu- tion and its rights and pro- tections. Government makes the laws and over time will favor itself. Government has access to the Federal Reserve Bank's money printing presses, and hence unlimited funds. Government uses these powers every time to the disadvantage of every citizen that competes with it. enve- lope." This summer the Ameri- can people received a $160 billion "stimulus package" from the Congress. This apparently "free" pack- age was funded by the private Federal Reserve Bank printing it and loan- ing it to the Government at interest. In the past six months the Federal Reserve Bank has announced $200 billion in privileged money sales to banks to pump more cash into circulation. It may save banks that have made bad decisions, but it also fuels inflation. Retire- ment accounts, pensions, fixed investments and fu- ture payments from Social Security and Medicare will all become worth less as a result. As you well know, a few weeks ago the United States became as socialist as any Cold War adversary by nationalizing the mort- gage industry to the cost of $5 trillion dollars. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac be- came the massive liabilities they are because they had an implied government backing to their bonds. They used that to undercut competition and grow far larger than they should have in a truly free mar- ket. Backing their bonds and nationalizing these companies was a betrayal of American concepts of liberty and property. This past month wit- nessed a complete disre- gard for any pretense of legality when the Federal Reserve and the Treasury forced a private insurance company, AIG, to sell an 80 percent controlling interest in its company to the Trea- sury of the United States for $85 billion in instantly ! created dollars. It seems the government can take whatever it wants now, and pay for it with money created in the blink of an eye. What if a majority in Congress decides it wants what you have, Congress- man? A moral hazard has sprung up where every company in trouble seeks a bailout. There is now tallk of insuring all money mar-] ket accounts to the tune~-f $50 billion, and bailing oiut General Motors and Ford motor companies for $25 billion each. Over the years econom- ic control has been cen- tered in Washington. Now: the debts accumulated can' fatally flaw the U.S. dol- lar. The resulting inflation will destroy the average American. It will reduce our ability to compete in;. the world economically and politically. It threatens, to destroy the fabric of our' society. Make no mistake. Our government is changing for the worse its relation- ship with the American people, and the role of the market, contracts, private property and the Constitu-! tion in our daily lives. Don't kill that which made us great as a nation: individual rights, free 'm4r-' kets and limited govern- ment. Sincerely, Peter J. Blome, Secretary' The Libertarian Party of Okaloosa County Editor's Note: Rep. Jeff Miller voted against the pro- posed $700 billion Wall Street bailout/rescue plan. Ask the Attorney: Landlord-tenant success Ii Earlier I discussed the importance of establish- ing and following good ground rules in the land- lord-tenant relationship to avoid conflict in a re- lationship that should be mutually beneficial. Equally important is maintaining good com- munication between land- lord and tenant, especially when a conflict does de- velop. Not surprisingly, com- municating effectively within the landlord-tenant relationship requires a working knowledge of the lease and the law. Lease provisions often specify certain communications between landlord and tenant that must be made in writing. Further, Chap- ter 83, the chapter of the Florida Statutes covering most aspects of the land- lord-tenant relationship, specifies several situations where a written notice is required to preserve a / legal right. In some situ- ations Chap- ter 83 even gives sample language that should be used and Nathan specifies how D. Boyles and when certain com- munications are to be de- livered. For instance, a landlord is required to give the ten- ant written notice that the rent is overdue at least three business days before filing a suit for eviction. Tenants also have a legal obligation to put certain communications in writ- ing, a requirement often overlooked by tenants believing a phone call will suffice. For example, the tenant must give the landlord written notice of a maintenance deficiency before having a legal right to act on the landlord's failure to fix the problem. Thus, it is important to know which communica- tions must be in writing, any language that should be included and any spe- cific instructions for deliv- ering the communication. Written communica- tions are generally prefer- able, even if the message being conveyed is not required to be in writing by the lease or the law. A written document leaves little room for ambiguity, provides proof the com- munication was made and is easily referenced later in the relationship. Some may find written com- munication to be overly formal or threatening, but the benefit generally outweighs the risk. Fur- ther, the negative impact of a written communica- tion can be lessened by a quick phone call to the party receiving the com- munication to advise them a notice is forthcoming, informing them of the contents of the communi. cation and why it is being sent in writing. With a little effort by both parties, the landlord- tenant relationship can be mutually beneficial. Es- . tablishing a set of ground rules and becoming famii- iar with those rules can help to avoid potential ' conflicts. Practicing good communication by puttiirg! important information irn writing can help to restlye; a conflict quickly if and: when one does arise. - Nathan D. Boyles, At-'. . torney at Law, practices at. 204 N. Main St.; Crestiieu, j FL 32536. He can be reached at 689-8505. His column iz'l appear on the first lVcdneslnu of the month. This coluinmis intended for general educa" ' tional and entertainment p b-! poses and is not legal advice Every situation is unique. If you have a legal issue yoit should contact a lawyer wii' I can provide counsel. d, JCNB TAF - Jason Mobley General Manager jasonm@ crestviewbulletin.com Kyle Wright Editor kylew@ crestviewbulletin.com Melissa Tedder Amanda Kosche Office Manager Graphic Artist Melissa@ amanda@ crestviewbulletin.com crestviewbulletin.com Ann Spann Photographer anns@ crestviewbulletinln,com Greg Allen Production Manager greg@ crestviewbulletin.com Randy Dickson Renee Bell Sports Editor Community News randyd@ okpublishing@ crestviewbulletin.com crestviewbulletin.com Sherrie Stanley Receptionist/ Circ. Asst. sherries@ crestviewbulletin.com Denise Cadenhead Receptionist ' denisec@ : crestviewbulletin.com; A6 WEDNESDAY, OCT. 1, 2008 ___________________________________ WEDNESDAYOCTOBER 1 8 EDUCATION Crestview News Bulletin IA7 From An update from Antioch Elementary Principal Glen- da Robinson Recent news Antioch has imple- mented a Hands on Science program with a "nutty" Professor Pink who brings science to life! Her unique ward- robe, the "hanging" planets and the constant hypothesizing, observ- ing and calculating help students understand sci- ence in a new light. Students have been studying our great Con- stitution and the rights, the Principal's Desk: Antioch Elementary Glenda Robinson privileges and respon- sibilities of being an American. Learning to sing the Preamble helped many Avia- tors under- stand the importance of this document. At a recent Parent Writing Night parents obtained strategies to assist their children in becoming better writers. Emphasis was placed on being writing role models and allowing children to see the im- portance of written com- munication in everyday life. Upcoming events Our pre-kinder- garten, kindergarten, first-graders and second- graders will participate in Read for the Record on Thursday by reading the book "Corduroy." Jumpstart's Read for the Record is a campaign designed to bring atten- tion to the importance of early education. By encouraging hundreds of thousands of children and adults to read the same book on the same day, Jumpstart aims to break a world record and to make early edu- cation a national priority. Children and adults will read together at events nationwide in schools, libraries, stores, hotels, playgrounds, offices, and homes. Our first grade Aviators will perform Johnny Appleseed under the direction of music teacher Patti Mitchell on Oct. 28 at 6 p.m. in our Multipurpose Room The Kids Vote, Too election will be held Nov. 4 in our Media Center. Each 'registered' Aviator will cast their vote for president. We're building citizenship, instilling the importance of being a part of this great country and bring- ing current events to children. Kids for America, a songfest to honor our military, will be conduct- ed by music teacher Patti Mitchell..Grades K-2 will perform Nov. 7 at 9 a.m., and grages 3-5 grades will perform Nov. 10 at 9 a.m. in the multipurpose room. American Education Week will be celebrated Nov. 17-21 with special activities planned for each day. Spelling Bees in grades 1-5, Open House, Scholastic Book Fair in the Media Center and a Blood Drive are opportunities for our parents and commu- nity to participate in the wonderful educational environment of our 810 Aviators. "From the Principal's Desk" appears in the News Bulletin on Wednesdays and will provide an update on news from schools in north Okaloosa County. NWFSTATE I COLLEGEGRADUAT Northwest Florida State College recently announced the Summer Term 2008 graduates. A total of 521 individuals graduated from the college for the summer semester that ended in August. Highest Honors 'Students earning Highest Honors, a grade point average of 4.0, include: Certificate. Crestview: Jason L. Oliver, Madeline Maria-Fernanda Perry Applied Technology Diploma Crestview: Deborah Kesler Educator Preparation Institute Crestview: Connie Sue Miller High Honors Students earning High 'Honors, a grade pointaverage. of 3.8 to 3.99, include: Associate of Arts Degree Crestview: Yvonne Marie Corrie, Karen Elizabeth Rogers Associate of Applied Science Degree Crestview: Leslie Leanne Beaman Educator Preparation Institute Crestview: Rachel Elizabeth Campbell Baker, Donald R. Gleason, Jennifer Walker Honors Students earning Honors, a grade point average of 3.5 to 3.79, include: Associate of Arts Degree Baker: Amy Elizabeth Hession Crestview: Victoria Bartos, Christopher E. Denham, Cara Nichole Hulion, Shawn Richard Kelly, Harry F. Paulus, Mary Salmond Associate of Applied Science Degree Crestview: Abigail Kinsey, Rosetta Mae Klemkosky Certificates Baker: Mary Valtina Yedo Crestview: Larry E. Crabtree, Rachel L. Hilton, Reba Martin, Bryan S. Miller, Skylar Nitesh, Rachel Rothe, Aritha Kastein Watson, Jerod Robert Wilson Applied Technology Diploma Crestview: Sarah J. Adams Educator Preparation Institute Crestview: Myra Haley Mann Kirby Degrees and Certificates Students who completed the requirements for degrees and certificates include: Bachelor of Applied Science Degree Baker: Daniel Alan Batson Crestview: Christy Harbottle, Felecia M. Jarriel, Nora Maria Jessen, Antonio Union Associate Of Arts Degree Baker: Dustin Ray Ball, Katie L. Barnhill, Weylin Ceferino Felicilda, Marcell Young Crestview: Amy Nicole Anderson, Jessalynn Borja, Jenica Renee Brunson, Angela Lauralee Cannon, Jennifer Christine Carrasquillo, John David Cassady, Matthew Ryan Cawthon, La'terica Shonte * Clark, Torri Lynn Yoshiko Coleman, Diana Maria Conner, Rory Angus Dale, Lisa. Michele Day, Sarah Jeanette Dunn, Patricia Ann English, Christine Faith Gowan, Marina Hobson, Nicole Hunt, Erica V. Jarrard, 'Kimberly Jones, Alissa Nicole Kahler, Melissa May King, Erin Lindsay Maijub, Miriam Serall McGriff, Kelvin James McLaughlin, Terry Miles, Michael Tyrone Miller, Kaila Marie Muriera, Chris Newell Jr., Tabitha Paschal, Tyler Renner, Amanda Michelle Richards, Perscilla Love Ritenour, Alma Roberts, Janice Roberts, Tina D. Rushing, Steve Seals II, Justin Stephens, Dalvin Anthony Williams Jr. Holt: Donna Chance Laurel Hill: Joshua Edward Bowness, William Bundrick, Kelsie Reeves, Winston Monroe Tillman Associate of App Science Degre Crestview: Nina R. Jessalynn Borja, Sid Bright, David R. Debolt Orlando Gutierrez, Hobson, Nora Maria Michael Craig Lemley, J. Moore II, Antonio Jerod Robert Wilson Holt: Michael A. Zie Associate of Scier Degree Crestview: Sean Jason L. Oliver Certificate Baker: Lindsay R. D Dennis Andrew C Rachael Joyce Kil Crystal Nicole Nichols Crestview: Nina R. Maria Hokulani Brown, Brown, Jeffery A. Cain Chavez, Joshua L. Lindsay Leigh Da Joseph Gennaro, Ch J. Goleta, Jasmine F Stacy Lynne Lipscomb St. Pierre Massey, Bc Moore II, Erich Nickless K. Pratt, Jared Charles Michael A. Vinzant, Wright Holt: David T. Pilkilt Laurel Hill: Jessica Douglas Educator Prepara Institute Crestview: Cryst Scott lied e Ailster, ney M NWF State College recognizes paramedic graduates Special to the News Bulletin S oergio Northwest Florida State College recently recognized Marina Jessen, the 2008 class of students who successfully complet- Bobby ed the college's Paramedic vocational certificate pro- Union, gram at the end of Summer term. Paramedic Certificate graduates from North Oka- rden loosa County are: Baker: Matthew Baxley Crestview: Christopher Clark, Joshua L. Conley, Griffith, Jason L. Oliver. Barry Reed, EMT/Paramedic/EMS program man- ager, said the graduates are eligible to sit for the Florida Paramedic certification exam and the Na- )uncan, tional Registry examination. gamble, A Increase All graduates successfully completed a rigor- ous 1,206 hours of classroom time and 676 hours Ailster, of clinical training on ambulances and in Donald hospitals. SAdam Graduates are now certified in Advanced Cardiac Conley augette: Life Support (ACLS), Pediatric Advanced Life Sup- iadwick port (PALS), Acute Coronary Care Syndrome (ACS), R. Hall, Advanced Stroke Life Support (ASLS) and Interna- , Carol tional Trauma Life Support (ITLS). s, David New students may begin the paramedic 3Smith, program each August, but applications for admis- Paris sion to the program are accepted on a year-round basis. For information contact 729-4924 or see the Nicole program's Web page at Paramedic. All the college's health related programs of study, ition including Nursing, Dental Assisting, Radiography, EMT and Paramedic will hold an information ses- tal C. sion and open house for prospective students on Oct. 14 at 5:30 p.m. at the college's Niceville campus in Building K. CRESTVIEW AREA CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PRESENTS THE a& a- AT HERITAGE PLANTATION 8A.M. SHOW/9A.M. "SHOTGUN" START SPONSORED BY: ol PUBLICITY BY' Daily News : NORTH OKALOOSA 00DO oo MEDICAL CENTER HOLE IN ONE SPONSOR: ,"oh Mi C *JEEP WAAZ-WJSB News Bidleiii, PUTTING CONTEST SPONSOR- CLOSEST TO PIN SPONSOR: EdwardJones MAKING SENSE OF INVESTING GOLD SPONSORS SouthemULNC 'r. ..'i, CCB EPublix. F/RMTIONAM WALMAR iII REGISTRATION: SPONSORSHIP AVAILABLE Gold $500.00, 4 player slots'. hole sign. name on sponsor sign. and mentioned In all promos Silver $I00.0.. -I player slots', and name on sponsor sign Hole Sign $100.00 Single Player $'75.oo Bnng ; urmn ream o assigned cra un-a Mulligan Package $20.00 per player. mdudes mullian. red tee buster and lunch tidckt. 'Sr.j. u tj unable t :' ijW a 3 piayer(',i to rE rE n your .--or t. by tIre reoswitrl deacirm. s~c i u p o exi, i Putting Contest Sponsored By 1 National Bank OfCrestview $2.00 per putt, unlimited puts One "A" player per tearr "A" player is 10 handicap and undeL Registration Deadline is noon on Wednesday,; October 8.,2008. "Limited to the first 2" teams" Please return registration form to the: Cresr'iew Area Chamber of Commerce. 502 S. N lain Street. Crestview FL 32536 or by Iv.xat 682--413 __1_ _____I__m Rm '4 A I . VV ,-Li I --% %19. I I ,_ ~~fa~Es~E~~ R;~Pi~i~ll~Bsa~~lai"a~g""""b"s"~"""~~B" . v ;d -..,. .ft '. 4-i%6f i4 A8 I Crestview News Bulletin LOCAL WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 2008 Fire destroys Crestview home ", 1 ----Ann Spann Crestview News Bulletin CRESTVIEW An early morning fire Monday de- stroyed a home on Cavalier Drive. Firefighters responded to a home that was totally en- gulfed in flames at 3:23 a.m. Monday. The residence, owned by Henry C. Price, was a to- tal loss, but firefighters were able to save an adjoining building and workshop on the property. The Cavalier Drive residence is located at the intersection of Register Lane, about one block north of U.S. Highway 90. The North Okaloosa Fire Department responded to the call, aided by the Crestview and Dorcas Fire Depart- ments. There was an estimated $125,000 in property dam- age. The cause of the fire is currently under investigation by the State Fire Marshal's office. Investigators from the Pensacola and Panama City offices were on scene late Monday morning, along with a K-9 trained to detect flammable liquids. Ann Spann / Crestview News Bulletin Detective Tommy Barron and his K-9 Amy from the Bureau of Fire & Arson Investigations office in Panama City were called to investigate the cause of the early morning house fire on Cavalier Drive. CAMPAIG N continued from Al "We. need to make sure we're talking to veterans about the issues they care about. We believe Sen. Obama's message is loud and clear. He has been behind them throughout his career and will stand behind them as the next commander in chief. "What is important about this campaign is fact we are not limiting ourselves to traditional blue areas. This is not a blue-red campaign. This is a campaign for change. Sen. Obaba's message is resonating in areas like Crestview. On this par- ticular tour we're going to highlight the rural and military issues that come before our residents every day. It's important that folks like Wesley Clark come out here because it brings the community together to hear the mes- sage." See video of Gen. Wesley Clark's comments at North- west Florida State College's Crestview facility online at Ann Spann ICrestview News Bulletin. Retired Gen. Wesley Clark spoke in support of Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama on Tuesday. TOYS continued from Al businesses and churches to set up collection boxes to receive new, unopened toys, or to collect mone- tary donations organizers will use to purchase toys. The News Bulletin is a collection point. You may bring new, unwrapped toys to our offices, 295 W. James Lee Blvd. The local Toys For Tots group seeks volunteers to help run fundraisers, gather donations, and dis- tribute toys at Christmas. "Hopefully we'll have a lot of donations, so we'll need a lot of volunteers," Manchee smiled. Local organizers request clergy to refer members of their congregations who may benefit from Toys For Tots contributions. "A lot of families could use the help but aren't enrolled with us, or some don't like to ask for help," TOYS FOR TOTS FACTS * Founded in 1947 b, a gr.Jup of LU.S. Marine Resenists in Los '.ngele- * re tha 5000 to,_ .were dsEltrricuted dJuirig ts nrrt to: * The firit to, distributed b,. T0,s fr Tots w :h.s a Ragged,. Ann doll * The "train logo was designed b-, VValt Disney * It's the onl,' charitable organization in the Department of Defense that reaches outside the m-litar, * Campaign organized atdcay ,over almost 500 cornrnrni- ties in all 50 states, Puerto Rico and the District of Columbia * Between r1947 and 2003. Marines distributed .?313 mllin tos to 151 million need', children * The L.larnie Tc, i. for Tots Foundatibon is in:oir:.orated under Section 402 off the not-for-priot Ciorrortabon lae of the state of Ne York rand is an IRS recognized 5011cil.3) not-lor-profit public charm, * 'visit the Web site,. V... .to',';forots.Org 0 Ch v oe-S- 0 j W Aj& 02DdeDaoaCe 0 H Accord L,4 Lc-- I-- I- L 8 herlet umia 90I SpcC 97 ,or Rage,- 0 IDodge1i0i0 08i rndPix II *. TOYS FOR TOTS For information about vol- unteering, donating toys, setting up a collection-box, or enrolling a family, con- tact Melinda Manchee at (850) 902-7351 or e-mail Melinda.rnanc hee@'yaroo. -corn The annual Tcys-For- otrs drive begins today arid Scontirues -,thougrih Dec. 4. Bring newv. unwrapped gils to any local collec- tion point, including the Crestview Bulletin's office, 295 W. James Lee Blvd. Manchee said. She requested that people referring families for 'toy distributions pro- vide the age and sex of the child. "We don't want to give a little boy a Cabbage Patch doll," Manchee said, hastening to add, "unless he wants one, of course." - -- 04 Ford F350 Crew 4WD r I 08 GC Serr Z7 CRESTVIEW NEWS BULLETIN Second View B SECTION BUSINESS..............B5 CLASSIFIEDS...........87-88 B3 Fridayfootball B4 Commun0ity B5 Local company WEDNESDAY, boxscores sports photos makes donation OCTOBER 1,2008 SCHEDULE Today Middle School Volleyball Davidson at St. Mary's, 3 p.m. Bruner at Richbourg, 3:30 p.m. Middle School Cross Country Davidson, Liza Jackson at Lewis, 3 p.m. Richbourg, Meigs at St. Mary's, 3 p.m. Thursday Boys High School Golf Crestview, Rutherford at Walton, 3 p.m. Girls High School Golf Crestview host at Heritage Plantation, 3 p.m. Junior Varsity Football Niceville at Crestview, 4 p.m. Baker at Northview, 6 p.m. High School Volleyball Pine Forest at Crestview, JV 4 p.m. V 5 p.m. Baker at Vernon, JV 5 p.m., V6 p.m. Quincy Monroe at Laurel Hill Varsity DH, 3:30 p.m,, 5:30 p.m. Middle School Football Davidson at Bruner, 6:30 p.m. Pryor at Richbourg, 6:30 p.m. Middle School Boys Basketball Pensacola Christian at Baker, 5:30 p.m., 6:30 p.m. Foxwood MGA Golf Tournament The Foxwood MGA championship will be held Oct. 11 and 12 at Foxwood Country Club. The tournament is only for members of Foxwood and MGA and will have an 8 a.m. shotgun start each day. Teams will be drawn by the tournament committee Entry deadline is 4 p.m. Oct. 10. Hacker's Holiday Golf Tournament The Crestview Chamber of Commerce will host its Annual Hacker's Holiday Golf Tournament on Oct. 11 at Heritage Plantation Country Club. . The tournament is spon- sored by the North Okaloosa Medical Center. The event is open to the public at a cost of $75 per player or through team spon- sorships which are available for $400 or $500. If you would like to play or help sponsor the tournament you can get an application by going to- ber.com or call 682-3212. Memorial Tournament The Christian Thomhave Memorial Scholarship Golf Tournament is set for Oct. 24 at 1 p.m. at Foxwood Country Club. Play in the two-person scramble begins at 1 p.m. with a shotgun start. The tournament funds a scholarship at Northwest Florida State College (former- ly. Unsung HEROES Appelberg's effort impresses Crestivew coaches Randy Dickson Crestview News Bulletin In a world of unsung heroes Crestview defen- sive lineman Josh Appel- berg might just be on the top of the list. Standing 5-foot-8 and weighing 175 pounds, Ap- pelberg isn't the prototypi- cal nose guard even at the high school level. As a backup player his action often is limited to a hand- ful of plays a game when a starter needs a break. Don't think for a second think Appelberg isn't ap- preciated by his coaches and teammates. "I haven't ever known him to miss a practice," Bulldog defensive coordi- nator Keith White said. "I haven't ever known him to miss a rep. "I've never known him to talk about anything that would hurt someone else. He's always positive. He always tries to encourage other kids. And he always gives maximum effort." Bulldogs head coach Matt Brunson, whose team is 2-2 with a bye this week, also appreciates Appel- berg's effort. "Josh Appelberg is a kid that gives great effort every day," he said. "Maybe he Ann Spann / Crestview News Bulletin Crestview's coaches praise the efforts of senior defensive lineman Josh Appelberg. doesn't get rewarded with as much playing time as he would like, but he always has a positive attitude and never a negative word. ."He does nothing but pick up and encourage his teammates." Crestview middle line- backer Gabe Goodson gets an up-dose look at Appel- berg's effort. "He's a hard worker and a good guy," Goodson said. "He works real hard in the weight room. He doesn't get a lot of play- - ing time, but he still comes to practice every day and practices real hard. ' "He reminds me that even though I'm starting. right now that he could take my spot. He could take anyone's spot, and it just makes me work hard to make sure I keep my spot on the field." White put Appelberg's value to the team in a proper perspective. "He doesn't get a lot of snaps in the game, but he understands that with- out him at practice giving the offense a great look the offense is not going to be very good on Friday night," White said. "If he's in the game he's always running to the football you'll know that's him because he's al- ways sprinting to the foot- ball. He doesn't give up on a play until the whistle blows or a coach calls him off." Appelberg was encour- aged to play football by CHS freshman coach Jay Sanders when he was in middle school. Once he got on the field See CRESTVIEW B2 Hooper earned prominent role in Gator lineup Randy Dickson Crestview News Bulletin BAKER To para- phrase an old cliche, when talking about Baker' football player Dakota Hooper, it's not the size of the Gator in the fight, but the size of the fight in the Gator. . Standing around 5-foot-8 and weighing in the neighborhood of 160 pounds, Hooper hardly strikes fear into the oppo- sition physically. Yet with 37 tackles in four games he's among the defensive leaders for the 3-1 Ga- tors. "You're not big enough and you're not strong enough to be on the field, but now you are and you're an integral part of the team," a beaming Baker coach Bob Kellogg told Hooper. "You're the guy." Hooper handled the praise in humble fashion. "It makes me feel good," he said. "I feel like he has trust in me even though I'm not the big- gest player, I can still get the job done." Hooper battles a size Ann Spann / Crestview News Bulletin Dakota Hooper does a little bit of everything for the Baker football team. disadvantage, and he also serves as an inspiration by not letting diabetes keep him from the game he loves. "I have to check my sugar all the time and watch what I eat," he said, "but it doesn't con- trol me. I control it. "It has given me a lot more responsibility and forces me to keep my head right." Kellogg looks at Hoop- er as the epitome of what . a high school player should be. "Dakota is what high school. football is all about," he said. "It's about kids that want to overachieve and make a commitment to a team and are dedicated. "That's Dakota when you wrap it all up. He's a coach's player. Whatever you ask Dakota to do, he'll do." There's nothing like football to Hooper. "I love football," he said. "I always liked the game. "I've been playing here since I was in the eighth grade, and the coaches have given me opportu- nities. I just love playing football." See GATOR B2 Separating CHS football facts from rumors Randy Dickson Crestview News Bulletin Since last week, I've heard the rumors sur- rounding the Crestview football team. That "X" number of players left the team for whatever reason. I've sought.answers. Getting answers from any coach high school, college or professional, in any sport at times can be difficult at best and im- possible at worst. A coach is there to pro- tect the program and the players who are gutting it out in the difficult times. About the only thing I can say with absolute certainty is leading rusher D.D. Johnson was not with the Crestview football team as of this writing. Whether he'll be a Bulldog again in the future remains to be seen. That's a family issue between coach Matt Brunson and his team. I'm not sticking my head in the sand pretend- ing other problems within the Bulldog family may not exist. If you had been in Brunson's office Monday morning you would know I tried to get the facts from him like a, well, Junkyard Dawg. I presented my case that the rumors would continue until there were solid answers. His position, which I can understand and respect, is that a conversa- See FACTS B2 VOLLEYBALL Laurel Hill 3, Rocky Bayou 2 Rocky Bayou Christian and Laurel Hill locked horns in a District 1 -A volleyball marathon that lasted almost two hours Sept: 23. In the end a healthy dose of Katie Fiee led the Hoboes to the five-game win 10-25, 25- 18, 26-28, 25-13,15-9. Free filled the stat sheet with 28 kills, 10 digs, 7 blocks, 5, aces and two assists. Laurel Hill: Elizabeth Van Winkle 14 assists, 1 ace, 8 digs; Katie Free 28 kills, 10 digs, 7 blocks, five aces, 2 assists; Jami Sheets 12 assists, 6 digs, 1 ace; Amber Richey 5 aces, 5 digs, 2 kills, 1 assist; Amanda King 4 aces, 4 kills, 5 digs. Crestview 3, Pace 0 Jacey Sanders' nine as- sists and three aces were part of a well-rounded Crestview attack in a 25-17, 25-15, 26-24 District 1-5A win on Sept. 23. Crestview (3-5, 2-3) also received three kills and two aces from senior Brittany Zellars. -Crestview: Lauren Estep 1 block, 2 aces, 1 kill; Alicia Dukes 3 kills, 1 block, 3 aces; Brittany Zellars 3 kills, 1 assist, 2 aces; Dawn Holderfleld 2 kills, 1 block, 1 ace. Crestview 3, Freeport 0 Alicia Dukes had 10 kills and Jacey Sanders had 15 assists to lead Crestview to a 25-20, 27-25, 25-22 win over Freeport on Thursday in a non-district match. Crestview: Alicia Dukes 10 kills, 1 block, 3 aces, 1 assist; Anne Hooper 5 kills, 5 blocks, 1 assist; Erin Koester 5 digs, 2 aces; Jacey Sanders 15 assists. Baker 3, Rocky Bayou 2 Baker won the final two games to rally for a 25-22, 15-25, 25-27, 25-10, 15-5 non-district win over Rocky Bayou.' Baker: Kaylee Bradley 13 kills; Alyssa Horn 10 kills, 5 blocks; Kali Flanders 9 kills, 6 digs, 3 blocks; Courtney Fountain 7 kills, 5 digs; Lauren Griffith 31 assists. Laurel Hill 3, Central 1 The Hoboes picked up their second District 1-1A win of the week, this one by a 26-24, 25-19, 18-25, 25-19 score. BOYS GOLF Choctawhatchee 166, Walton 168, Niceville 170, Crestview 188 Walton's Paul McClure was the low medalist with a 38, but Choctawhatchee won a close match at Bluewater Bay. Crestview: Mike Taylor 40, Anthony Perez 46, Cory Peaden 48, Wesley Josey 54 Okaloosa County tour- nament A tough field and tough conditions were not enough to stop Choctawhatchee's boys golf team from repeating as Okaloosa County champions. Brandon Jowers won the individual title, beating FWB's Kyle Andre on the first hole of a playoff. Both players shot a 79. Team scores: Choctawhatchee 325, Fort Walton Beach 333, Niceville 339, Crestview 376, Rocky Bayou 423. Crestview: Jay Morgan 87, Mike Taylor 92, Anthony Perez 96, Wesley Josey 101. GIRLS GOLF Niceville 160, Fort Walton Beach 174, Choctawhatchee 216 Mary Mackin shot a 39 to earn low medalist honors and See BRIEFS B2 RARE Y UV IL ED We are always looking for sports information and news from those involved in our community. Please direct all sports news, information and results to Sports Editor __ R- I.ID A" Randy Dickson at (850) 682-6524 or by e-mail at randyd@crestviewbulletin.com N a t t o.. r lie If fira nfihe[ review News bulletin SPORTS WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 200 B 2 I Crestview News Bulletin ____________SPORTS_____________WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 200Q CRESTVIEW continued from B1 FACTS continued from B1 he was hooked on the sport. He continued playing for other reasons. "I like playing because it helps me keep my grades up," he said. "It keeps me disciplined and I don't get in trouble at all. "And it helps you meet good people. Most of the people here (teammates) are like brothers, and you can rely on them a lot." Appelberg might not take a lot of game memo- ries with him when he graduates in the spring, but that's not to say he won't have plenty to look back on from his playing days with the Dawgs. "I love it (being on the team)," he said. "Going up against our first (offense), I love hitting them. It gives you a challenge. "And being with my friends fishing on week- end, or coming together on the practice field having fun." The Bulldog coaches also will have fond memories of Appelberg. "He's not a big guy, but he has a big old heart," White said. "I could use a bunch of Josh Appelberg's hearts in a bunch of players." Look up Josh Appelberg's sta- tistics and stats for the rest of the Dawgs at our online Crestview sports reference page at www. crestviewbulletin.conm. BRIEFS continued from B1 lead Niceville to'its best team score in years in a match at Rocky Bayou Country Club. Crestview: Kenna Rogers 60, Erica Newman 63, Karen Jones 67 CROSS COUNTRY J.D. Mac Invitational Crestview finished second in the boys team standings Saturday at this event in Jay. Crestview was sixth in the girls team standings. Crestview boys: 5. Jacob Gourlie 17:08; 6. Corey Smith 17:22; 7. Dylon Brown 17:22; 10. Dylon Tillman 17:38; 11. Blake Sheffler 17:40. Crestview girls: 2. Lauren Day 19:08; 5. Taylor Polk 20:22; Juliet Yarger 22:28; Anessa Heatley 23:58; Katelyn Barton 24:57 MIDDLE SCHOOL Volleyball Ruckel def. Davidson 25- 12, 25-17 Richbourg def. Pryor Davidson def. Pryor 25- 15, 25-18 Richbourg def. St. Mary's Boys Cross Country Pryor 32, Richbourg 37, Lewis 62 Ruckel 23, Bruner 51, Davidson 62 Girls Cross Country Ruckel 20, Davidson 70, Bruner 73 Profession HeExaminerth L P APPROVED FOR M C MEDICARE PART B ..m FLU SHOTS NO APPOINTMENT NEEDED! Drive-In Flu Shots! We will come to our car! FLU CLINICS Oct. 8 S Crestview Pharmacy 9am-Noon *1116 N. Ferdon Rd, Crestview WHealth Smart Pharmacy 9am-llam* 5809 N. Hwy 189, Baker Oct. 10 PENSACOLA 3298 Summit Blvd Ste 33 850-434-6168 M-F 7:30am-5pm MILTON 6107 HWY 90 850-626-3430 M-F 8:00am-4Dm , CRESTVIEW 102 Alabama St Ste B 850-689-7592 M-F 8:00am-lpm FT. WALTON BEACH 11 Racetrack Rd Ste D- 1 850-243-2900 M-F 8:00am-4nm I- krr, ....... of- -u.. ........- - - -, I ' I '' Is .. co 290 tion between a player and coach is a private matter... even when the consequenc- es of that conversation seem to be news to the rest of the sports community. Saying I understand and respect Brunson's position isn't saying I completely agree with it. Yes, the conversation is a private matter. But the first law of physics is, for every action there's an equal and oppo- site reaction. The question on my mind is, what was the action that caused the equal and opposite reaction of Johnson not being with the team at this time? I don't deal with rumors from anonymous sources. I won't speculate without cause. Nor will I spread gossip. If you want to read gos- sip, pick up a supermarket tabloid. Brunson's position has always been to shed a posi- tive light on high school sports and to give the kids who are in the program, credit rather than perhaps give some sort of credibil- ity to one who decided to leave. He maintains we are talking about high school sports, not a major college or professional team. I'm not denying that ar- gument. At the same time, the Crestview Bulldogs are one of the top sporting at- traction in north Okaloosa County and to the Crest- view News Bulletin. The relationships between coaches and members of the media are unique. Often we must deal with each other with a guarded trust. Sometimes a coach stays silent about a situation to try and keep a calm for the kids who are still on the team. My senior year at Gulf Breeze High School we had five or six players quit over a decision the coaches; made about members of the football team not es- corting the homecoming court for the first time in school history. Some of the players were starters and key backups we could have used down the stretch run. After 33 years I really ! don't remember if there was an article in the paper about the players quitting. I do remember it was a team matter that was best handled by the team. That's the stance that Brunson is taking. As long as there are no facts that suggest a program out of control, I respect Brunson's position,! even if I don't completely agree with it. GATOR continued from B1 Hooper admits he's al- ways been on the small side. His parents were reluctant to let him play football at first. Yet by the time he was 10 he was suiting up in youth leagues. He has been on the gridiron ever since. Hooper didn't make a strong first impression on Kellogg and the Baker coaching staff. "I can remember him as a sophomore last year. I'm sitting there saying, 'There's no way we can put him on the field in this league,'" Kellogg said. "But you couldn't keep him off the field. The kid knows his abil- ity, and he knows how to use that ability. "I think about Dakota when he first came to us. He was up around 5.5 or 5.6 in the 40 and he's worked his way down by hard work to a 4.9." That hard work paid off with Hooper becom- ing a jack of all trades for the Gators. "We play him at safe- ty, at wideout, we move him to outside lineback- er," Kellogg said. "The kid will play anywhere you ask him to play, and he'd do a great job. He's a very intelligent kid, but he's a highly motivated kid. "He's what makes high school coaching fun. If you could put 11 Dakotas on the field you could be successful year- in and year-out. He's just a great kid and that's what's fun about coach- ing the game." Look up Dakota Hoop- er's complete statistics and stats for the rest of the Gators at our online Baker sports reference page at- viewbulletin.com. A hard dav's work doesn't have to be so hard. -- ------ -- -. --- -------.--- ----- - - --- ---------- - - -- ----- --------- -------- -- ------- -- --- . Grand L40 Series N M1- Series RTV900 Wise Equipment Sales & Service 1147 S. Ferdon Blvd. Crestview, FL 32536 (850) 682-3366 - - - -- - -- -- - --- --- - - - - -- - - --- -- I(,jbol,% ; r. R' T1IING 'OL, \1LL E You already know what a will does. Preplanning does more. Preplanning is a simple thing you can do to ease burdens on your family at a difficult time. No other form of preparation does all of these things: Makes decisions ahead of time Ensures wishes are carried out Prevents overspending Takes the pressure of selection process off your family Keeps costs at today's prices when paid in advance We specialize in preplanning. Call us and we can answer any questions you may have. 436 Westames Lee Blvd.,- CrestviewFlorida32536 436 West James Lee Blvd., Crestview, Florida 32536 4f (850) (8 Phone: (850) 6 o23 5 F (850^s _-3608 STARRS Preschool First Baptist Church of Niceville Child Development Center 622 Bayshore Drive -_ 729-6915 cdc@fbcniveville.org h ..,,,' ','- / ,-, I ,,." i 1 /'s i .,",' .'.", Free Four Year Old Voluntary Pre-Kindergarten (VPK)' 2008-2009 School Year Child must be 4 years old by September 1 'e pro, e a Corn tiar,-LT.as.ed. r.rucrurehd ,ar .-.on approach to learning designed tc prepare young cpnldren for k ndergarten Preschool Curriculum * Phonetic .\areness- * D'ranaic Pla\ * Social Snndjes * Mallienialics * .An l,\cli\ ilie * Prayer Time * Language Skills * CompIlmer Skills * Hanid\\riting * Science Low Teacher/Pupil Ratio PVPk is not based on income Available Now! Sleep Medicine Evaluations/Consultations Available at our Crestview :i a ~r~~ c. ...... .._ _ - -- ------------ - - --------- - .,: I I I 7% + WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 2008 i SPORTS Crestview News Bulletin I B3 I AR L AGES AN I G I 1ST DIVISION Jaguars 62.0 Armageddon 61.0 Hit Men 54.0 Disfunctional Dogs 42.0 Who Darted? 27.0 Scorpions 24.0 WEEKLY HIGH IN STATS Doug Cooper T20 Jo Mims 67 WEEKLY HIGH out STATS Terry Parker T60 Marie Bundrick 40 SEASON HIGH IN STATS Adam Kelly T30, Jo Mims 91 SEASON HIGH OUT STATS Terry Parker T60 Ellen Hashek/ Marie 3undrick 40 MEN'S MVP POINTS & TONS Adam Kelley, 152, 24; John Montford, 138, 22; ferry Parker, 129, 23; Wayne Matlock, 118, 21; D.J. Parker, 113, 18; Mark Benoit, 109, 1 6; Kevin Fitzgerald, 107, 25; Ray Knudson, 105, 14; Ron Meyer, 104, 22; oug Cooper, 95, 14; Ken undrick, 95, 23; Steve -linrichs, 93, 14; Brooks Faylor, 92, 7; Bobby Gainey, 34, 16; Bob Duboise, 84, 12; Rodney Brackett, 74, 4; Tom Pallone, 61, 8; Bill Brumbaugh, 55, 11; John -lashek, 32, 5; Brian Soals, ,32, 6; Keith Howell, 18, 4; Ron Jackson, 10, 2; Chuck 3agner, 3, 3; Joe Davison, 2,, ,; John Wood, 0, 0. WOMEN'S MVP POINTS [TONS Ellen Hashek, 79, 10; Marie Bundrick, 50, 5; Judy Fitzgerald, 45, 6; Jo Mims, 26, 4; Ann Olszewski, 19, 0; Rhonda Cooper, 0, 0; Sharon Hindrichs, 0, 0. 2ND DIVISION Hell's Henchmen 57.0 Stars & Stripes 37.0 Fallout 34.0 Darty Minds 24.5 AL Riders 23.0 A:L.Longshots 19.0 Elizabeth Kooncz 96 WEEKLY HIGH OUT STATS Rich Wesche 92 Lydia Benoit 42 SEASON HIGH IN STATS Rich Wesche T20 Johnathon Haggard T20 Elizabeth Koonce 96 SEASON HIGH OUT STATS Jack Miller T06 Lydia Benoit 59 MEN'S MVP POINTS & TONS Jonathan Haggard, 111, 19; Rich Wesche, 105, 19; Jonathan Burris, 96, 6; Aaron Zimmerman, 79, 14; Kenny Blair, 77, 8; Terry Hindall, 72, 9; Devin Fitzgerald, 70, 11; Carl Smiley, 63, 8; Paul Carney, 60, 9; Jack Miller, 52, 5; Al Zimmerman; 51, 3; Russel Carroll, 49, 4; Dan Cowan, 47, 2; John Griffen, 41, 2; Mike Ricks, 40, 3; Walt Montford, 37, 0; Larry Page, 36, 7; Gary Easterwood, 25, 0; Phil Phillips, 25, 5; Brian Martin, 17, 2; Darryl Brooks, 16, 0; Kevin Yaw, 13, 2; Jeff Blair, 10, 0; Robert Griffen, 9, 1; Rob Davis, 9, 0; Billy Becknell, 9, 0; Ted Glover, 4, 0; Russell Chamberlain, 0, 0; Charlie Suggs, 0, 0. WOMEN'S MVP POINTS & TONS Jenny Montford, 71, 7; Lydia Benoit, 65, 2; Elizabeth Koonce, 44, 2; Kim Page, 31, 7; Kristina Carroll, 30, 1; Jean Decker, 13, 1; Donna Barbera, 0, 0; JoAnn Smiley, 0,0. SPECIAL SCORES Adam Kelly, T80, 28 Aug 2008. John Montford, T80, 04 Sep 2008. Kevin Fitzgerald, T80, 11 Sep 2008. Toys for Kids Crestview s 10th Anniversary Run for the Toys .November 2,2008 Crestview Wal-mart Parking Lot (In Crestview on Highway 85 by I-10) Registration 9:30 11:00 a.m. ($10 and a NEW Unwrapped toy.) Food Raffle 50/50 09 0 00 After the ride at the VFW on 90 West of town. u Music by Hat Trick Cash Door Prize (So hold on to your registration ticket) S AllMotorcycle :/ A Enthusiasts Welcome! Toys and donations accepted at Wal-mart parking lot I during registration Distribution of all toys and funds by: ULFnA Families First Network POWER >UTHERN COMPANY Older children receive Contact: Ken Henninger at I gift certificates. 537-9798 PACE 37, Z CRESTVIEW 13 Pace has This field won th Crestview 7 0 0 6 13 goal was wonlhe Pace 14 3 20 0 37 kicked as last two 1ST QUARTER time expired meetings PACE Tyler Bousson 31 pass from Aaron Munoz in the first against /(Greg Peranich kick), 8:11 half. CHS CHS by a PACE- Tyler Bousson 37 pass from Aaron Munoz coaches combined (Greg Peranich kick), 2:49 coaches score of CRESTVIEW -Jordan Glover 18 pass from Jason Parker tired to 86-27 (J.T. Arnold kick), :47 convince the f 2ND QUARTER officials the PACE Greg Peranich 32 FG, :00 kick came 3RD QUARTER after time Pace's PACE Tyler Hunt 4 run (Greg Peranich kick) expired. The Tyler 11:54 discussion Bousson PACE Tyler Bousson 23 pass from Aaron Munoz resulted in led the (Greg Peranich kick), 5:17 led the PACE- Tyler Bousson 40 interception return three Pensacola (kickfailed), 4:30 personal area in 4TH QUARTER fouls receiving CRESTVIEW Jordan Glover 20 run (conversion failed), against the yards 2:32 Dawgs ... prior to \ this game PLAYER STATISTICS OFFENSE .. allowing PASSING Crestview, Jason Parker 10-20-2-102, Blake Pace to The Ritchie 5-12-0-46 kick off RUSHING Crestview, Jordan Glover 13-109, Jerry Siler from the HS lost 6-77, Jason Parker 8-29, Chase Boals 1-1 CHS 15 to fumble RECEIVING Crestview, Artis Coleman 5-68, Chris start the came on Pickett 4-40, Jordan Glover 1-18, Allen Caldwell 3-14, second a play Taylor Paul 1-8 half. Pace that could tried an have tied DEFENSE onside the game Crestview tackles-assists-total (total does not include onside at 14 sacks) Gabe Goodson 5-7-12, Amond Robinson kick, Pace's T p 3-5-8, Chris Briley 1-4-6, Darius Robbins 2-2-5, Chris recovered Holstein Pickett 2-3-5, Josh Jadin 1-4-5, Cody Swenbeck 0-5-5, it and stripped a B.J. McClure 3-0-3, Ben Baber 1-2-3, Levi Hendrix 0-3-3, scored to sippe a Mitch Kertis 0-1-1, Chase Boals 0-1-1. go ahead CHS Opponent's fumbles forced-B.J. McClure 1. g 24-7 runner Opponent's fumbles receovered DQ Dorsey 1. who Sacks- Chris Briley, Darius Robbins. appeared Gabe to be en TEAM STATISTICS Goodson route to a C P has led 60-yard FIRST DOWNS 15 9 CHS in TD late TOTAL NET YARDS 364 336 tackles in the NET YARDS RUSHING 28-216 29-115 in three second NET YARDS PASSING 15-32-2-148 -11-15-0-211 straight second FUMBLES-LOST 2-1 1-1 s g quarter. PENALTIES-YARDS 5-65 5-70 games BAKER 35, Baker SOUTH WALTON 33 spoiled South Baker 14 7 14 0 35 Baker Walton's South Walton 0 14 13 6 33 needed two 3-0 start. 1ST QUARTER plays on its BAKER Cameron Domangue 19 run (kick first scoring failed), 11:35 drive and BAKER Kellan Meeks 1 run (Cameron Do- moved 85 mangue run), 3:56 2N yards in 92 This Baker 2ND QUARTER seconds on TD came SOUTH WALTON Dennis Smith 1 run (David Bazylak the second one play kick), 8:20 after BAKER Kellan Meeks 25 run (David Beck kick) 8:10 scoring South SOUTH WALTON David Bazylak 36 pass from drive. Waton Cody Adams (David Bazylak kick), 1:43 Walton's 3RD QUARTER David SOUTH WALTON David Bazylak 75 kickoff return South Bazylak (David Bazylak kick) 11:45 Walton returned BAKER Kellan Meeks 63 pass from Cameron used a the Domangue (David Beck kick) 11:26 flea-flicker opening SOUTH WALTON David Bazylak 22 FG, 8:07 to score kickoff SOUTH WALTON David Bazylak 26 FG, 3:15 this TD of the BAKER Kellan Meeks 27 run (David Beck kick), 1:45 of the 4TH QUARTER second SOUTH WALTON David Bazylak 19 run (conver- half for a slon failed), 10:02 Cameron score Domangue PLAYER STATISTICS w ent over OFFENSE went over PASSING Baker, Cameron Domangue 3-4-0-88 -200 yards RUSHING Baker, Cameron Domangue 26-207, rushing in South / Kellan Meeks 8-90, Marcus Jones 4-19 a game for Walton RECEIVING Baker, Kellan Meeks 2-71, Christian the third came up Mainor 1-17. time this inches DEFENSEseason short on Baker tackles-assists-total (tackles for loss not included this in total) David Beck 6-5-11, Kellan Meeks 5-3-10, \ In addition PAT Cameron Domangue 7-2-9, Dakota Hooper 5-3-8, Tyler to his that would Holly 2-5-7, Josh Rose 2-2-6, Christian Mainor 3-2-5, \ s have tied Josh Williams 1-4-5, Cameron Davis 3-1-4, Tyler Moberly season- the game. 1-3-4, Brandon Ates 1-3-4, Jacob Lawson 0-1-1, Logan \ best Baker Wagner0-1-1. running then Tackles for loss Kellan Meeks 2, Josh Rose 1 total, went on Sacks-Josh Rose 1 Kellan. went on Interception Brandon Ates Meeks a 17-play Meeks drive that TEAM STATISTICS recorded used up B SW double- all but 2.7 FIRST DOWNS 19 17 digits in seconds TOTAL NET YARDS 404 259 tackles for of the NET YARDS RUSHING 38-316 30-135 the third NET YARDS PASSING 3-4-0-88 9-12-1-124 time this remaining FUMBLES-LOST 1-0 1-0 ' time PENALTIES-YARDS 4-28 12-85 year B4 I Crestview News Bulletin COMMUNITY SPORTS WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 2008 - H Local runners excel at Loop the Lake 5K Special to the News Bulletin At left, the Emerald Coast United Ul5 boys won the Endless Summer Soccer Tournament last month in Panama City. Team members are: Dylan Barbee, Amani Beliveau, Eddie Bird, Ricky Hoegg, Mikey Lightbourne, Frank Martinez- Soto, Marcos Melecio-Zambrano, Andrew Morrell, Manny Paravalos, Alex Parker, Kyle Pfeiffer, Anthony Provost, Omer Sadeh, Eathan Small, Jordan Supra, and David Williams. At right, the Emerald Coast United U11 girls won the Endless Surrimer Soccer Tournament last month in Panama City. Bottom row: Krista Abel, Kristen Anderson, M.C. Cockrum, Lexi Grandgenett. Top row: Jessica Chavis, Jordan Wallace, Kelsie Walker, Emily Pfaffenbichler, Mimi Paravalos, Lena Owens, and Julie Duchock. Not pictured are Savannah Low and Coach Tim Brown. Youth soccer teams win tournaments Special to the News Bulletin A pair of Emerald Cost United soccer teams featuring local play- ers won their divisions at the End- less Summer Soccer Tournament last month in Panama City. The Emerald Coast United U15 boys beat Tops of Florida 6-0 in the championship game. The team finished the event with a 4-0 record and outscored it opponents 17-0. The team earned a 5-0 win in a prelimi- nary game against Tops of Florida, a 3-0 win against BCYSA and 3-0 against Bay United Soccer Club. The Emerald Coast United Ull girls also captured first place in their age group. Special to the News Bulletin DeFUNIAK SPRINGS - Choctawhatchee Elec- tric Cooperative (CHEL- CO) held the 2nd Loop the Lake 5K and 1 mile kids' fun run on Sept. 13 to raise funds for the American Heart Association. To- gether with the help of sponsors, race participants and many other donations CHELCO raised more than $7,000. The .Northwest Florida track club timed 230 participants, about half from north Okaloosa County, as they crossed the finish line. Twenty-five children completed the 1 mile fun run. Crestview High School junior Lauren Day was the female run overall winner with a time of 20:08. Day's parents, Dexter and Rhon- da, and sister Hannah also took part in the race. John Bailie of Crestview won the male walk overall category with a time of 39:21. Day's coach in the CHS cross country pro- gram, Katie Blansit, won her age division. A large contingent of runners from Davidson Middle School also par- ticipated. "I would like to thank of the volunteers, spon- sors and participants for helping contribute to the American Heart Associa- tion. Without them this would not be possible. I am looking forward to next year's race," said Kevin Wilkerson, CHEL- CO's race chair. Did you take part in. the Loop the Lake 5K? Tell us why others should join next year by posting a note at. TOP LOCAL FINSHERS Women'y overall run 1. Lauren Day 20:08 Women's 10-14 run 1. Kaitlynn Slavin 23:21 2. Katrina Silva 23:32 3. Hannah Day 23:47 Women's 30-39 run 1. Katie Blansit 22:14 Women's 40-49 run 2. Rhonda Day 27:44 3. Victoria Montalvo 28:15 Men's 15-19 run 3. Dylan Tillman 19:22 Men's 30-39 run 1. Loren Sheffler 21:13 Men's 40-49 run 3. Mark Kannapel 19:55 Men's 50-59 run 1. Michael Russell 23:41 2. John Ensor 26:37 3. Mike Million 26:46 Men's overall walk 1. John Bailie 39:21 Men's 30-39 walk 2. Jason Cromer 49:14 Men's 50-59 walk 1. Cliff Calderwood 44:58 Women's 10-14 walk 1. Brooke Cromer 43:29 2. Emily Morris 53:14 3. Kristin Woefel 54:25 Women's 30-39 walk 3. Misty Cromer 43:30 Women's 50-59 walk 3. Peg Calderwood 45:06 Women's 60-and-up walk 2. Paula Knight 55:47 Special to the News Bulletin The Baker Area Couith Association football team had a rough day this past Saturday against Andalu- sia. Baker's 5-6 team fell 33-0. The 7-8 team dropped a 33-13 decision. The ,9-10 squad lost 19-0. The closest game was -he.'11-12 contest,,,'but the young Gators'fell 1-2-0 20!init Ephi fs .oft 101 f,'r ilh youth 'fi'tlaill tc mn to kylew@crestviewbu.leti. com. Above, Hunter Godwin makes a tackle for Baker's 5-6 team. At left, Jax Anderson (30) and Javon Graham (3) stop the Andalusia run in the 7-8 game. Photos special to the News Bulletin by Cindy Carroll cindycarrolll71 @yahoo. com Baker announces Players of the Week Special to the News Bulletin The Bak- er football ' coaches have an- nounced their Play- ers of the Week from the Gators' Kellan win against Meeks South Wal- ton this past Friday. Kellan Meeks was the Offensive Player of the Week. Meeks finished with 161 yards total offense and David Cameron Beck Domangue three touchdowns. David Beck was the De- fensive Player of the Week. Beck led the team with 11 tackles. Cameron Domangue was Special Teams Player of the Week. Darren Payne, MD Board Certified Eye Surgeon & Cataract Specia Darren Paiie, MD * Full-Time Medic;d Director of Nicetille Office * 15 'e.ua, Experience * A Fnendly .uid Caring PersonairN list Lee Mullis, MD * Over 25 Years Experience * National Leader in Painless No-Stitch Cataract Surgery * A Kind and Friendly Way Lee Mullis, MD Board Certified Eye Physician & Surgeon We Specialize in the Diagnosis and Treatment ofEye Conditions Associated with Aging, including: Cataracts Droopy Eye Lids Glaucoma Retina Problems MULLIS EYE INSTITUTE Call for an appointment ^ARE You GETTBINGM ^^ 2.50^f^^WjYf^^OAPY^^^ ^^^^^^^^^^^^ON YOUR^^^^^ CHECK[NG ACCO^HBBUNT?||^ No 2:OOM CUTOF SAMEDAYAVALABLITY^ .. ..... ........ ........... .... FREE BASIC PERSONAL CHECKS^^^^^^^^^ Young Gators host Andalusia Rih Hee n C!estiew B5 I Crestview News Bulletin BUSINESS WEDNESDAY, OCT. 1,2008 Publication aims to help families manage finances Special to the News Bulletin To help families strug- gling to make ends meet, the University of Florida's Institute of Food and Ag- ricultural Sciences, has published a new bottom- line guide to personal fi- nances. "Managing in Tough Times," is a 40-page book- let available free at county extension offices, includ- ing the office in Crestview, and online at. ifas.ufl.edu. The booklet was cre- ated in response to recent economic woes, said Nay- da Torres, a professor and chairwoman of UF's fam- ily, youth and community sciences department. "Families are faced with making difficult choices as the cost of living con- tinues to increase but their IN-P.ERSON PRESENTATIONS The local UF/IFAS extension office has a program based on the "Managing Tough Times" booklet .. ..ill pres- ent for groups or at work sites. Contact the exten- sion office at 689-5850 for details. income does not," Torres said. Elaine Courtney of the local extension office en- courages north Okaloosa residents to pick up or download the booklet. "All we have to do is look at our bank state- ments and see things are costing more now," Court- ney said. "We are in some touch economic times. Now is time to tighten our belts, look at what our fi- nancial resources are and assess our situation, and make decisions that will help us be economically stable." Published in English and Spanish, the book- let contains 18 chapters, addressing topics from savings and teen employ- ment to stress and low- cost entertainment. Each chapter was written by UF experts. Users will need to do more than read the book- let, they'll need to take ac- tion, said Michael Gutter, a family, youth and com- munity sciences assistant professor who led the project. Unlike most UF exten- sion publications, "Man- aging in Tough Times" is the size of an address book and printed on tough card- stock pages held together CASH FOR YOUR BASH Okaloosa Saves, an Okaloosa County/University of Florida Extension Education Program, h a i rv., event this year for businesses in Okaloosa County Cash For Your Ba1i.ih1 Registrants have an opportunity to win $500 for an em- pl:',,;':e pa-rrt at a drawing on November 21. T:, qualify, for the dra'..'irng. businesses enroll 25 or more ro.' kli.dal..: Tea,...er en-plcyees and sign up for a one- ri,:,Lur iriaricial v.orkshnor., provided by Okaloosa Saves. [Eepartmenis. .'itI,,rin A organization also can participate a:. lorigr a.: there, meet tre above requirements. Employees, Iuenrid anj fanil., menmr.-ers qualify as Okaloosa Savers. 'W!c.rkshrop rincluje G-en rig out of Debt, E-Commerce Do's . Don'r: Sarvor, .r Auto Purchases, Identity Theft and rnore. Register ,..:ur buL'Irie s or department by Oct. 10. Submit Enlr, pa..: etls l'ihlI 25 n e roilee and s.:re.:li cl a we i f rtin n- ci'l '..v.r.r.:rh:pI no later than Nov. 14. The purpose of Okaloio':., Saves and Cash' For Your Bash i, t edu:.-u:ate :itacensti:, io :ut 'OrIuild.ingj ..e lth, nr,:, :1.: rnore intc'rrr. tiori, l t c, al,, a-c-,- a s; r .: rInt,,: I Bienda Srrnllh at I51 797--49. with a ring binder. It was designed to encourage us- ers to carry it with them, Gutter said. Family, youth and com- munity sciences faculty had been discussing the idea of a bottom-line fi- nancial project for some time. The booklet was created at the request of IFAS Dean for Extension Larry Arrington, who was concerned about recent events. "As we looked around the state at the pressures facing families as a result of energy costs, rising living expenses and the number of families strug- gling with mortgages, we decided that a quick reac- tion was necessary," Ar- rington said. Department faculty and extension personnel are planning an educa- tion program for Florida residents based on the booklet, Gutter said. The program, emphasizing discussion and practical activities, will be available at extension offices later this year. Special to the News Bulletin Gordon Air Conditioning will offer a "Geo Field Day" from 1 to 2 p.m. Oct. 3 at 120 Eagle Drive in Crestview. Attendees can see the outside loops installed for a geothermal system. "Geothermal is the best way to have the most comfortable home possible with the low- est power bill," wrote Thomas Gordon of Gordon Air Condi- tioning. "Not only is it super efficient, it's also a cleaner and safer way to heat and cool your home. Plus, no unsightly metal vent stacks going through the roof! I "For builders, it gives you a competitive edge over other builders that don't understand and won't take the time to learn about geothermal. Potential cli- ents are looking for ways to be able to afford their home. While geothermal systems will cer- tainly have upfront costs, it will always yield a lower overall monthly bill when combining your mortgage with your utility rate." Gordon said he also will of- fer the demonstration for those who cannot attend the Geo Field Day. Visit for details. Harris named PHC Resident of the Month Parthenon Healthcare of Crestview is pleased to announce John Harris has been selected as the Resident of the Month for September. John was born in Crestview on Aug. 20, 1933. He worked for Civil Service for 12 years. He also worked for Em- erald Coast Nursing Home as a houl.E-.. keeper. He's single and has two sisters who live in Crestview. John enjoys playing bingo and horse racing games. He likes to participate in the Men's Social Club and Walking Club, as well as most religious gather- ings. His main hobby in the past was freshwater fishing. John brings a lot of smiles to the staff and residents at Parthenon Health- care. BBB warns of to-good-to-be-true loan offers Thousands fall for enticing scams Special to the News Bulletin The Better Business Bureau has seen an in- crease in the number of calls about advance-fee loan scams and is warn- ing consumers to be leery of offers that sound too good to be true. Every year, thousands of consumers respond to enticing offers of "mon- ey to loan...regardless of credit." The problem, accord- ing to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), is that consumers who re- spond to such ads usu- ally must pay fees in advance to obtain the so-called "guaranteed" loans. Most advance- fee loan companies get consumers to pay the up-front fee by per- suading the consumers that they are certain or nearly certain to receive loans. The fees may range from $25 to sever- al hundred dollars. They may assure consumers Crestview Cinema 3 Northview Plaza Hwy 85 N. 682-3201 Movie Schedule Starting Friday, October 3, 2008 EAGLEEE (21ho FRIDAY .......... ... 4:00 ...6:45PM SATURDAY .............. 4:00 ...6:45PM SUNDAY .... ....... 1:00. 4:00 .. 6:45PM MON-THUR ............4:00 .. 6:45PM IGQBOh',o.) [) PGQ FRIDAY.................. 4:00 . 7:00PM SATURDAY........1:00... 4:00 .. 7:00PM SUNDAY ......... 1:00...4:00 . 7:00PM MON -THUR............4:00 . 7:00PM BEVERLY HILLS CHIHUAHiA (1, 40,,,I, FRIDAY .. ....... ..... 4:00 .. 7:00PM SAT- SUN ......... 1:00.. .4:00 .. 7:00PM MON THUR ..........4:00 .. 7:00PM T OURN 0THECETE OF HE E T SAT OCT. 4- ... ONLY $2.00 .... 1:00PM Regular Admission Adult = $7-- Senior/child = $5w WILY MATINEE $500 that they will receive a refund in the unlikely event that a loan is not approved. However, after paying the fee, consumers either never hear from the com- pany again or they get a form letter saying they don't qualify for credit. And they never get that promised refund. Advance-fee loan scams are especially of- fensive because they of- ten sound very credible at first and they prey upon the most defense- less consumers. The scams .are enticing to those consumers who are the most vulnerable: those out of work, those with poor credit ratings or those who need mon- ey right away for emer- gencies. Many advance-fee loan scams operate outside of the United States, using mail drops in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean to allow direct dialing without long and obviously for- eign country codes. The result is that it is more difficult to identify and stop these cross-border scammers. Advance-fee loans are simply illegal. Le- gitimate lenders never "guarantee" or say that you are likely to get a loan or credit card before you apply, especially if you have bad credit, no credit or a bankruptcy. If you don't have a credit offer in hand and a company asks you to pay for a guaranteed loan, it's fraud and it's against the law. For more information and advice you can trust on protecting yourself against identity theft, start with bbb.org. Home Ovvwners Insurance getting you Down? Let us pick you up, with new Lowered Rates! PALM INSURANCE 682-6199 GROUP INCORPORATED Family operated and quality service for over S/OYYEARS S .. 4 . 18'v- nev.'-but the fact that te e been doing it for 10 \earl is. \e tLake pndle un seri g C:n?-.tTie'. and our surrounding con-murubhe SOuLtandding service has a%. a\s been OUr ,.. .L 1 number onet pr nonh ard it al\na\ .-,ill be f" :;:BRACKNEY F .1I N E RA L E P. l FINER. L ER E .-. ..'0 l r.150) S3... o J ,. L, 3..... ,, S,, '_. .. ... .L... i n' ..l J ..,( i NEW makes donation [' 9 'N Special to the News Bulletin Shown from left to right are Sue Vonderheide, NEW's director of operations, Pat Dingess, director of branch operations for Covenant Hospice, and Susan Fabry, NEW's human resources manager, as the company presented Covenant Hospice with $1,000 toward the annual Blue Jean Ball. Coldwell Banker announces top sellers Special to the News Bulletin Coldwell Banker Unit- ed, Realtors' Crestview of- fice announced its top pro- ducers for August. Merle DuBose took honors for top sales agent. Michelle Garon took honors for top Merle Michelle listing agent. DuBose Garon Geo Field Day set for Friday NOTICE OF PROPOSED ENACTMENT OF AN ORDINANCE NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT ON Monday, October 13, 2008 at 6:00 P.M., at a Regular Council meeting in the Council Chamber at City Hall, 198 North Wilson Street, Crestview, Florida, the City Council of the City of Crestview proposes to adopt Ordinance #1413 which is set forth by title as follows: ORDINANCE NO. 1413 AN ORDINANCE OF THE CITY OF CRESTVIEW, FLORIDA, AUTHORIZING THE CITY OF CRESTVIEW TO ISSUE BONDS FOR THE PURPOSE OF ALLEVIATING THE SHORTAGE OF AFFORDABLE HOUSING AND ENCOURAGING CAPITAL INVESTMENT IN HOUSING IN THE CITY; SPECIFYING THE POWERS OF THE CITY; PROVIDING FOR INCLUSION IN THE CITY'S CODE OF ORDINANCES; PROVIDING FOR SEVERABILITY AND -PROVIDING FOR AN EFFECTIVE DATE. Copy of the proposed ordinance of any individual's disability status. Anyone requiring reasonable accommodation as provided for in the Americans With Disabilities Act to insure access to and participation record of the proceedings is made, which record includes the testimony and any evidence upon which the appeal is to be based. The City of Crestview supports "Equal Opportunity Employment, Housing and Providing Handicap Access". Janice F. Young October 1, 2008 City Clerk --- 86 | Crestview News Bulle n LOCAL WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 200 . ......... .. .. .. .. . ... .... 9/17: Joe and Kathy Brett, 10 Warbler Way, Crestview. Remodel/buildout by Linc Grant Construction. Dennis Jr. and Ellen Lanum, 5421 Monterrey Road, Crestview. Electrical by DB Electric. * Hardrock Road Properties, 598 Armistead Blvd., Holt. Mechanical by Hilton's Heating, Ventilation &A/C. * MTP Properties, 4617 Chanan Drive, Crestview. Irrigation by Faith Mechanical. Oliff and Timmy Weeks, 6110 Sonny Lane, Crestview. General building by CQ Construction. Donald and Sarah Harrell, 127 Stephens Lane, Crestview. General building by CQ Construction. Lyentte and Ronnie Rouse, 3125 Earl Kennedy Road, Crestview. PlumbingbyA-1 Plumbing.* Marvin and Toni Davis, 502 Ridge Lake Road, Crestview. Electricalby owner. Glendal and Sherrie Lewis, 800 Sioux Circle, Crestview. Gas by Zachary's Gas Services. * Centennial Development Corp., 2260 Lewis St., Crestview. Plumbing by Always Plumbing. 9/18: Whitworth Builders, 3008 Crown Creek Circle, Crestview. Electrical by Richardson Enterprises. D & D Abita Springs, 997 Industrial Drive, Unit B, Crestview. Mechanical and commercial electrical by Crestview Electric Co. Paul Vermillion, Choctaw Cirde, Crestview. Single family by owner. Lynette and Ronnie Rouse, 3125 Earl Kennedy Road, Crestview. Electrical by 1 Source Contracting. * Southern Woodworks, 3185 Maple St., Crestview. Electrical by 1 Source Contracting. Okaloosa Airport Authority, 5549 John Givens Road, Crestview. Fire protection system by Action Fire & Safety Equipment. * Beulah First Baptist Church, 1875 W. U.S. Highway 90, Baker. Fire protection system by Action Fire & Safety Equipment. OKLCO, LLC, 2262 Lewis St., Crestview. Single family by Centennial Development Corp/Ok CO. Adams Homes, 2384 Barberee Drive, Crestview. Single family by Adams Homes. 9/19: Adams Homes, 2392 and 2368 Barberee what's . COMMUNITY EVENTS TODAY ADVENTURE CLUB: For details on club activities, call Clarice Hebinck at (850) 581-4591. Today at 4 p.m. the monthly planning meeting will be held in the . Auditorium Building of the UWF/OWC campus on Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. in Fort Walton Beach. Supper after the meeting a local restaurant. BREAST CANCER AWARENESS: Dr. Melinda Graham, obstetrician and gynecologist, will provide a free presentation on Women's Health and Breast Cancer Awareness today at 10 a.m. in the Suite 3 Resource Center conference room at Sacred Heart Hospital on the Emerald Coast. Dr. Graham will discuss key prevention- topics in women's health, including focusing on breast cancer awareness. and early detection. Breast cancer affects up to one in eight women in their lifetime, and there are numerous things you can do now to be proactive in your overall health and wellness. NORTH OKALOOSA MEETING RESCHEDULED: The Parks Advisory Committee meeting today has been canceled. Parks Advisory Committee meetings are held the first Wednesday of each month, and will resume Nov. 5 for their regularly scheduled meeting. It will be at the Crestview Public Works Conference Room, at 3 p.m. For more information or questions, call 689-5084. For a list and directions to all Okaloosa County parks, visit online. BOOK AND MOVIE SALE: for the Crestview library will be held Friday- Sunday. On Friday from 5-8 p.m., a preview sale will be held at a charge of $2 for non-members of the Friends of the Crestview Library and free of charge for members. Saturday and Sunday hours are from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. ACT/SAT WORKSHOP: The deadline is Monday to register for the workshop being held Oct. 21, 22, 27 and 28 in Fort Walton Beach High School's Media Center and Oct. 23, 24, 29 and 30 in Niceville High School's Media Center. Students will need to bring a calculator. All materials, snacks and drinks will be furnished. Details: Mrs. Hart via e-rriAil at Amhartl966@ aol.com or (615) 585-2401. You may also contact your high school guidance department. The ACT test will be held Oct. 25, and the SAT test is on Nov. 1. FIRST TUESDAY LECTURES: are held the first Tuesday of each month at 10:30 a.m. in the library meeting room on Commerce Drive in Crestview. Oct. 7 "Ironies of the Civil War will be presented by Dann Willis, author of the Civil War novel "Burning Bright." Nov. 4 "The Making of the Crazy Horse Memorial by Dennis Standing Bear Campos, a descendant of Crazy Horse.. TOPS YARD SALE: Friday and Saturday, starting at 7 a.m. at 1200 Valley Road in Crestview. All proceeds go to TOPS Chapter #796. TIP TRAINING SESSION: The Trauma Prevention Program (TIP), a group of citizen volunteers who provide emotional and practical support to victims of traumatic events and their families in the first few hours following a tragedy, will conduct its fall training program beginning Oct. 16. Registration, and a $50 registration fee, is required by Oct. 10. No previous experience is necessary. Each volunteer will receive 50 hours of training provided by professional trainers. Details: (850) 934-6654, 243-2291 or visit online. MCCURLEY FAMILY REUNION: will be held from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Oct. 11 at the Baker Recreation Center on State Road 4. Bring old family pictures and come enjoy each other's company. Bring a covered dish to share.. GOLF TOURNAMENT: The Crestview Area Chamber of Commerce is hosting a Oct. 11 golf tournament at Heritage Plantation. Sponsorships are available for the event. Four-person teams are Drive, Crestview. Single family by owner. Ken and Darrell Blocker, 931 W. James Lee Blvd., Lot 4, Crestview. Manufactured building and plumbing by Mike Bush. Sheddon and Marion Whatmough, 2007 Faulk Ferry Road, Baker. Mechanical by Niceville Refrigeration & A/C. * Kathy McDonald, 5995 Staff Road, Crestview. Electrical by The Buyers Advan. Finance Company; mechanical by Advantage Air. 9/22: Adams Homes, 2368,2384 and 2392 Barberee Drive, Crestview. Plumbing by Amore Plumbing Company. Whitworth Builders, 3098 Border Creek Road, Crestview. Mechanical by John Boutwell. Michael Crowder, 5753 Highland Hills Road, Crestview. Accessory structures by Okaloosa Construction. * Dan Harrison, 1158 E. U.S. Highway 90, Crestview. Electrical by Elite Electrical. 9/23: Steve and Lily Bilodeau, 5824 Laurelwood Drive, Crestview. Mechanical byGordonAirConditioning& Associates. Adams Homes, being formed, with one 10-handicap player only per team. The deadline to register as a team is, Oct. 8, with 27 teams total. For details, call or visit the chamber office at 682-3212, 502 S. Main St. "SOCK HOP" FOR SENIOR CITIZENS: Staff members from Emerald Coast Hospice (131 E. Redstone Ave, Crestview) will host a free sock hop dance for Crestview and surrounding area senior citizens at the ROC behind Central Baptist Church on Oct. 18 from 2 to 5 p.m. MISCELLANEOUS VEIN DRAIN: Blood Drive Saturday from 11 a.m. 4:30 p.m. at Santa Rosa Mall in Mary Esther. Perks: An American Red Cross t-shirt, a coupon for 10 percent off of tickets to the North West Florida Ballet's production of "Dracula" and admission to the Jaycees Haunted House. Donors' names will be entered into a regional drawing for a $1,000 gift card and a drawing for two tickets to the North West Florida Ballet's production of "Dracula" and a drawing for two tickets to the Jaycees Haunted House. The performance of Winthrop Corey's Dracula will be on Oct. 18 at 7:30 p.m., and Sunday, Oct. 19 at 2 p.m. at the Mattie Kelly Arts Center at Northwest Florida State College. Following the performance will be Dracula's Bash, an elegant party catered by Vin'tij, located on the stage. Details: (850) 664-7787. BOATING SEMINARS: at the University of West Florida Coombs Campus on Lovejoy Road in Fort Walton Beach are: Oct. 4, 7 p.m., Crew Overboard Oct. 11, 7 p.m., Radar Oct. 19, 7 p.m., Onboard Weather Forecasting Oct. 25, 7 p.m., Charts Oct. 4, 7 p.m., four-week Public Boating Course. Registration is available at online. Details: (850) 315-0686 or (850) 474-2914 or visit the website. BLUE JEAN BALL VOLUNTEERS: Covenant Hospice is seeking individuals and groups that would like to volunteer at their annual event, The Blue Jean Ball, to be held at 6:30 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 18 at the Crestview Community Center. Volunteers are , needed to decorate, serve, greet, seat guests, clean up and take down. A planning meeting will be held at 5:30 p.m. on Tuesday at the Covenant Hospice Crestview branch office, located at 370 West Redstone Ave., To register for this meeting or for details, call Jodie Williams at 682-3628. EARN WHILE YOU LEARN" WORKSHOP: The Career Resource Center at Northwest :*Florida State College, in 2368,2392 and 2384 Barberee Drive, Crestview. Electrical by Richardson Enterprises. * Bill Ansley, 8431 Davis Road, Laurel Hill. Electrical by homeowner. Larry and Inge Nutter, 2495 Kingston Road, Crestview. Electrical by Crestview Electric Co. * David and Debora McCabe, 131 Wedgewood Lane, Crestview. Mechanical by Casey Electric. McCullough & Norton Investments, 5846 N. U.S. Highway 189, Baker. Accessory structures by Sun Lighting. Jobe Everson, 1158 W. U.S. Highway 90, Holt. Plumbing by Everson Plumbing; remodel/build out by owner. Kenneth and Julie Nielsen, 6815 Johnson Lane, Crestview. Demolition by Jobes Dirt Works. * Sunflower Land, 3985 E. U.S. Highway 90, Crestview. Accessory structures by owner, commercial build. * Kathy and Joe Brett. Plumbing by Lee Byrd Plumbing. 9/24: Donna and William Karlek-Watts, 5440 E. Brook Drive, Crestview. Electric by Sanders Brothers Electric. * Raul and Estherlina Campa, conjunction with the Office of Personnel Management at Eglin Air Force Base, will conduct a free information workshop, "Earn While You Learn," on Wednesday, from 10 to 11 a.m. at 729-5227. COUNTRYSIDE FESTIVAL Saturday from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. at 353 Juniper Lake Road in DeFuniak. Food, fun, games, a petting zoo, talent show, country store and other activities are planned. Admission is free, with proceeds going to the Friendship House Brain Disorder Support Foundation. FLORIDA TRAIL ASSOCIATION: Visit http: / / choctaw. floridatrail.org for details on their upcoming events. Oct. 3 at 6 p.m. Meet at Riverwalk Park in Milton for a walk around town with dinner following. Details: (850) 995-4267. Saturday at 8:30 a.m. Join the Florida Trail Association for Three In One Fun. Hike, bike, kayak Juniper Creek Trail. Do one or all. Details: (850) 474-5359. Friday-Sunday, Oct. 10- 12. Camping and hiking at Karick Lake's north campground. Details 683- 0803. Sunday, Oct. 12 at 8 a.m. Garcon Point Trail hike. Details (850) 623-1646. Saturday, Oct. 18 at ,8 am. Volunteers needed for maintenance on Eglin trails. Details: (850) 341- 1389. ADVENTURE CLUB: For details on club activities, call Clarice Hebinck at (850) 581-4591. HOBO FESTIVAL UPDATE: Hobo Festival Motorcycle Poker Run ($1,000 to win) will take place on Oct. 11 at Gene Clary Park in Laurel Hill. Hobo Festival Car Show & Shine to be held during the Hobo Festival on Oct. 11, at Gene Clary Park in Laurel Hill. They still need food, arts, crafts and other vendors. For applications or questions please call (850) 826-0606. DECORATING EXTRAVAGANZA: Oct. 21 at 6 p.m. at the Old Spanish Trail Shrine Club, 971 U.S. Hwy. 90 Westin Crestview. This GFWC Woman's Club holiday 5332 Monterrey Road, Crestview. Plumbing by Juan A. Lopez. Margaret and James Reynolds, 6143 Buck Ward Road, Baker. General building by CQ Construction. Crestview Acquisition Corp., 5486 Fairchild Road, Crestview. Plumbing by Jack Dollar Plumbing. Keith and Sherrie Lewis, 800 Sioux Circle, Crestview. Accessory structures by North Okaloosa Development. Larry and Inge Nutter, 2495 Kingston Road, Crestview. Mechanical by Majik Touch. BCC Airport, 5583 WS Fairchild Road,Crestview.Commercial electrical by Wise Services. 9/25: Jason W. Thomas, 3616 Central Circle, Laurel Hill. Electrical by Gamble Construction. Cassady Homes Corp., 2264 and 2265 Lewis St., Crestview. Single family permits by owner. Robert and Nancy Bennett, Painter Branch Road, Crestview. Single Family by Campbell Construction and devel- opment. Christopher Parker, 2788 Lake Silver Road, Crestview Plumbing decorating fund-raiser will feature Crestview native and nationally recognized floral designer Kirby Holt. Tickets are available for a $10 donation, available from any GFWC member, at the door, or by calling 683-9117. Proceeds support group charities. TOYS FOR KIDS: Nov. 2 in the Crestview Wal-Mart parking lot. Registration is from 9:30 to 11 a.m. and costs $10 and a new, unwrapped toy. All motorcycle enthusiasts are welcome to participate in the event, a ride from Wal-Mart to the VFW on U.S. Highway 90. Music by Hat Trick, a cash door prize, and other activities are planned. OKALOOSA/SANTA ROSA/WALTON HAPPIEST BABY SEMINAR: Come learn an extraordinary approach to calm your baby in the Happiest Baby Class on Oct. 14 at 6 p.m. in the Family Birth Place classroom at Sacred Heart Hospital on the Emerald Coast. New and expecting parents will learn step-by- step ways to help babies sleep longer in addition to finding out how to soothe even the fussiest infant in minutes or less. For more information or to register for the class, please call (850) 278-3600 or toll-free 1-877- 416-1600 or visit www. sacredheartemerald.org. BENEFIT RIDE: A Dep. Anthony Forgione Benefit Run sponsored by Heritage cycles H-D will be held Saturday, with proceeds going to his family. Registration starts at 9:00 am at Heritage Cycles, 788 North Beal Parkway, Ft. Walton Beach. First bike out at 10 a.m., last bike out at 11 a.m., and last bike in at 2 p.m. The 50/50 drawing and prize giveaways start at 2:30 p.m. Heritage Cycles Has Generously Donated $500 in gift certificates. Cost is $15 per rider and $20 with passenger. Additional hands $10. Cost includes food and refreshments afterward. HAUNTED HOUSE VOLUNTEERS: The Fort Walton Beach Jaycees are looking for volunteers for the 2008 Haunted House at HarborWalk Village. Volunteers will help with construction, decoration, playing a monster or working security. Your organization or group of friends can decorate and maintain your own room. The Haunted House will be open on Oct. 17, 18, 23, 24, 25, 29, 30, 31 and Nov.1 from 7 p.m. until everyone is scared away. Some benefits of working there include a tee shirt, food, drinks and prizes for best at season end. Volunteers should be 16 and older unless a parent volunteers with them. Everyone will need to sign a release form and and manufactured building by CJ's Mobile Home Services. Stacie and Terry Rembold, 4588 Scarlet Drive) Crestview. General building by owner. Sue Colemar{ and Neil Redmond, 3654 New Ebenezer Road, Laurel Hill. Electrical by Neil Redmond, Inc. Keith and Jeanette Grice, 2854 Atoka Trail, Crestview. Remodel/ build out by homeowner. 9/26: David R. Smitl Development, 4613 Eagl& Way, Crestview. Single family by owner. GT Comm., 6945 Bill Lundy Road, Laurel Hill. Electrical by Samni Enterprises. Raymond C. Arbuckle, 6909 U.S, Highway 393, Laurel Hill, Electrical by Nelson Electrical Contractors. Roddy H4 and Rosie Steele, 7521 Red Barrow Road, Baker. General building by Russell Turner Roofing. Gary and Gloida Fehlman, 2548 Lake Sylver Road, Crestview. Mechanical by Gordon Air Conditioning and Associates. Robert anc Belinda Smith, 6025 Trestlu St., Crestview. General building by Vanderheydenj Inc. accumulates community service hours. Details: fortwaltonbeachjaycees@ yahoo.com, visit www. myspace.com/fwbjaycees or call 642-5292. The Jaycees are open. to anyone age 18-40 who wants to develop leadership skills through community service projects. FOLK ART PAINTING: The Heritage Museum of Northwest Florida will host artist and instructor Anna Sandlin on the first and third Wednesday of , September, October and I November for traditional folk art style painting classes. You'll learn folk art, one-stroke techniques and create new projects each class. Classes are held from 10 a.m. -1 p.m. at i the Heritage Museum in Valparaiso. Cost is $35 per class or $30 for HMNF members. Space is limited.1 Call 678-2615 to register and for a supply list. VENDORS NEEDED: for the Holly Jolly Christmas Craft Show Dec., 6 at Destin Community ! Center, 101 Stahlman Ave., Destin, from 10 a.m. to 3. p.m. The indoor fee for vendors is $25 per 1 10x10, 6' table spaces. The outdoor fee is $10 for a 10x10 space. Electrical set up will be available. : - Setup is Friday from 5 to 8 p.m. on Friday, and 7:30-9:30 a.m. on Saturday. Table must be occupied from 9 to 3 p.m. Other restrictions include: no'. animals, alcohol, overnight' parking, no indoor tents, no refunds and no exceptions. Vendors must clean and vacate the premises by 5 p.m. For details call 654-5184.' ECCA SEASON I TICKETS: The Emerald Coast Concert Association is selling tickets for its Nov.: 16 March 7 season. The 6-series package price will i be $100 until Oct. 15, after which the price will go up. Individual ticket prices and maybe a Snowbird ' Special, of four concerts will be published at a later date. The season includes a performance by Nikolai Massenkoff, international acclaimed star of The ! Massenkoff Russian Folk Festival, at the Mattie Kelly Arts Center on March 7. For details call (850) 362- 0356. VENDORS NEEDED: SThe Shalimar United Methodist Church has only a few vendor booths still available for its Oct. 18 Shalimar Arts & Crafts Holly Fair. All craft and art items must be handmade, painted or decorated by the exhibitors. Outside 10' x 10' vendor spaces have added. Fees are $70 for the larger outside booths and $60 for the 6x10 ft. inside booths. Prospective exhibitors should contact Marijo Strauss at 651-5743 or mstra68337@aol.com for an application or more information. ' --r WEDNESDAYOCTOBER 1 8 CLASSIFIED Crestview News Bulletin I B7 -II -1oa,1.03 ..,,...1103o,1 .. . file their claims with this NOT KNOWN TO BE court WITHIN 3 DEAD OR ALIVE, MONTHS AFTER THE WHETHER SAID UN- DATE OF THE FIRST PUB- KNOWN PARTIES V_%_11im pLICATION OF THIS NO- MAY CLAIM AN IN- ANNOUNCEMENTS TICE. TEREST AS SPOUSE, HEIRS, DEVISEES, 1100 Legal Advertising ALL CLAIMS NOT FILED GRANTEES, OR .1110 -Classified Notices WITHIN THE TIME PERI- OTHER CLAIMANTS 1120 Public Notices/ ODS SET FORTH IN SEC- Announcements TION 733.702 OF THE LAST KNOWN AD- 1125- Carpools & FLORIDA PROBATE DRESS: UNKNOWN I Rideshare CODE WILL BE FOREVER S1130- Adoptions BARRED. CURRENT ADDRESS: 1140 Happy Ads UNKNOWN 150 o-Personals NOTWITHSTANDING ,.,1,160 Lost .*i' o Found THE TIME PERIODS SET YOU ARE NOTIFIED that FORTH ABOVE, ANY an action to foreclose a CLAIM FILED TWO (2) mortgage on the follow- YEARS OR MORE AFTER in property in : THE DECEDENT'S DATE OKALOOSA County, OF DEATH IS BARRED. Florida: legal # 100400 The date of first ublica- LOT 6A BLROCK . ton of this notice is Sep- tember 24, 2008. In accordance with Flor- ida Statutes, let it be AARON B. WENTZ known that Charlie Attorney for Personal Brown Climatic Control Representative Mini Storage, Inc., lo- Florida Bar No. coated in Valparaiso, 0065810 Okaloosa Couny, Flor- 814A Shadow Lane ida, gives notice to: Ft. Walton Beach, Fl 32547 Derrick Williams T e I e p h o e : 1409 Beaver Run Road 850-863-8006 NicevilleN Fl 32578 that Fax: 850-863-8009 personal' property stored in Unit # 16-B shall be sold to the public on Oc- tober 2, 2008 at 9:30 am at the mini storage fa- cility. Legal # 100406 JACQUE M. RIVAS Personal Representative 5882 Autumn Chase Cir- cle Sanford, FL 32773 09/24/08. 10/01/08 IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIRST JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN Legal # 100407 AND FOR OKALOOSA IN THE CIRCUIT COUNTY FLORIDA COURT OF THE FIRST FILE NO. JUDICIAL, CIRCUIT IN 2008-CP-001029 DI- AND FOR VISION: PROBATE OKALOOSA COUNTY, FLORIDA IN RE: ESTATE OF HEDI M. DUNSTAN Deceased. NOTICE TO CREDI- TORS The administration of the Estate of HEDI M. DUNSTAN, deceased, whose date of death was death May 22 2008, is pending in the Circuit Court for Okaloosa County, Florida, Probate Division, the address of which is P.O. DRAWER V1359,' CRESTVIEW, FL 32536-1359. The names and addresses of the Per- sonal Representative and the Personal Representative's attorney are set forth below. All creditors of the Dece- 'dent and other persons having claims or de- mands against Decedent's Estate on whom a copy of this no- tice Take a Break & Call Carefree Services to clean your home. Lic/Ins 850 240-9678 CONRET i VIL ACTION CASE NO: CA-1579 S DIVI- SION: JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, NATIONAL AS- SOCIATION AS TRUS- TEE FOR THE OWMIT MORTGAGE LOAN AS- SET BACKED CERTIFI- CATES SERIES 2006-1, Plaintiff, vs NIKKI L. SLATTERY, et al Defendant(s) NOTICE OF ACTION TO: NIKKI L. SLATTERY LAST KNOWN AD- DRESS: 205 MATTIES WAY DESTINY, FL 32541 CURRENT ADDRESS 205 MATTIES WAY DESTIN, FL 32541 LAST KNOWN ADDRESS: WILLIAM SLATTERY 205 MATTIES WAY DES- TIN FL 32541 CURRENT ADDRESS: 205 MATTIES WAY DES- TIN, FL 32541 ..-.. 1.10,3, ... ... .10o .j Legal # 100409 manded in the peti- tion. IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIRST Copies of all court JUDICIAL CIRCUIT OF documents in this FLORIDA IN AND case, including FOR OKALOOSA orders, are available COUNTY CASE NO. at the Clerk of the 2008 CA 003021 S Circuit Court's office. You may review FLAGSTAR BANK, F.S.B., these documents Plaintiff, upon request. JAMES S. WILSON, et. al. Defendants. NOTICE OF ACTION TO: LINDSAY S. WIL- SON WHOSE RESIDENCE IS: KELLY PLANTATION, 520 PELHAM ST FORT PHASE 1 ACCORD- WALTON BEACH FL, ING TO THE PLAT 32547 & 6194 bOG- THEREOF, AS RE- WOOD DRIVE W, CORDED IN PLAT CRESTVIEW, FL 32536 BOOK 15, PAGE 27, OF THE PUBLIC REC- If alive, and if dead, all ORDS OF parties claiming interest O K A L O O S A by, through, under or COUNTY, FLORIDA. against LINDSAY S. WIL- SON and all parties hav- has been filed against ing or claiming to have ou and you are required any right, title or interest fo serve a copy of your in the property described written defenses, if an herein. on or before October 31 2008, on Florida Default YOU ARE NOTIFIED that Law Group, P.L., an action for Foreclosure Plaintiff's attorney, whose of Mortgage on the fol- address is 9119 Corpo- lowing described prop- rate Lake Drive, Suite erty: 300, Tampa, Florida 33634 and file the origi- LOT 3 BLOCK 4, WIN- nal with this Court either THROP PLACE, AC- before service on CORDING TO THE MAPR Plaintiff's attorney or im- OR PLAT THEREOF AS mediately thereafter; oth- RECORDED IN PLAT erwise a default will be BOOK 2, PAGE(S) 191 entered against you for PUBLIC RECORDS OF the relief demanded in OKALOOSA COUNTY, the Complaint or petition. FLORIDA. WITNESS my hand and a/k/a 520 PELHAM ST the seal of this Court on FORT WALTON, FL this 19 day of Septem- 32547 ber, 2008. . Don W. Howard Clerk of the Court By: Kitty Sims As Deputy Clerk Florida Default Law Group, P.L. P.O. Box 25018 Tampa, Florida 33622-5018, Exten- sion 7497, prior to the Sroceedinq. or Shalimar 850)651-7497 IMPORTANT In accordance with the Americans with Disabili- ties Act, persons with dis- abilities needing special accommodation to partic- ipate in this proceeding should contact Court Act- ministration at 1250 N ANY AND ALL UN- Eglin Parkway KNOWN PARTIES F, 32579; CLAIMING BY, number (850] T H R O U G H prior to the proc UNDER, AND AGAINST THE 09/24/2008 HEREIN NAMED IN- 10/01/2008 DIVIDUAL DEFEND- ANT(S) WHO ARE Airlines Are Hiring - Train for high paying Avi- ation Maintenance Ca- reer. FAA approved pro- gram. Financial aid if qualified Job placement assistance. Call Aviation Institute of Maintenance (8881349-5387. American Concrete ________.... Driveways, Tear Outs, Replacements, Sidewalks Learn to Operate a Bobcat Work. Free est. Crane or Bull Dozer 543-7743 Heavy Equipment Train- Sing. National Certifica- LATHAM CONCRETE tion. Financial & Place- Robert Latham ment Assistance. Georgia Masonry, Contractor School of Construction. Li./Ins. Since 1977 Use Alltypes of Concrete code "FLCNH" or call work. House slabs, (866)218-2763. Driveways, Additions. 3000 PSI mix used on every job. Also Bobcat work. Free est. 682-0137 Cell 826-1672 Farm Direct Stamped Concrete Centipede, St. Augustine, Cool Deck & Exposed Zoysia, Bermuda. Aggregate. Slabs, Powiv e r & install. was hing Remove, Re- Call 244-6651 place & Repair Lic./Ins. Suncoast Sod Farms Free est. 305-1258______ Harold Gaines Repairs, Remodeling Additions, Concrete Parking Lot Work, Carpentry and Roofing. Lic. #RG 0005399. 850-862-0383 Lasco Handyman Inc. Licensed and In- sured. Honest and de- pendable, references. Call Terry 902-3928 Small Job Specialist, no job to small. Painting, stucco, stone, drywaTI debris removal ecf. call Allen 8,26-351 . WALKER LAWN MAINTENANCE Mowing, Trimming, Pruning, One time or year round. Licensed and insured 537-4419 References Available MIKE GOLLES PAINTING Interior, exterior, also pressure washing. Li- censed & Insured. Free estimates. Ph. 682-5347. Senior citizen discounts. /, Shalimar, telephone d651-7497, oceeding. Rescreen windows & doors or New Screen frames. Also patio rescreening or new screen rooms by profes- sional call DIY Screen Co. 682-4445 Price's Quality Tree Service 850-398-1169 10% off your next tree Lob with his Ad! Offer Expires: 10-31-2008 SHEETS TREE SERVICE Exp. Tree Trimming and Removal, Stump Removal. 50ft Bucket Truck and Brush Chipper. Free est. Lic./Ins. 689-3429/398-3347 758-8619 TNT Metal Building, Inc. R.V. & Boat covers, sar- ages portable shs, CARPORTS Call for best prices in town! Galvanized Steel Many sizes/colors Free delivery & setup. Single carport $595 Double only $695 850) 983-2296 850 206-4008 has been filed against you and you are required to serve a copy of your written defenses, if any, to it, on Nwabufo Umunna, Attorney for Plaintiff, whose address: September 5, 2008 CLERK OF THE CIRCUIT COURT By: K Broom Deputy Clerk 09/10/08 09/17/08 09/24/08 10/01/08 LEGAL #120094 view, FL, 32536-3515; Happy Jack Onex: telephone number woun dressing reels (850)689-5000, Exten- wound drein repatchels sion 7497, prior to the flies and kills hatching on 7497, price or tSho telarae. Prevents infection. roceeding4or Shalimar P a m o t e s 850)651-7497 healinoc...OKALOOSA IMPORTANT GRAIN FEED STORE In accordance with the w.hac6 8 2 9 3 3 3 Americans with Disabili- happyck ties Act, persons with dis- inc.com abilities needing special accommodation to partic- .- gT l "l ipate in this proceeding : -I should contact Court Ad- | | ministration at 1250 N. 2130 Eqlin Parkway, Shalimar, FE, 32579; telephone number (850)651-7497, OfU T prior to the proceeding. NEW T For Sale: Hay, Coastal Bermuda, Round bales only $30. er bale $35. delivered Call 682-8034 Leave Message 10/01/2008 10/08/2008 LEGAL #120096 NOTICE OF SALE In accordance with Flor- ida Statutes, Self Service Storage Center, Inc., Lo- cated" at 901 Industrial Drive in Crestview, Flor- ida will offer for sale to the the highest bidder the household and other goods stored in the be- ow listed units of Self Service Storage Center, Inc. Mini Warehouses. Said goods are to be sold to recover the rents not paid by the tenant. Unit # B-5 Don York 927 W. James Lee Blvd. #3 Crestview, Florida 32539 This sale shall take place on Friday, October 10, 2008 at 9:00A.M. at the Self Service Storage Cen- ter location. 10/01/2008 IN THE CIRCUIT COURT OF THE FIRST JUDICIAL CIRCUIT IN AND FOR 1110 OKALOOSA COUNTY, FLORIDA CIVIL ACTION CASE E NO.: 46-008-CA- 54 46-2008-CA-004654 is 290 Stirling Road DIVISION: FILE NO: Closeout Sale Suite 300, Fort Laud- F08061913 50% OFF Cut erdale, Florida 33312 50% OF Cut on or before November THE BANK OF NEW Semi-precious Gem- 6, 2008, and file the YORK AS TRUSTEE stones, 40% off all Gem- original with the Clerk of FOR THE BENEFIT OF stone and select crystal this Court either before THE CERTIFI- czech beads. Friday thru service on Plaintiff's atfor- CATEHOLDERS Sunday at the Rock Shop, ney o immediately there- ASSET-BACKED CER- Pace. Please go to after; otherwise a default TIFICATES, SERIES ace lease go to will be entered against 2007-3, erocksh you for the relie de- Plaintiff, com. or call 94-6883. handed in the complaint. I vs. Donate Your Vehicle WITNESS my hand and *Receive $1000 Grocery the seal of this Court this ADRIAN WOMACK, Coupon United Breast 25 day of September, et al, Cancer Foundation Free 2008 Defendant(s). Mammograms, Breast Cancer Info* Don W. Howard NOTICE OF ACTION Free Tow- As Clerk of the Court ing, Tax Deductible, By: Kitty Sims TO: ADRIAN Non-Runners Accepted, As Deputy Clerk WOMACK LAST (888)468-5964. KNOWN ADDRESS: A copy of this Notice of 1820 HEARTLAND Run your ad State- Action, Complaint and Lis DRIVE FORT WALTON widely Run your classified Pendens were sent to the BEACH, FL 32547 ad in over 100 Florida I defendants and address CURRENT ADDRESS: newspapers reaching I named above. UNKNOWN over 4 Million readers. ANY AND ALL UN- Call this newspaper or In accordance with the KNOWN PARTIES (866)742-1373 for more Americans with Disabili- CLAIMING BY, details or visit: ties Act, persons needing THROUGH UNDER, a reasonable accommo- AND AGAINST THE_ dation to participate in HEREIN NAMED, IN- this proceeding should DIVIDUAL DEFEND- I" AOPION no later than seven (7j ANT(S) WHO ARE days prior contact the NOT KNOWN TO BE 1130 I Clerk of the court's disa- DEAD OR ALIVE, ability coordinator at WHETHER SAID UN- Pregnant? Considering 8506517497, 1250 N KNOWN PARTIES adoption? A married cou- EGLIN PKWY SUITE MAY CLAIM AN IN- pie, large extended fam- I A114 SHALIMAR FL, TEREST AS SPOUSE, ily, seeks to adopt. Finan- I 32579. If hearing im- HEIRS DEVISEES, call secure. Expenses paired, contact TDD) GRANTEES, OR paid Call KAREN & I 8009558771 via Florida OTHER CLAIMANTS KEVIN. (ask for Relay System. LAST KNOWN AD- michelle/adam). (800) DRESS: UNKNOWN 790-5260. FL Bar# This is an attempt to CURRENT ADDRESS: 0150789 collect a debt. Any UNKNOWN_ information ob- YOU ARE NOTIFIED that tamed will be used an action to foreclose a 111FPES for that purpose, mortgage on the follow- in property in 1 -- OKALOOSA County, Florida: Sin le white male 70 I Legal # 100436 LOT 2 BLOCK C 5'8 170bs. Looking for COVENTRY PARK a slender white lady IN THE CIRCUIT VILLAGE PHASE ONE 65-72. I am easy going I COURT OF THE FIRST ACCORDING TO THE and easy to please. Just JUDICIAL CIRCUIT, IN PLAT THEREOF, RE- need a good woman to AND FOR CORDED IN PLAT share and do things to- OKALOOSA BOOK 11, PAGES 20 ether. Please write RLB COUNTY, FLORIDA AND 21 OF THE .O. Box 876, Crest- CASE NO.: PUBLIC RECORDS OF view, FL 32536, or call 2008-DR-3750 DIVI- O K A L 0 O S A (850) 689-8038 SION: TRK COUNTY, FLORIDA has been filed against i IN RE: CHANGE OF you and you are required ir FOUND NAME fo serve a copy of your I written defenses, if any,| 1170 DWINDALIN DENIECE on or before November SMITH, 4, 2008, on Florida De- Found Pit Bull Call Petitioner/ Mother fault Law Group, P.L, (850) 306-5092 to iden- Plaintiff's attorney, whose tify. and address is 9119 Corpo--- - rate Lake Drive, Suite TERRY JAMES FURLOW, 300, Tampa, Florida. -~ JR., 33634 and file the origi- I. . Respondent/ Father nal with this Court either / before service on NOTICE OF ACTION Plaintiff's attorney or im- FOR CHILD NAME mediately thereafter; oth-., CHANGE erwise a default will be Entered against you, for ,1* -V V TO: TERRY JAMES the relief demanded in S a FURLOW, JR. the Complaint or petition. PETS & ANIMALS LAST KNOWN AD- This notice shall be pub- 2100-Pets DRESS 6333 Posada lashed once each week 2110 Pets: Free to Court, Palmdale CA for two consecutive Good Home 93552 weeks in the Creslview 2120 Pet Supplies News Bulletin. WITNESS 2130 Farm Animals/ YOU ARE NOTIFIED that my hand and the seal of Supplies an action has been filed this Court on this 23 day 2140 Pets/Livestock against you and you are of September, 2008. Wanted required to serve a copy Don W. Howard 2150 Pet Memorials of your written defenses, Clerk of the Court if an, it on By: KiE y Sims DWINDALIN DENIECE As Deputy Clerk SMITH, whose address is 105 NIVANA DRIVE, Florida Default Law | 2100 CRESTVIEW, FL 3253 Group PPO Bx Lookin for a Regisered on or before October 17, 2501o Tampa, Florida Toy Poodle for Stud. 2008, and file the origi- 33622-5018 80- 82-8815 nal with the clerk of this 850-682-8815 Court at Okaloosa IMPORTANT County Courthouse, In accordance with the 1250 N. Eglin Parkway, Americans with Disabili- PROFESSIONAL Shalimar, FL 32579 be- ties Act, persons with dis- PET fore service on Petitioner abilities needing special GROOMING or immediately thereafter, accommodation to partic- Certified pet groomer If you fail to do so, a pate in this proceeding in Crestview accepting default may be en- should contact Court Aa- new clients. Call 85 I tered against you ministration at 101 James 3983250 for ppt for the relief de- L ,,,,I,, F-r 398-3250 or pppt. NEW TOJAV Baker Multi Family Yard Sale 1699 Pickens Circle Baker, FL. Saturday, Oct 4, 7AM until. Directions: Approxi- mately 1 mile up Hwy 4 turn ripht by Milljian Assemb Y of God Church fake first right bottom of hill on left. Toys, clothes, misc baby items household items and much more. Sneak preview Friday evening 10/3 6-8PM. 1699 Pickens Circle, Baker 537-4261. Crestview Ginormous Multi Family Indoor/Outdoor Rummage Sale Sat 7 12 302 Adams Dr. No rea- sonable offers refused. Crestview' 3-FAMILY YARD SALE! Sat Oct 4 8-Until, 208 McArthur St. Furniture, what-nots, lots of items Crestview Yard Sale Fri & Sat 7am-? Tools, furniture, books, clothes, and misc. 525 Tom Sawyer Lane Riverchase Subdivision Crestview Yard Sale Fri. Sat. & Sun. 8am-1 pm, 5421 Constitution Rd. Bongos, books, & lots of misc. Crestview Yard Sale Oct. 4th 7am-? 152 Shady Lane. From 85 N turn left @ Park Ln. then right @ Shady Ln. Variety of Items. Crestview Yard Sale Sat. 7 11am 429 Alonzo Dr. PJ Adams to Northview to Christopher to Alonzo 398-8049 Crestview Yard Sale Sat. Oct. 4, 8am-? 3205 Auburn Rd. Crestview Yard Sale Sat.Oct. 4th, 7am-1 pm 5794 Kellie Dr. hoff a- ley Rd) Something for everyone. CHEAPIII NEW TODAY NEW TODAY Crestview Big Yard Sale 248 Bracewell St Fri & Sat 4th-5th from 7-?? Lots of $1 items. Crestview Cul-De-Sac Sale! Oct. 4, 7am-12pm, 221 Hunter Dr. household items tires, fishing equip. washer, dryer, antique rendering elkes. Crestview Garage Sale Sat. 7 10am 524 Tom Sawyer Lane Baby's, men's, & women's clothing, and household items. appliance repair, -ppli- NEW T00 " tnce parts 213 N. Main Street, call 689-1007. Crestview After hours 305-8515 Huge. Inside 42- O Yard Sale AUCTOS429 N s310 Hathaway St Across from Twin Hills abalauction.com Cal- Park. 240-9678 houn CTY Altha, FL. 3 BD 3.5 BA on White Crestview Pond. On Line Bidding Multi-Family Nowl Live Auction Oct. 16 850-510-2501. Sat7- 1lam AB2387 Lots of furniture & morel 6016 Bud Moulton Rd. NEW TODAY Over 20 colors in stock, Crestview several profiles to choose MULTI-FAMILY rom. Quick turnaround. Delivery available. YARD SALE! 352498-0778, Sat. Oct. 4, 7AM-Noon, 888 393-0335. 811 Cloverview Dr. wwwGulfCoastSupply.com (Country View Estates) Furniture & Baby items. 3220 NW ODA A Brand Name Kin Pil- . Iowtop set. New inPla s Crestview. ic w/warr. $200. Can MULTI-FAMILY YARD Deliver 850-255-3050 SALEI __Sat. Oct. 4 7AM - Al Brand New Queen Noon, 312 Powell Dr. Pillowtop Set. In plastic ff Texas Pkwy)Clothes w/warrr. $165.Delivery Kids thru plus size, Furni- available 850-255-3050 ture & toys. Crestview Beautiful Multi-Family Antique 4 piece Yard/Moving Bedroom Suite Sale Early 20th century, dark Fri. & Sat. 8am-? 2 mile wood with appliqued East on Hwy 90. watch hand carved wood de- for signs Furniture, glass car double size bed. wear home items. To 02-1923. ( ) much to list. Don't miss it Bed A 100% all new Full Crestview size mattress set in plastic Multi-Moving w/warranty. $119.00. Sale 8B0-255-3050 Oct.4th 7am-? 3014 Co- -- lonial Cir. Leather Jacket, Solid wood bunk bed prom dress, men's, without mattresses. Has 5 women & teen girls drawer storage, 3 shelf cloths, truck tool box, fur- bookcase & built in desk' niture, other misc. w/ drawers. Asking $250. OBO. Crestview SOLDIII Neighborhood Yard Sale SSat. Oct 4, 7am-2 Mount 914 0 1 MR Olive Estates. 7 miles 320 I Hwy 90 East.to Mount ,"h,,_ R .l 4 D ft llo,,, .; . NEW TODAY Auburn GARAGE SALE! Sat. Oct. 4, 9AM-1PM 3142 Audrey Dr. (N.85', Tools new & old. Much morel NEW TODAY Baker Big Yard Sale Sat, Oct 4th. 9am-2. Just north of traffic light in baker on the left. Look for si ns, too much to list. 537- 3064 Baby items, name brand cloths, wedding decor, furniture, household items & much more NEW TODAY Crestview Sidewalk Sale Sat. Oct. 4 from 8am-?? 504 N Main St, Down- town Crestview across from the Courthouse. Glassware, Furniture, Lamps, Home Decor, Misc Household Items. Pictures, Antiques, Cor- lectibles & Jewelry. Storewide SALEI Items REDUCED and PRICED to SELLI 850-398-6557 MERCHANDISE 3100 Antiques 3110 Appliances 3120 Arts & Crafts 3130 Auctions 3140 Baby Items 3150 Building Supplies 310- hers, mantels, cuckoos, we bu antiques, Call 689-1.607 sal-.uu NOTICE OF SALE 3150 Metal Roofing. Buy di- rect from manufacturer. / Ir .13 Iz u c o ECTOR . *I m'lPif 4100SR rr~mn~t . . . . . HANDY^^ N c Crestview YARD SALE Sat. Oct. 4, 7AM 2PM, 2415 Woodbine Dr. Furniture Household items fishing gear, tools, home decor, priced to gol Crstview Yard Sale Sat 7 noon Furniture, clothes, decor, exercise equipment, elec- trical, and misc. Holt 6 Family Yard Sale 4785 Galfiver Cut-Of Lots and Lots of New baby items. Yard sale price. Mossy Head 3-Family Yard Salel Oct. 2 3 & 4 8AM4PM, 5556 Hwy 393 (Off of Hwy 90 East, past Maddox Store) Follow signs, to much to list Come check us out.. NEW TODAY Mossy Head YARD SALE Fri. & Sat Oct. 3 & 4, 8AM Until, 5425 Hw/ 393 (1 mile off Hwy 90 To much to list Moving Sale Sat. the 4th 7 am 1091 Farmer St. Crestview. Appliances dishes NEW TDrAY North of Crestview 3-FAMILY YARD SALE! Sat. Oct 4 7AM-1PM, 7257 Hwy 5 N. (7 mi- les north of CHS). Home Int., Christmas Decor, An- tiques, Maternity & De- signer clothes & ools. NEW TODAYo Tanning bed. new bronz- ing bulbs. $550 firm. 902-2607 call 4pm-8pm TUPPERWARE New Catalog, monthly special replacement or- er. Call Jackie 682-4305 32SO Jumbo Green & boiled peanuts. Holland Farms 1-877-675-6876 Unbelievable Dental Benefits Save up to 80% on all dental work only $14.95-19.95/mo. Also available: health benefits $29.95- 59.95/mo. Please Call: Ashley Johnson (850) 689-8679 3300 Attend College Online from Home. 'Medical, *Business *Paralegal, *Computers, *Criminal Justice. Job placement as- sistance. Computer avail- able. Financial Aid if qualified. Call (866)858-2121 I .-. ..- - eeDouevraroi -rsi -----~ st n t.I r 8 Crestview News Bulletin CLASSIFIED WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 1,2008 -- 3300 Crestview Elks Lodge Turkey Shoot begins on September 20 @ 9:00 am, and each Saturday Excellent Prizes. Hwy 90E to Fairchild Rd. Fol- low Signs. Glass sliding doors w/screen 72XB0 $50., Two sizeable sliding drawers for cabinets 50. Oak desk w/chair 150. call 689-0419 If you enjoy dining out, why not enhance your ex- perence by relaxing to hhe live piano sound of 16 yr old Jordan Colclasure Every Sat. at Coach n Four Sleakhouse ,Cview, 530pm- 830pm pianobyjordan.com Now Availablel 2008 Post Office Jobs. $18-$20/Hr. No Experi- ence, Paid Training, Fed Benefits Vacations. Call 8800)910-9941 Todayl REF #FL08. STATEMENT OF OWNERSHIP, MANAGEMENT AND CIRCULATION Publication: Crestview New Bulletin 295 W. James Lee Blvd Crestview, FL 32536 ' Publication Number 010-209 Filing Date: September 26, 2008 Issue Frequency Twice a Week Published Annually: 105 Annual Subscription Price: $31.20 in County 36.20 out of County Contact Person: Darrell Snyder 850-3154480 Complete Mailing Ad- dress of Known Office of Publication and General Business Office of Pub- lisher: 295 W. James Lee Blvd. Crestview, Florida 32536 | 3340 Gun Show, October 4-5. Sat. 9-5 & Sun. 10-5. Atlanta, GA. At- lanta Expo Center. (3650 Jonesboro Rd). Exit #239 Off 1-75 Over 1200 Ta- blesi Buy-Sell- Trade. Info: (563) 927-8176. National Arms Show. EMPLOYMENT 4100- Help Wanted 4110- Restaurants/Clubs 4120- Sales 4130 Employment Information Administrative/Clerical PT Clerical We are seeking a PT Clerical employee. Appli- cant must have basic of- fice, typing, and com- puter skills. Pleas apply at 755 N. Ferdon Blvd. Crestview, FL 32536. Web ID #27828417 EARN $1000- $3200/mo to drive new cars w/ads. Publisher: Jason Mobley Healthcare 295 W. James Lee Blvd. Crestview, Florida Medical 32536 Crestview. Editor: Kyle Wright 295 W. James Lee Blvd Crestview, FL 32536 Managing Editor N/A Owner: Florida Freedom News- paper, Inc (a Florida Corporation) P.O. Box 1940 Panama City, FL 32402 Freedom Newspapers, Inc (a Delaware Corpora- tion) P.O. Box 19549 Irvine, CA 92713 Known Bondholders Mortgages, and Other Security Holders Owning or Ho ding 1 Percent or More of Total Amount of Bonds, Mortgage, or Other Securities: Freedom Newspapers Acquisitions, Inc. 17666 Fitch Irvine CA 92614 Freedom Communica- tions, Inc. 17666 Fitch Irvine, CA 92614 Publication Title: Crestview News Bulletin Issue Date for Circulation Data: August 30, 2008 Extent and Nature of Cir- culation- Average No. Copies Each Issue During Precoding 12 months; Actual N0.Copies of Sin- gle Issue Published Nearest to Filing Date. Total Number of Copies: Average: 3054 Actual 2378 Paid Circulation Mailed Outside-County Paid Subscriptions Stated on PS Form 3541: Average: 121 Actual 108 Mailed In- County Sub- scriptions Stated on PS Form 3541: Average: 1481 Actual 1344 Paid Distribution Outside the Mails Including Sales Through Dealers and Carriers,Street Vendors, Counter Sales, and Other Paid Distribution Outside USPS: Average: 886 ActuaF 1670 Paid Distribution by Other Classes of Mail Through the USPS: Avera e:0 ActuaL 0 Total Paid Distribution: Avera e: 2488 Actual 2122 Total Free or Nominal Rate Distribution: Average: 0 Actua: 0 Total Distribution Average: 2488 Actua 2122 Copies not Distributed: Avera e: 566 Actua: 256 Total: Average: 3054 Actual: 2378 Percent Paid: Avera e: 100 Actual 100 Publication of Statement of Ownership: October 1, 2007 Assistant Exp not necessary, computer knowledge is VER es- sential Write Box 11, 2260 S Ferdon, Crest- view, 32536 NEW TOrDAY Logistics/Transportation Driver Trainees Needed No CDL? No Problems Earn up to $900wk. Home week- ends w/TMC. Company endorsed CDL Trainingq. 1-866-280-5309 4130 Driver: Don't Just start your career, start it right Company Sponsored CDL raining in 3 weeks. Must be 2. Have CDL? Tuition Reimbursementl CRST (866) 917-2778 Drivers. Immediate Openings. Fast Growing Specialized Car Haul Div. 21 days out 7 days home. Tops Pay! FREE Co. Benefits. Mn exp 1 yr. CDL-A Req. Min age 23 no felony. Call John @ Waqggners Trucking (91 )i571-9668 Drivers: Call ASAPI $$ Sign-On Bonus $$ 35-41 cpm Earn over $1000 weekly! Excellent Benefits Need CDL-A & 3 mos recent OTR (877)258-8782. Need a career??? Be- come a Nationally Certi- fied Heatin /AC Tech. 3.5wk. Nationally Ac- credited program. Get EPA/OSHAYNCCER Certified. Local job place- ment. Financin Availa- ble (877)944- 9904 Job Fair, Oct. 5. NSC - Technologies. Sheraton Suites' Tampa Airport. 4400 W. Cypress. Hir- ing welders, Outside Ma- chinists Sheet Metal, Ri- gers, Pipefitters, Shipft- ters, Marine Electricians. Info (757) 399-1738, (757)438- 2540, (615)473-3415 Post Office Now Hir- Cngi Avg Pay $20/hr or 57K/yr Including Fed- Jason Mobley eral benefits ana I. General Manager Placed by adSource, not September26, 2008 USPS who hires. Call I certify that all informa- (866)7134492. tion furnished on this form is true and com- plete. I understand that anyone who furnishes false or misleading infor- Smationon this form or Quality Assurance/Safety who omits material or in- formation requested on Mystery the form may be sub ect stery to criminal sanctions Shoppers (including fines and im- Earn up to $150 per prisonment) and/or civil day. Undercover shop- sanctions (including civil pers needed to judge re- penalties.2 fail and dining estab- October 1,2008. lishments. Experience not required. lease call 10/1/2008 1-877-664-5368 10/4/2008 Web ID #27821849 4--- ^ --------- ------------- -1 6110 Furnished 1 BR for ma- &.' L ture person, no smoking or ets. Utility ies Furnished $550. Call 689-1318 BUSINESS & FINANCIAL] * 5100 BusinessI Opportunities | 6130 5110- Money to Lend Crestve 305 Pu Crestview 305 Purl Adams 2 b 1 1/2ba W/D $705/mo + dep. o 0Avail now 5434742 Crestview- 3 br 2V2 All Cash Candy Route ba, 1 cg, near Wal-Mart. Do you earn $800 in a Pets ok. $900/mo. Avail dayd 30 Local Machines 10/15 496-2563 and Candy $9,995. 888)629-9968 M2000033. Call Us: We will not beb T undersold! | 6140 3BR/2BA half acre on Financial Freedom for Aurora Dr. $800.; you. $1000/day return- 3BR/2BA half acre on E. ?M phone calls. Not Chestnut $1000.; M.M. No buying or sell- 3BR/2BA 1810 sf. on ing products. Legal, Limestone $1095.; moral and ethical. 3BR/2BA on half acre, Pool w/pool mainte- bigmoney nance. Property Profes- 888)276-8596. sionals 683-1714 Guaranteed Weekly 4BR/2BA, Antioch Es- Settlement Check. Join tates $1100.; 4BR/2BA Wil-Trans Lease Operator 2403sf. Old Bethel Es- Program. Get the Benefits states $1400.; 4BR/4BA of Being a Lease Holly Hills, pool, pond, 2 Operator without any of acres, $1600. Property the Risk. 1866) Professionals 683-1714 O0n'9 OOO AA..,* L. b' 6140 6140 | 6140 0 Crestview: S. 1-10. 3BR 2BA, 2CG, $995mo.+ Rent to Own dep. Flex lease for mili- Crestview- Owner *E TOtary. 850-502-9340 financed. 3 br, I ba, .~ T aVI 850-502-9340 $690 mo. includes taxes tEW TU0 FWB- 3br, 2 ba Newer & insurance) with $3000 construction house w/ down. 537-9798 Crestview- 3 br 1 ba fenced yard available for ------ duplex, CH&A. Con- lease Oct. 1st. Great lo- pletely renovated, all cation to both bases. new carpet, ceramic tile Terms negotiable. $1200 floors, new cabinets & mo. Call 850 699-2189 W T alliances. N pets. $6b0mo+dd. 6824024 NEW TODAY Crestview 3BR/1BA 600. mo $400. dd. 462 Savage St. call 682-3931' NEW TODAY Crestview 2/1 Duplex New carpet / freshly painted, $600 mo/$600 DD, pets ok with addi- tional deposit, 682-7731 Mon-Fri NEW TODAY Crestview 3/1 Duplex New carpet / freshly painted, $700 mo/$700 DD, pets OK with addi- tional deposit, 682-7731 Mon-Fri Crestview 3br 2ba, $500/mo + $500 dep. 795 Barrow t. 398-2284 Crestview- Auburn area Nice brick 3br, 2ba. No pets/smoker. Lease 750 mo. 682 8356. NEW TfloAy Janet Johnson Realty, Inc. Equal Housing Opportunity 682-1800 Baker *1112 Country Living Rd 3 br, 2 ba; $950 Crestview * 116 Hampton Dr- 2 br 1.5 ba; $535 * 3689 Cosson Circle - 3 br, 2 ba; $600 * 216 Virginia St- 2 br 1.5 b;a $625 * 2377 Lake Silver Rd - 2 br, 1 ba; $650 * 694 Lee Ave - 3 br, 1 ba; $675 * 1704 1st Ave- 3 br 1.5 ba; $700 * 262 Virginia St - 2 br 1.5 ha; $700 * 315 Brackin St- 3 br 1 ba; $725 * 266 Virginia St 2 br, 1.5 a, $750 . * 329 John king Rd- 3 br, 2 ba; $800 * 106 Corwin Dr- 2 br 2.5 ba; $800 * 107 Corwin Dr - 2 br 2.5 ba; $800 * 698 Lee Ave - 4 br, 2 ba; $800 * 134 Swayin Pine Ct - 3 br 2.5 ba; $25 * 2805 Wilson Ln - 3 br 2ba;'$900 * 6462 Moonlight Ln - 2 br, 2 ba; $1150 0 5442 E Brook Dr - 4 br 2 ba; $1200 * 6317 Havenmist Ln - 4 br, 2 ba; $1250 * 2704 Ashley Maria Ct 3 br, 2 ba $1250 *3280 Chappelwood Dr 4 br, 2 ba; $1400 NEW roTlAY Janet Johnson. Realty, Inc. Equal Housing pportunity 692-1800 7U-/YO ., Must Ue 2. Own a Recession Proof fI DAV Business Established ac- fW counts with the average owner earning over $200K a year call 24/7 Century 21 (866)622-8892 Code X Moulton Realty 682-3849 '--- Rentals: 107 & 121 Swaying .; Pine, 3br, 2.5ba $850 mo + $600 dd 504 Tall Pines 3 br 1 ba $725+dd S6117 Magnolia 3br, 2ba, $775mo+dd 1 143 Lonnie Jack 3 br, 2ba $880mo+dd 6100 Business/ 4638 Falcon Way Tomm- sercial 3 br 2 ba $800mo+dd 6110 Apartments 220 Water Oak 6120 Beach Rentals 3 br, 2 ba, $850+dd 6130 Condo/Townhouse 0 5474 Haburn St. 6140 House Rentals 3 br 2 ba, $900 6150 Roommate Wanted 309 John King 6160 Rooms for Rent 3 br 2 ba $800 6170 Mobile Home/Lot *513 WingSpan Way 6180 Out-of-Town Rentals 3br, 2'2ba $775+dd 6190 Timeshare Rentals 0 6117 Magnolia 6200 Vacation Rentals 3 br 2 ba $775 02413 Half Moon 3 br, 2ba $1200+dd 6100 4 br, 2 1/2 ba, $1000 Coldwell Banker United NEA Realtors 117 Courthouse NEWfI l Terrace, Crestview, FI 32536 (850) 689-1515 Commercial office space or 8501 682-5922-EHO for Lease 828 N. Ferdon e307 Walnut Ave, 1br, Blvd. 682-2735 ba, 70sf $425 triplex Blv. 82275 305 Walnut Ave 2br 1ba,.900sf, $500 end NEW TO A uy m u309 Walnut Ave. 2br. S1ba 900sf, $500 end unit Crestview For lease 0 230 Runnymeade Dr Commercial Space 798- 2br, 1.5ba 930sf $600 A&B S. Main St. Lawn Service&quarterly 682-2735 pest control provided - end unit 238 Runnymeade Dr. ... l /lf l l ~2br. 1.5ba, 930 sf, IEW I o $600, lawn service & quarterly pest control pro- For Lease Main Street vided- interior unit location. 201 N. Main 130 Patton St 2br, 1ba St. Call 682-2735 900sf $625 no pets al- ,_,___, __-, _. ~ lowed 418 Brown PI 2br, I, 1ba 1066sf $675 S of NEW rTU -10* 6106 Magnolia Lane - 3br,1.5ba 1 26sf $695- For Lease, Newly Re 1 st months rent free modeled Commercial 0 8146 8th Ave 3br,2ba Space 176-178 S. Indus- 1355sf $750 Laurel Hill trial Drive. 682-2735 0 152 Saw ginPines CT 3br2.5 ba 309sf - -$880 End Unit Office in Crestview 0 747 Majestic Dr South of 1-10. Call (850) 3br2,5ba 1424sf - 306-5091 $85"1 months free rent - --South of 1-10 S0 118 Campbell Dr S3br,2ba 1207sf $850 - O E & pets with approval LI iI61 0 5720 Reinke Dr 3br, 2ba 1253sf $850 pets NlW" Tfllr iAY 9 50 Abbey Rd 3br, 2ba EWl IVt 1165sf $850 1 months rent free to military 1 mo Free Renti o2904 Orchidcrest Dr. Cr. Few et 4br 2ba, 1600sf, $875 Crestview- 2br, Iba, /2 months free rent ce; g,-,te. No pets 238 Tiffot Ct 3br,2ba o ep,12 1620sf $899 1st mo lease req. 585-6985 month's rent free 4713 Connor Dr 4br, S2ba 1748sf. $925 - .... rlln l South of 1-10 free NMEW II1 months rent toMilitary 9 2834 Atoka Trail 4br Broakmeade Villas 2ba 1953sf. $995- 1f Apts. I apartment months rent free to mil available now for the eld- r507 White Oak Lane ery, handicapped & dis- 50.Wit.Ok.an elbirs r 2ba 1850sf $995 abed. 102 Noble Circle ^. 2 8 $ - e 102272 TDD2bleCir Firs MonthsRent Free Cresview F l 2140 Hagood Loop 850-689-2272 TDD/1T'Y 4 2ba 2254sf, 711. Equal Housing Op- 25 spit bedroom potuny. floor plan *1235 Gabrielle Dr. 3br Crestview 2br 1ba 2ba, 1758sf, $1125 duplex Large fenced yard large fenced back yard $650mo. 2912 B Cres- 0 248 Limestone Cir cent Ave. 537-0141 3br,4ba 1866sf $1200 - no pets allowed Crestview- 2 br 1 ba, 4180 Big Buck Trail, $650/mo + $650 dep' 4br 2ba, 1823sf, No petsl Oct 1st 850 $1215 no pets allowed 398-5757 or 420-1517 228 Riverchase Blvd 4br,2ba 2555sf. $1300 Crestview Bent k1 st months rent free Crestview Bent Creek 0 301 Sunesta CT 4br Apts II Vouchers Ac- ba 2547 sf $1300 10/ cepted. Rental assistance military discount or ,/2 may be avail. 1 & 2BR Month s Rent free to Mili- HC'& non-HC accessible tary apts. 209 Bent Creek Rd. 435 Hatchee Dr 4 br, Crestview FL. Call 850 2 ba, 2250sf, $1300 682-5563, TDD/TTY all appliances included. 711. Equal Housing Op- a52l Clint Mason Rd. portunity 3br 2.5ba, 1878sf $1400 pets allowed w/ Crestview Inn approval Motel $35 daily $165 For further information wk, efficiency $200 Wk. and to apply online, $600 4 weeks. Call please visit our website 682-4466 at: Crestview Spacious 2500sf, qreat location, pets ok, $1200/mo. Da- vid 850-826-1662 Teel & Waters Real Estate RENTALS 682-6156 204 Booker St. 500 2 br, 1 ba 231 Lustan Dr, $1000 4br, 2 ba, 2 cgS of -10 391 Riverchase $1150, 4 br, 2 ba, 2 cg, No pets *139 Stephens Lane, $850 3 br, 2ba, 1 AC * 1524 Long Needle Ct, $1000, 3, 2, no pets + Commercial 290 Main Street $1500 16x80 M.H. 3br:/ 2ba w/ W/D hook up, CH&A, $695 per mo., $500 dep. 682-1266 3BR/2BA on 3122 Auburn Rd. Large yard. no ets $600. mo& $600.dd call 546-1960 Auburn area3br, 2ba, large yard. Large trailer. No smoke/pets. $550 mo. $575dd. 240-0890 NMfEW TlDAY Crestview Newly Re- modeled 2br, 1 ba, $450mo. Quiet park. No pets. Military & seniors welcome. 850-585-8192 Mobile Home on 1.91 acres, 3BR/2BA, 960 sf., fenced yard, small pet ok, $525. mo Prop- erty Professionals 683-1714 Crestview NEW TOgAYm Laurel Hill 2BR, split 4br, 3ba, 2500sqft S of bath, stove, fridge, air & 110, great view in great heat. Avail Oct 1. $500. neighborhood, Brick mo+utils 850-652-4155 home, 419 Christopher Drive. $219,000. Call to .... TnnlV see today-259-1327. Crestview, 114 Jacob N W IU St. 3br 2ba, 1100sf. Lg. yard $875/mo. Pet/ Milligan 3BR/2BA smoking ok. 652-285 Near Hwy 90 Brand new $875.265 or+ dd call 685-2650 or 682-0965 NEW TODAY Crestview, 2 br, 1 ba, CH&A, section 8 ap- proved. 740 Dixie Street, $585mo, $500 dd. 683-8928 or 758-1609 Crestview, FL Beautiful Crestview Home For Rent Great Neighborhood, close to everything, largeyard 230 sf un- furnished 4 BR, 2.5 BA 2 car gara.e. Call 850-259-1560. 511 Building P, ofes:,nal lJob Code 401i Construction IJob Code 47) Manufacluring Job Code 41i Go to CoastJobsWest.com or call us at 866-374-1549 and use Job Code listed above to complete your job seeker profile Wddi iTnonster A service of the Crestview News Bulletin Do Something Good For Tomorrow RECYCLE TODAY! MII 7100 S ldeted FWB Kenwood Subdivision Beautiful brick 3 br, 2 ba, 2 cg. Located close to bases on auiet half acre corner lot. Built in 1994, kitchen recently updated with stainless steel liances, corner FP w/aI brick hearth, vaulted ceilings, fresh paint, security system, updated elecfronc irri- gation, large screened porch under roof, chain nk A agency One 850-974-7778 FWB Commercial 1035 N. Beal $2600mo 509K, 35+ Acres from $34,900 First Come, First Served Saturday, October 4, 2008 South- ern Colorado ranches Ex- cellent financing availa- ble Call for your private property tour 1866)696-5263 x4576. Baker 2 acres with 2 mobile homes for sale all included. Call 217-0571 WILL FINANCE Lakefront living at its finest. Homesites availa- ble nestled in the moun- tains of NC along 150 miles of shoreline. 30% discounts for limited time (800)709-LAKE. Sale or Trade 702 ac- res, tbr/dev. land Holmes Co. Fl. nr 1-10, $3,500 acre 850-892-3398 2 br, 2 ba, CH&A, $10K 3 br, 2 ba, CH&A,$13K Both in FWB. Must sell by 9/28/08. 259-2180, *Low $ Down Homes* Gov't & Bank Reposl Lit- tle $ Downl Call Nowl (800) 861-5890 7190 res with great view, very private, big trees, water- falls & large public lake nearby, $49,500 call now (66)789-8535. South Carolina low country Hunting/ Recrea- tion mar- ketlI Call Now (803)826-6033 (Brokers protected . Steal My Marshfront Owner sacrificelll Drop dead gorgeous Marshfront. My neighbor paid $389,900. I'll sell mine for less than the bank repo's. My six fig- ure loss is your gain. $229,900. tall: (888)306-47. 330699-2741 or 8661550-5263, Ask About Mini Vacationl 8100 Antique & Collectibles 8110-Cars 8120 Sports Utility Vehicles 8130 -Trucks B140 -Vans 8150 Commercial 8160- Motorcycles 8170- Auto Parts & Accessories 8210 Boats 8220 Personal Watercraft 8230 Sailboats 8240 Boat & Marine Supplies 8310 Aircraft/Aviation 8320 ATV/Off Road Vehicles 8330 Campers & Trailers 8340 Molorhomes 1995 Lincoln Town car (Spinnaker) in good cond. Need to sell bought a newer one. $3500. Very nice. call 537-9611 or 826-2897 2001 Ford Mustang Co- bra. Good Condition Yellow color PW PL, 5 spd, low miles $11,500. call 758-5057 8120 Jeep Rubicon 2006 6 speed manual, 29K,mi, ext war, CD changer, sat- ellite radio, white w/blk soft top (619) 204-1406 GMC Sierra 1500 SLE Ext Cab '02 Deep Royal Blue with ray cloth interior, /C, AM/FM w/CD, Pwr windows, door locks, mirrors. Tow pkg, bedliner w/ toneau cover. 4.8L V8 with automatic. 162k miles and it has been regularly maintained. $7500 obo. Call 850-651-4446 8160 Harley Nightster 2007, comes with 7 year warranty, only 1600 mi- les $9500 firm. 398-228. Call today (850) 689-2221 Offer expires,10/10/08 I. EXPERIENCED SALES PERSON WANTED Competitive Salary & Benefits Apply in person ^CZ ^ - 4,- 0 JE W E L E R S 866 N. Ferdon Blvd., Crestview, FL (850) 682-3638 Kenneth Cadenhead Sales Professional for H ". Award Chevrolet, would like EHEVh. ILET to answer any questions you may have about our quality vehicles. -- ANMAMERKICANR=-ViTUON Wcard Your Silverado Headquarters Locally Owned & Operated # CHEVROLET 4150 S. Ferdon Blvd., Crestview 682-2731 JL W I% j;)YCVVI U V UI LI Baker 5804 Buck Ward Rd - 3 br 2 ba $900 Crestview- Brick 3br, 2 *d '112 Country Living ba on 1 acre Auburn 3 br, 2 ba; $950 area, $700/mo 850 r, a; $5 652.4374 Crestview 9 694 Lee Ave E- 3 br 1 ba; $525 S* 3689 Cosson Circle - 3 br 2 ba; $600 216 Vir'inia St- 2 br 1.5 ba; $625 g T/DA 1690-A Farmer St - 2 hbr 1 ba, $675 NEW1* 1704 1st Ave - 3 br, 1.5 ba; $700 Crestview NE, MH out 202 Virginia St - in the country on 1 acre, 2 br 1.5 ba; $700 nice 3 br, 2 ba, w/ 698 Lee Ave. E - porches, playhouse shed 4 br 2 ba, $700 all appls. incl. W/D. 315 Brackin St- $625/mo. + $350sd. + 3 br 1 ba; $725 inside pet dep. 850 0 266 Virginia St 758-8629 or 682-2009 2 br 1.5 Ba, $750 1607Corwin Dr- 2 br 2.5 ba $750 S* 39 John king Rd- 3 br 2 ba; $795 106CorwinDr- Crestview Rentals: 2 br 2.5 ba; $800 + S. Willson 2 homes 134 Swayin Pine Ct - $400 & $450 3 br 2.5 ba $825 *SSpring St 3 br, 1 ba 205 Wilson Ln - $550 3 br, 2 ba; $900 * Tall Pines 3 br 1.5 ba 5682 Reinke Dr.- $675 4 br 3 ba $900 * Ed ewood'PI 3br, 1ba 6462 Moonliqht Ln - $800 2 br, 2 ba; $1150 * Krest Dr 3 br, 2 ba 0 5442 E Brook Dr- $900 4br 2ba; $1200 * Jacob St 4 br, 2 ba 6317 H 'venmist Ln - $950 4 br 2ba; $1250 Rick Epperson Realty LLC 204Ashley Maria Ct 850-865-7777 3 br, 2 ba; $1250 *3280 Chataelwood Dr 4 br, 2 ba; $1400 ti c r J Contact Us | Permissions | Preferences | Technical Aspects | Statistics | Internal | Privacy Policy © 2004 - 2010 University of Florida George A. Smathers Libraries.All rights reserved. Acceptable Use, Copyright, and Disclaimer Statement Last updated October 10, 2010 - - mvsCan Brandon Roy return to form?
Brandon Roy's comeback was one of the biggest surprises of the summer, and when the Minnesota Timberwolves begin their season in November, all eyes will be on the former All-Star to see what he can do at this point in his career.
Sponsored Links. "I'll be honest, some of the lift isn't what it used to be, but my explosiveness, my explosiveness to get to the basket is good. More than anything, I think I'm a lot smarter of a basketball player.
PHOTOS: Familiar NBA faces in brand new places
"The NBA season is long and my body isn't what it used to be. Right now I feel great. Me and coach (Rick) Adelman are going to sit down before the season and communicate throughout the year about how I'm feeling and what's the best way to get the most out of me. I feel great. Right now, there's nothing holding me back. I can go out there and play as much as I like.", 'Be honest, how do I look?' And they said, 'You would be crazy if you didn't play basketball again.' I felt really good, but sometimes you need that outside opinion just watching you. It was tough, being out of the game, having to constantly remind yourself that you're capable of it," Roy said.
KENDRICK PERKINS: 'We're not chasing the Lakers'
"Now that I'm in Minnesota working out with my teammates, they say, 'Hey man, you look great, we can't wait to get out on the court with you.' It gives me even more confidence. It's something I'm going to have to continue to build. I'm excited about training camp. I'm going to try to improve there, and then look forward to my first preseason game."
Last month, the shooting guard played in his first organized game since his retirement when he participated in the Jamal Crawford Pro-Am. Roy was very effective, scoring 32 points against NBA-level competition. Crawford came away very impressed with his friend's performance.
DOC RIVERS: Coach wants the Celtics to hate the Heat
"He looked really good," Crawford said. "He moved well and got where he wanted. He looked like B-Roy."
Roy can't wait to take the court alongside Kevin Love and Ricky Rubio, two players he has tremendous respect for and has spent plenty of time watching during his one-year hiatus.
"I'm really excited," Roy said when asked about the opportunity to play with Love. "He was the first guy to text me when I was meeting with Minnesota. The first thing I asked (general manager) David Kahn was, 'How does Love feel that I fit in?' He was just real excited to have me. He texted to say he would love to have me on the team and he was looking forward to training camp and improving. That made me feel great. Kevin Love had an incredible season last year and capped it off with the Olympic team and all those great players. I just want to come in next year and help them make the next step, which is to get to the playoffs, just so he can get that experience because I think he deserves it.
"I watched as a fan last year, not just all the big stars, but especially guys like Ricky Rubio. I was very interested to see how he would perform in the NBA. He was one of those guys who people kind of got down on because his numbers weren't great overseas, but when he came here, he was just great. The biggest thing that stood out to me is that he's a winner. He will go out there and score two points, but he wants to get 13 or 14 assists, he wants to get his teammates going. Me, sitting at home, of course that is the type of guy you want to play with. He can get you shots. Making this comeback, I'm looking forward to Rubio getting over his knee injury. We want him to take his time and come back when he's 100% ready to get out there, but I'm excited to play with a guy like him. He can create for me. A guy like Love, I can get some pick-and-rolls, he can pop and get some easy shots. There are a lot of good pieces here and I'm excited to be back in the NBA fold."
Not only will Roy be able to contribute on the court, he'll also be an excellent addition to Minnesota's locker room. Throughout the course of his career, he has always been a leader. The Timberwolves are a team that relies on a lot of young players, so bringing in an experienced veteran like Roy, who has been to the playoffs and knows what it takes to be successful, can be beneficial.
"My biggest thing is that I try to lead by example," Roy said. "I try to be one of the first guys in the gym. I try to make sure guys see me in the weight room, see me getting my treatment. When I'm on the court, I just try to perform. I'm not one of those rah-rah guys. When I'm playing,, wanting to take that next step and understanding that it's not just going to happen because we have good players, we have to get in and put the work in, starting now, and try to carry it over to training camp."
Roy's return will be a storyline worth following during this upcoming season. If he's feeling as good as he says and his knees aren't limiting him, the addition of Roy to Minnesota could be one of the biggest acquisitions of the offseason and a move that helps lift the Timberwolves into the playoffs.
Hoopsworld.com is part of the USA TODAY Sports Media Group
Posted | UpdatedDenim Review: Dittos Misty Love Bird Denim Shorts
This weeks denim review is on a pair of denim shorts, the Dittos Misty Love Bird Denim Shorts to be exact! You may have recently just seen these on Bella Thorne, who looks amazing in them, but hopefully this review will let you see the shorts in more closer detail.
I have a couple of pairs of Dittos skinny jeans, so this was my first time trying their shorts, but they actually fit quite well. The rise is of a mid height at both the front and back and they fit pretty true to size, however I think I should have sized up as I generally like my shorts to fit a little looser. These are a 27, which is my normal size in most denim brands, so you can stick to your regular size for these with a slimmer fit, or size up one, so they will be a little looser.
These have a raw hem so they have that frayed edge look, which is something that I always love on shorts. You can see the inseam is quite a nice length from the front, however, they are cut the same all around, so when you get to the back, they are quite short. I do have a butt that sticks out quite a bit, so you might want to keep that in mind if you have the same, as it means your butt takes up more of the fabric at the back so there isn’t much left in the way of an inseam. On me (you can see in the photo in the gallery) they just about cover the cheeks. I’m glad they do cover though as I wouldn’t like to wear them if they didn’t, but they are definitely short, so that’s why sizing up might be a good option so you can pull them down a little bit, so they hang lower on the hips.
The best thing about these shorts entirely though is the love bird print! It’s so adorable and sweet! I find these shorts to be really unique with this print as I haven’t really seen many bird printed jeans or shorts around, so I am really glad to have these as part of my collection. I do actually have the full length jean as well, however they don’t fit very well on me, the legs are a bit loose, so that’s why I favour the shorts over those. The print though, as you can see, is really bold and colourful. The love birds are facing each other in a romantic way and they are bigger and smaller on various parts of the shorts, which gives a nice effect.
In terms of denim, they are really thin which is great for shorts and they are quite stretchy so they are comfortable to wear. I would have just liked to size up like I mentioned, so they would be even more comfortable on me. These are now in the sale for only $55, so they are a great deal! It’s been so hot here over in England, which is very unusual for us since we are known for grey skies and rain, so it’s been a nice change to wear summer clothes for once! These are definitely worth their price though, they are very fun! Buy these shorts online at Lulus in the sale for $55.
Shorts courtesy of Dittos, opinion and article my own.
Written by Lorna Burford
Klaus Dern has disposable blade holders that fit in a regular blade holder. You might want to contact him - 706-635-8840. They set in the blade holder and tighten when you clamp it down just as you would a blade. Hope this helps.Joyce-----Original Message-----From: histonet-bounces@lists.utsouthwestern.edu[mailto:histonet-bounces@lists.utsouthwestern.edu]On Behalf Of Lett,JaclynnSent: Friday, March 11, 2005 2:52 PMTo: Gayle Callis; Histonet@lists.utsouthwestern.eduSubject: RE: [Histonet] Reichert Histostat manualGayle,Thank you for replying. Don Birgerson has already contacted me aboutthe manual and will send a PDF file.Here's hoping that someone on the list has one of those disposable knifeholders and no longer needs it. Maybe we can make a deal.Thank you,Jaclynn LettSenior Research TechnicianElectron Microscopy Core FacilityDepartment of OtolaryngologyWashington University School of Medicine660 S. Euclid Ave., Campus Box 8115St. Louis, MO 63110>Voice: 747-7257Fax: 747-7230>Email: lettj@ent.wustl.edu> -----Original Message-----From: Gayle Callis [mailto:gcallis@montana.edu] Sent: Friday, March 11, 2005 12:51 PMTo: Lett, Jaclynn; Histonet@lists.utsouthwestern.eduSubject: Re: [Histonet] Reichert Histostat manualJaclynn,The disposable knife holder that works in this old cryostat is the one invented for use with an AO 820 microtome many, many years ago. It is asolid holder with a preset angle that needs no adjustment. You can slipa high profile blade (only profile blade you can use in this holder) usinga side release lever. The joy is holder bottom parts fit into the slotson this cryostat, and will lock securely into place. You have to play withpickingProtected >Healthcare Information. If you are not the intended recipient, beadvised >that any unauthorized use, disclosure, copying or the taking of anyaction >in reliance on the contents of this information is strictly prohibited.If >you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the >sender via telephone or return mail.>>_______________________________________________>Histonet mailing list>Histonet@lists.utsouthwestern.edu> CallisMT,HT,HTL(ASCP)Research Histopathology SupervisorVeterinary Molecular BiologyMontana State University - BozemanPO Box 173610Bozeman MT 59717-3610406.We Rock!
netmilsmom - “We Rock” - funny, simple words.
I have struggled with how to respond to this - am just not a good one for words. If this group just understood what a difference you have made for this project - simply said, difference in night and day. 3,000!!! videos down last month! I remember the days when a few hundred gave me cause for joy. Reading comments this morning - the strong beliefs, the involvement of FReepers in areas of right and wrong - this is a unique and wonderful group. As Star says - thank you for everything you do. You DO rock!Advantage Auto Service
- (814) 266-0872
- 692 Scalp Ave
- Johnstown PA 15904
- Read user reviewsAdvantage Auto Services692 Scalp Avenue, Johnstown, PA 15904, United StatesShowing 3 reviews out of 3 total
Paul Cline05/20/155 Stars - Our flat bed trailer frame broke very late Friday night on rt219. These folks not only were able to tow it but were able execute a difficult repair at a reasonable price before noon the Sat. even though they were very busy. Recommend.jszczur4205/03/145 Stars - I always have my work done at advantage auto services. The owner has a reputation of quality and accurate work done the first time. I would highly commend Advantage Auto to my friends.Brian Beam04/11/144 Stars - I like the prices, but they're always in a hurry and NEVER take the time to actually listen to what's wrong. It's hard to argue with the prices, but what's the point if the problem never gets fixed?- .
1. Introduction
Multiple.
2. Methods
2.1. Patients-1a monotherapy ()  1.0-point sustained (12-week) increase in the EDSS score in patients who had a baseline EDSS score of 1.0 or a 1.
2.2. MRI Imaging and Analysis].
2.3. Statistical Analysis
Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS 13.0 (SPSS, Chicago, IL, USA) and SAS 9.0 (SAS Institute, Raleigh, NC, USA).
MS patients were classified into two groups based on their disease duration at baseline. Patients with disease duration of 24 value was 0.01 by using two-tailed tests.
3. Results
3.1. Demographic, Clinical, and MRI Characteristics at Baseline
Table 1 shows demographic, clinical, and MRI characteristics of the total MS cohort (), as well as of the early () and late () disease duration groups. No significant differences were found in baseline demographic, clinical and MRI characteristics between the MS cohort who participated in serial bimonthly MRI ASA study () compared to the total MS cohort participating in the ASA study ().
Mean disease duration at baseline was 5.5 years for all the patients, with 1.2 years among the early and 7.1 years among the late groups (). ().
The late disease duration group had a significantly decreased normalized CV (), normalized WBV (), and increased T2-LV ().
3.2. MRI Outcomes Over the Followup
Significant differences within individual total, early, and late disease duration groups were detected for % changes in WBV () and C ().
Evolution of bimonthly % CV changes is shown in Figure 1. Significant differences within individual total, early, and late disease duration groups were detected in CV over 2 years ().
3.3. Bimonthly Effect of T2-LV Accumulation on Cortical Volume Changes.
3.4. Bimonthly Effect of Cortical Volume Changes on Disability Progression ().
When adjusted for baseline CV, by using the changes in CV from baseline and every six months in our analysis, the association with disability progression became nonsignificant in both early and late RRMS groups.
4. Discussion 24-1a reduces T2 LV [31], slows disability progression, [32], and prevents development of brain atrophy [33–36]. However, despite these known effects of treatment with IM IFN-1a [35]. The extent of cortical atrophy development in untreated MS patients is likely to be greater than that observed in the treated patients in this study. A previous case-control study suggested that IM IFN.
Acknowledgments
- R. Zivadinov and I. Pirko, “Advances in understanding gray matter pathology in multiple sclerosis: are we ready to redefine disease pathogenesis?” BMC Neurology, vol. 12, p. 9, 2012. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar
- H. E. Hulst and J. J. Geurts, “Gray matter imaging in multiple sclerosis: what have we learned?” BMC Neurology, vol. 11, no. 153, 2011. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar
- B. F. Popescu and C. F. Lucchinetti, “Meningeal and cortical grey matter pathology in multiple sclerosis,” BMC Neurology, vol. 12, p. 11, 2012. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar
- C. A. Walker, A. J. Huttner, and K. C. O'Connor, “Cortical injury in multiple sclerosis; the role of the immune system,” BMC Neurology, vol. 11, p. 152, 2011. View at Google Scholar
- M. Calabrese, N. De Stefano, M. Atzori et al., “Detection of cortical inflammatory lesions by double inversion recovery magnetic resonance imaging in patients with multiple sclerosis,” Archives of Neurology, vol. 64, pp. 1416–1422, 2007. · View at Scopus
- A. Seewann, E. J. Kooi, S. D. Roosendaal et al., “Postmortem verification of MS cortical lesion detection with 3D DIR,” Neurology, vol. 78, no. 5, pp. 302–308, 2012. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar
- A. Seewann, H. Vrenken, E. J. Kooi et al., “Imaging the tip of the iceberg: visualization of cortical lesions in multiple sclerosis,” Multiple Sclerosis, vol. 17, no. 10, pp. 1202–1210, 2011. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar
- J. J. Geurts, S. D. Roosendaal, M. Calabrese et al., “Consensus recommendations for MS cortical lesion scoring using double inversion recovery MRI,” Neurology, vol. 76, pp. 418–424, 2011. View at Google Scholar
- M. Calabrese, M. Atzori, V. Bernardi et al., “Cortical atrophy is relevant in multiple sclerosis at clinical onset,” Journal of Neurology, vol. 254, no. 9, pp. 1212–1220, 2007. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar
- M. Calabrese, F. Rinaldi, I. Mattisi et al., “The predictive value of gray matter atrophy in clinically isolated syndromes,” Neurology, vol. 77, pp. 257–263, 2011. View at Google Scholar
- R. G. Henry, M. Shieh, D. T. Okuda, A. Evangelista, M. L. Gorno-Tempini, and D. Pelletier, “Regional grey matter atrophy in clinically isolated syndromes at presentation,” Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Psychiatry, vol. 79, no. 11, pp. 1236–1244, 2008. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- D. P. Ramasamy, R. H. B. Benedict, J. L. Cox et al., “Extent of cerebellum, subcortical and cortical atrophy in patients with MS. A case-control study,” Journal of the Neurological Sciences, vol. 282, no. 1-2, pp. 47–54, 2009. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- S. D. Roosendaal, K. Bendfeldt, H. Vrenken et al., “Grey matter volume in a large cohort of MS patients: relation to MRI parameters and disability,” Multiple Sclerosis, vol. 17, pp. 1098–1106, 2011. View at Google Scholar
- N. Bergsland, D. Horakova, M. G. Dwyer et al., “Subcortical and cortical gray matter atrophy in a large sample of patients with clinically isolated syndrome and early relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis,” AJNR American Journal of Neuroradiology, vol. 33, no. 8, pp. 1573–1578, 2012.
- L. K. Fisniku, D. T. Chard, J. S. Jackson et al., “Gray matter atrophy is related to long-term disability in multiple sclerosis,” Annals of Neurology, vol. 64, no. 3, pp. 247–254, 2008. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- D. Horakova, M. G. Dwyer, E. Havrdova et al., “Gray matter atrophy and disability progression in patients with early relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. A 5-year longitudinal study,” Journal of the Neurological Sciences, vol. 282, no. 1-2, pp. 112–119, 2009.
- C. Wegner, M. M. Esiri, S. A. Chance, J. Palace, and P. M. Matthews, “Neocortical neuronal, synaptic, and glial loss in multiple sclerosis,” Neurology, vol. 67, no. 6, pp. 960–967, 2006.
- M. Calabrese and P. Gallo, “Magnetic resonance evidence of cortical onset of multiple sclerosis,” Multiple Sclerosis, vol. 15, no. 8, pp. 933–941, 2009. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- O. Dolezal, M. G. Dwyer, D. Horakova et al., “Detection of cortical lesions is dependent on choice of slice thickness in patients with multiple sclerosis,” International Review of Neurobiology, vol. 79, pp. 475–489, 2007. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- A. Kutzelnigg and H. Lassmann, “Cortical lesions and brain atrophy in MS,” Journal of the Neurological Sciences, vol. 233, no. 1-2, pp. 55–59, 2005. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- E. Havrdova, R. Zivadinov, J. Krasensky et al., “Randomized study of interferon beta-1a, low-dose azathioprine, and low-dose corticosteroids in multiple sclerosis,” Multiple Sclerosis, vol. 15, no. 8, pp. 965–976, 2009. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- D. Horakova, J. L. Cox, E. Havrdova et al., “Evolution of different MRI measures in patients with active relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis over 2 and 5 years: a case-control study,” Journal of Neurology, Neurosurgery and Psychiatry, vol. 79, no. 4, pp. 407–414, 2008. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- T. Kalincik, D. Horakova, O. Dolezal et al., “Interferon, azathioprine and corticosteroids in multiple sclerosis: 6-year follow-up of the ASA cohort,” Clinical Neurology and Neurosurgery, vol. 114, pp. 940–946, 2012. View at Google Scholar
- R. Zivadinov, M. Heininen-Brown, C. V. Schirda et al., “Abnormal subcortical deep-gray matter susceptibility-weighted imaging filtered phase measurements in patients with multiple sclerosis: a case-control study,” Neuroimage, vol. 59, no. 1, pp. 331–339, 2012. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar
- S. M. Smith, Y. Zhang, M. Jenkinson et al., “Accurate, robust, and automated longitudinal and cross-sectional brain change analysis,” NeuroImage, vol. 17, no. 1, pp. 479–489, 2002. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- P. Diggle, Analysis of Longitudinal Data, Oxford University Press, Oxford, UK, 2nd edition, 2002.
- J. H. Simon, L. D. Jacobs, M. Campion et al., “Magnetic resonance studies of intramuscular interferon β-1a for relapsing multiple sclerosis,” Annals of Neurology, vol. 43, no. 1, pp. 79–87, 1998. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- Scopus
- K. Nakamura, R. A. Rudick, J.-C. Lee, P. Foulds, and E. Fisher, “Effect of intramuscular interferon beta-1a on gray matter atrophy in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis,” Neurology, vol. 74, p. A407, 2010. View at Google Scholar
- R. A. Rudick, E. Fisher, J. C. Lee, J. T. Duda, and J. Simon, “Brain atrophy in relapsing multiple sclerosis: relationship to relapses, EDSS, and treatment with interferon βla,” Multiple Sclerosis, vol. 6, no. 6, pp. 365–372, 2000. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- R. A. Rudick, E. Fisher, J. C. Lee, J. Simon, and L. Jacobs, “Use of the brain parenchymal fraction to measure whole brain atrophy in relapsing-remitting MS,” Neurology, vol. 53, no. 8, pp. 1698–1704, 1999. View at Google Scholar ·. Zivadinov, A. T. Reder, M. Filippi et al., “Mechanisms of action of disease-modifying agents and brain volume changes in multiple sclerosis,” Neurology, vol. 71, no. 2, pp. 136–144, 2008. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- M. Calabrese, F. Agosta, F. Rinaldi et al., “Cortical lesions and atrophy associated with cognitive impairment in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis,” Archives of Neurology, vol. 66, no. 9, pp. 1144–1150, 2009. View at Publisher ·Foster, G.; Vance, D.; Argles, T. and Harris, N.
(2002).
The Tertiary collision-related thermal history and tectonic evolution of the NW Himalaya.
Journal of Metamorphic Geology, 20(9) pp. 827–844.
Garnet-whole rock Sm-Nd data are presented for several samples from the Indian plate in the NW Himalaya. These dates, when combined with the P-T evolution of the Indian plate rocks, allow a thorough reconstruction of the prograde thermal evolution of this region (including the Nanga Parbat Haramosh Massif) during the early Cenozoic. Combining these data with Rb-Sr mineral separate ages, enables us to constrain the post-peak cooling history of this region of the Himalaya.
The data presented here indicate that the upper structural levels of the cover rocks of the Nanga Parbat Haramosh Massif, and similar rocks in the Kaghan Valley to the south-west, were buried to pressures of c. 10 kbar and heated to temperatures of c. 650 °C at 46–41 Ma. The burial of the lower structural levels of the cover rocks of the Nanga Parbat Haramosh Massif, to similar depths but at higher temperatures of c. 700 °C, occurred slightly later at 40–36 Ma, synchronous with the imbrication and exhumation of the amphibolite- and eclogite-grade rocks of the Kaghan Valley. In contrast, the cover rocks of the Nanga Parbat Haramosh Massif were not imbricated or exhumed at this time, remaining buried beneath the Kohistan-Ladakh Island Arc until the syntaxis-forming event that occurred in the last 10 Myr. The timing of tectonic events in the north-western Himalaya differs from that experienced by the rocks of the Central Himalaya in that the earliest stage of burial in the NW Himalaya predates that of the Central Himalaya by c. 6 Myr. This difference may result from the diachronous nature of the Indo-Asian collision or may simply be a reflection of differing timing at different structural levels.
Policies | DisclaimerSkip to comments.Coming next year, nuclear-capable Agni-V with range of 5,000 km
Posted on 05/26/2010 8:07:40 PM PDT by ErnstStavroBlofeld
Indias military might is expected to take a big leap early next year when it test-fires the over 5,000-km-range nuclear-capable Agni-V missile.
Agni-V is the countrys most ambitious strategic missile project, and a successful culmination of the test stage will propel the country into an elite club of ICBM-capable nations.
``Work is progressing satisfactorily on the development of Agni-V, which is expected to become a reality next year. With this, the DRDO would have given India a comprehensive indigenous strategic capability, available with only a few nations of the world, DRDO chief V K Saraswat remarked while speaking at the National Technology Day awards function here on Wednesday.
Agni-V will be the first canistered road-mobile ballistic missile with a range of over 5,000-km in the countrys military arsenal, bringing possible targets in almost the whole of China and Pakistan within striking range. The missile is likely to be tested in the first half of next year.
A successful execution of the project is certain to place India on par with some say, even ahead of China in terms of missile capability.
Missiles which are capable of being launched from canisters can be fired from multiple platforms and are easily transportable by road. As a result, Agni-V can reach every continent, with the exception of North and South America, from various places across India.
Agni-V, according to experts, is similar to the Dongfeng-31A missile that raised quite a few eye-brows during Chinas National Day Military Parade in Beijing on October 1 last. Indias current long-range missile, the Agni-III, a non-canisterised missile, can only be moved with difficulty from one place to another. The Agni-V, by contrast, is specially tailored for road-mobility, defence scientists pointed out.
(Excerpt) Read more at economictimes.indiatimes.com ...
good for them. Sovereign countries do what is in their interest and we have no right pontificating when we proliferated nuclear weapon to the middle east ourselves.
In truth, these reports are just periodic outbursts. India had a capability to detonate a nuke on any spot on the planet, and beyond, when they launched satellites off of their own launch vehicles. PSLV comes to mind, in use since the early ‘90s.
Hmmm ... covers all of Russia and China and > 90% of the planet’s Muslim population (Indonesia, Pakistan, Egypt and everything in between).
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.Who has the best penalty plus-minus on the Kings?
Next: Audio: Quick hits with Ben Scrivens
Previous: Complimentary of Scrivens, L.A. eager to face ex-teammate
That would be current fourth line center Trevor Lewis, who has drawn 18 minor penalties while being whistled for only three. I learned this in a conversation with The Royal Half blogger Pumper Nicholl yesterday, and after checking Los Angeles’ numbers at ExtraSkater.com, found several interesting numbers in the Kings’ ability to draw penalties.
The numbers:
Trevor Lewis: 18 / 3 = +15
Dustin Brown: 34 / 22 = +12
Anze Kopitar: 19 / 8 = +11
Mike Richards: 16 / 11 = +5
Linden Vey: 4 / 0 = +4
Jordan Nolan: 18 / 15 = +3
Tanner Pearson: 2 / 0 = +2
Dwight King: 9 / 8 = +1
Alec Martinez: 5 / 5 = 0
Tyler Toffoli: 5 / 5 = 0
Justin Williams: 17 / 19 = -2
Jeff Carter: 10 / 13 = -3
Slava Voynov: 9 / 18 = -9
Robyn Regehr: 8 / 17 = -9
Matt Greene: 3 / 15 = -12
Kyle Clifford: 11 / 23 = -12
Drew Doughty: 16 / 29 = -13
Jake Muzzin: 11 / 25 = -14
Jarret Stoll: 5 / 20 = -15
Willie Mitchell: 5 / 21 = -16
Notes and observations:
-Pay little attention to penalty plus/minus by defensemen due to the nature of the position.
-The Kings have been whistled for 277 minor penalties, the third highest accumulation in the league. Los Angeles’ 11.5 penalty minutes per game is the 11th-highest penalty minute average in the league.
-Trevor Lewis is an effective forechecker that doesn’t put himself in position to take many penalties.
-Jordan Nolan is a penalty magnet, for and against his team (though usually for). He is involved in an infraction for every 14:13 he is on the ice.
-A penalty is assessed against Kyle Clifford for every 23:02 he is on the ice.
-Jarret Stoll is called for a lot of penalties, though keep in mind he starts a higher percentage of faceoffs in the defensive zone than any other Kings forward.
-On the other hand, Anze Kopitar’s defensive zone starting rate is the second highest amongst Kings forwards, and he has a penalty plus/minus of plus-11 and an actual plus-minus of plus-25. He’s a good player, that Kop.Wooden Spoon Aficionada - Arrabiata Sauce
Today I wrote a four page handwritten letter to a perfect stranger. The object of this exercise was to write a letter telling them about one of my favorite things. It was to “be specifically a thing – not a person, pet or anything living and breathing”. I found this theme to be intriguing. I proceeded to write my hand scribed letter and found myself challenged as to write about ONLY “one” particular favorite thing. I managed to complete my letter with what I felt had a sense of appeal and interest. Hopefully, my “pen pal” will appreciate what I shared and write me back.
One of my favorite things I did not disclose in my letter is my affinity for wooden spoons. I’ve collected wooden spoons for many years. Starting from my mom’s kitchen, I have the wooden spoon that we used when I first learned to make a pot of rice. I have the wooden spoon that was handed to me by my college roommate’s grandmother when she taught me the true “marinara” sauce from her beloved Italia.
During the years of collecting, I have accumulated more spoons than any one person can use in a lifetime, if only used once. I have them in different sizes, shapes, and colors. I have them in different types of simple to exotic woods, such as, juniper, olive, walnut, cherry and various other fruitwoods. In my travels, I make it an obligation to add to my growing collection. I hand carried a long handled spoon from my trip to Spain, used only to make the Paella Valenciana specialty dish. Family and Friends bring back wooden spoons from countries they’ve visited and gifted them to me. A neighbor brought me back a "tasting" spoon from Bulgaria. I spot them at thrift shops, tag sales and flea markets. I do not discriminate against well-used, stained or distorted wooden spoons. I’m not limited to just spoons. I also have wooden spatulas, ladles, spreaders, tongs, mortars, pestles, bowls and platters. These exquisite wooden specimens are my favorite treasures. They are my allies in the kitchen.
They feel at home in my hands. They are soft, warm and inviting. They embrace the liquid broths, creamy sauces, and thick syrups. They meld together grains of Arborio for risotto, crush plum San Marzanos for marinara and gently bring together the softest scrambled eggs. My wooden spoons can caress the ever-sensitive non-stick pans and aggressively mix up bulky bread dough. They can take on the challenge of thick polenta and requisite of delicate soufflés. They can dissuade a hand from picking at the pot or entice a taste of a savory morsel.
Arrabiata Sauce (Ah-rah-bee-AH-ta)
Makes 6 servings
Ingredients:
1 teaspoon olive oil
1 cup chopped onion
4 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup red wine
2 tablespoons brown sugar
2 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1 tablespoon lemon juice
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 (14.5 ounce) cans whole tomatoes, crushed
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
Method:
Heat oil in a large skillet or saucepan over medium heat. Saute onion and garlic in oil for 5 minutes.
Stir in wine, sugar, chopped fresh basil, crushed red pepper flakes, tomato paste, lemon juice, Italian seasoning, black pepper and crushed tomatoes; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, and simmer uncovered about 20 minutes.
Ladle over the hot cooked pasta of your choice. Sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley. Serve hot.
NOTE: Our choice is usually "Penne" pasta. This is a simple marinara sauce. It's the addition of the crushed red pepper flakes that makes it "Arrabiata" meaning "angry" in Italian.
My most favorite wooden spoons of all are the ones hand-made by my darling hubby, Ander. He is a talented artist and can always turn a plain old chunk of wood into an exquisite piece of “objet d’art”.
Life is a banquet, my friends.
4 Comments:
Wow, Anni! That's a lot of wooden spoons!
I think it's wonderful that you have so many wonderful memories associated with some of those spoons. And you're right, they do become like an extension of you, each fitting your hand in their own special way!
Ciao, Ivonne!
What you see is only what's out. I have loads in boxes, crates and bins out in the garage!
Need a wooden spoon?
Have an enjoyable week!
Tootles,
Anni :-)
Someone suggested to me that I should throw away my wooden spoons because they are prone to carry bacteria. Shudder the thought!
I too have spoons for special uses, my gumbo spoon, my roux scraper...
Hi, Sandi!
Thanks for visiting and leaving word! I look forward to reading more of your posts!
As for clean up on these treasures, I use a standard sanitation process used in the food industry. I scrub the surface with steel wool and hot soapy water. Then do a diluted chlorine rinse, followed by a citrus rinse (citric acid .005ppm). It's worth it to keep them for sentimental reasons.
Tootles,
Anni :-)
Links to this post:
Create a LinkPamela's Products, Gourmet All Natural Cookies, Chunky Chocolate Chip, 7.25 oz (206: $18.77
Combo Discount: -$3.00
Together: $15.77.
iHerb Customer Reviews
tastes good!! not too soft,not too sweet, it't just about right. I purchased other cookies from Pamela's and of course all of them are gluten free products.
.
Add A Review: Guess Hoe's Coming to Dinner
- The Boondocks Cartoon Episode Guide
- Sony Pictures Television, Rebel Base, Adelaide Productions Inc.
- Distributed by: Sony Pictures Television, Adult Swim, Cartoon Network
- Cartoon Characters: Huey Freeman, Riley Freeman, Robert "Granddad" Freeman, Uncle Ruckus, Tantruming Kid's Mother, Checkout Girl, Cristal, A Pimp Named Slickback, Tantruming Kid.
- Originally Released in 2005.
- Season: 1
- Color
- Running Time: 30 minutes.
U.S.A.
About Your Review
Thank you for choosing to your thoughts about Guess Hoe's Coming toMISSISSAUGA, ON, Sept. 28, 2012 /CNW/ - Subaru Canada, Inc. (SCI) is pleased to announce the release of the 2013 Subaru Tribeca. The 2013. 2013 2013. CONTACT: Joe Felstein or Julie Lychak (905) 568-4959 Amyot Bachand Media Relations, Quebec Region (514) 691-9276 Image with caption: : SOURCE: Subaru Canada Inc. To view this news release in HTML formatting, please use the following URL: CO: CNW Enriched News Releases ST: Ontario NI: AUT NP -0- Sep/28/2012 20:37 GMT
2013 Subaru Tribeca: Stylish, Powerful, Versatile
Save
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.Diego Maradona has warned that his Argentina side will not fear any opponent at the FIFA World Cup™ in South Africa after they began their quest for a third global title with a victory.
The South Americans were 1-0 winners over Nigeria at Ellis Park on Saturday and the success could have been by a greater margin but for some superb saves from Super Eagles goalkeeper Vincent Enyeama, who lived up to his nickname of 'The Cat' and was hailed as a "phenomenon" by Lionel Messi.
The Barcelona star was denied time and time again by Enyeama, and while the lead remained just 1-0 there was always the prospect that the Africans could find a way back into the game, and they threatened more as the match wore on.
Maradona is six wins away from equalling the achievement of Franz Beckenbauer in winning the FIFA World Cup as a player and coach, but the comparison to the German at this early stage of the competition seemed to amuse and bewilder him.
"Well I'm not similar at all, I don't look like Beckenbauer and I never will," he said. "To say that I could equal him I would have to make a prediction. I would have to have a crystal ball and be a magician, and I'm not a magician, I'm just a coach. We have to improve a lot of things to play that seventh match but I thought our men did a great job."
On the subject of having failed to convert so many openings he said: "We have been testing and practising many types of play, all my target men have been practising and in this game we weren't that lucky, we weren't able to show on the scoreboard what we were doing on the pitch. Undoubtedly when you play in a World Cup, winning the first game keeps us cool and calm for the next match."
Undoubtedly when you play in a FIFA World Cup, winning the first game keeps us cool and calm for the next match.
Asked if he feared such missed chances could cost more dearly against stronger opposition, Maradona added: "Fear doesn't exist in football, whoever is afraid should stay at home, you should never feel afraid in football."
Nigeria goalkeeper Enyeama drew the courage and coolness required for his man-of-the-match display from his religious beliefs. The Hapoel Tel Aviv stopper said: "I want to thank God, I don't know how I got to some of the shots but it was by the grace of God, he made a difference today."
Some good old-fashioned homework on Messi's favoured striking techniques helped too, though. "I saw his games and I think I got a good bit of information on him," Enyeama added.
Messi, who gave one of his best displays to date in an Argentina shirt, told Clarin newspaper: "The goalkeeper was a phenomenon. The important thing is we created chances. We are playing well and the result was perfect for us. We are happy."
His team-mate Jonas Gutierrez told Press Association Sport: "It was a very good game, a very hard game. We didn't score the second goal which made it harder for us but I think the national team of Argentina did a good job.
"It was a little worrying that we couldn't score a second but Nigeria made it a little difficult for us. More importantly I feel that we played well. We have gained confidence from these three points, now we are focusing on the second game. Nigeria have a very good team with very good players so it wasn't a surprise to see how strong they were."
A win over South Korea on Thursday would put Maradona's men in a strong position to win the group, while Nigeria must look for maximum points against Greece later that day to keep their hopes of progress alive.Floor scrubbers are sometimes used on floors which are so badly soiled that one pass with the scrubber is not enough to get the floor clean, and several passes are needed to do a good job. In restricted areas the most convenient way to do this would often be to move the scrubber forward and backward over the soiled floor. However, this has not been feasible with a conventional scrubber because the suction squeegee which is mounted behind the scrub brush to suck up dirty water in normal forward moving operation is on the wrong side of the brush to work when the machine is moved backward. Dirty water would flow out in front of the brush housing and make a mess on the floor. In addition, the rear squeegee could be damaged by being dragged backward.
Scrubbing only in forward movement is not always the best way. In smaller establishments, for example fast food outlets and small retail shops, space is often so constricted that it is awkward to turn a scrubber around. Also, the scrubber can not scrub completely into the corners of a room, and they must be scrubbed manually or not at all. In such places it would often be more effective and convenient to move a scrubber back and forth, and not have to turn it around. This would simplify scrubbing in spaces such as narrow aisles and passageways. It would also make it possible to scrub completely into a corner and then back out while scrubbing in both directions, thus doing a better job than could be done with a scrubber that only works while moving in a forward direction.
Suction squeegees are commonly used on scrubbers to remove dirty water from the floor. They commonly are comprised of two flexible rubber strips or lips dragging on the floor, one ahead of the other, with the space between them connected by a flexible tube to a vacuumized tank which collects the dirty water. The tank is vacuumized by a suction blower driven by a motor and exhausting air to the atmosphere. Air is pulled under the front squeegee lip into the space between the lips, where it entrains dirty water and carries it up the tube into the tank. The water drops into the tank and the air is exhausted by the suction blower to atmosphere. Substantial power is required to run the blower, so much that it is a major concern in designing a scrubber. The system is designed to minimize air requirements, and certainly it would be intolerable to have more than one squeegee pulling air.
The present invention overcomes the shortcomings of previous scrubbers and makes it possible to build a scrubber that can be operated forward and backward. It does this by providing a suction squeegee behind the scrub brush and another one in front of the brush, with both squeegees being connected to a vacuumized collection tank. These are double lipped squeegees that suck up dirty water in the conventional way, but they have an additional capability not found in conventional squeegees. When the machine is moved forward the front squeegee acts like an air valve and shuts off the airflow to that squeegee, so that all the available airflow is directed to the rear squeegee, which is picking up dirty water behind the scrub brush. When the machine is moved backward the rear squeegee valves shut and shuts off airflow there, while the front squeegee returns to an open condition. The entire available airflow then moves through the front squeegee, and it operates to pick up the dirty water which is now being left in front of the brush as the machine is moved backward. This configuration of squeegees permits scrubbing while the scrubber is moving forward or backward, which is a significant improvement in the field of powered floor scrubbers.
Another object or feature is a scrubber that will squeegee up existing liquid on the surface, such as in a liquid spill or a double scrub operation, when the scrubber is traveling either forward or backward. In the present arrangement this is accomplished by allowing the liquid to pass under the leading squeegee so that the trailing squeegee may pick it up. This is accomplished by using on both squeegees a corrugated blade as the outer squeegee blade which allows liquid to pass under it in one direction but acts as a squeegee in the other.
FIG. 1 is a perspective view looking at the front of a power scrubber equipped with the present invention;
FIG. 2 is a rear view of the scrub head of the scrubber of FIG. 1, as seen from view line 2--2 in FIG. 1 on an enlarged scale, with a portion of the exterior surface broken away to show the interior of the air plenum chamber;
FIG. 3 is a cross section through the scrub head, taken along section line 3--3 in FIG. 2;
FIG. 4 is a cross section through the scrub head, taken along section line 4--4 in FIG. 2,
FIG. 5 is a view of the left end of the scrub head, taken along view line 5--5 in FIG. 2,
FIG. 6 is an enlarged cross section of a squeegee of the invention in an inoperative position,
FIG. 7 is like FIG. 6 but in an operative position,
FIG. 8 is like FIG. 6 but in a different operative position,
FIG. 9 is a partial edge view of the outer lip of FIGS. 6-8, taken from view line 9--9 in FIG. 6,
FIG. 10 is a partial plan view of the inner lip of FIGS. 6-8, taken from view line 10--10 in FIG. 6,
FIG. 11 is a view along line 11--11 of FIG. 7, and
FIG. 12 is a view along line 12--12 of FIG. 8.
FIG. 1 shows a power scrubber which is equipped with the present invention. It is shown as a relatively small scrubber, adapted for scrubbing small commercial establishments such as, for example, fast food outlets and small retail shops. It has a body 10 which is preferably made of molded plastic, but could be otherwise, such as for example, welded stainless steel. It is supported by a pair of free rolling wheels 12, and is moved by an operator who grasps handlebar 14, there being no powered propulsion drive. There is a scrub head 16 attached to the body by a mounting bracket 18. This bracket is shown in FIGS. 1, 2 and 5, but for clarity is omitted from FIGS. 3 and 4. The scrub head has a housing 20. On both ends of the housing there are skids 21 made of a low friction rigid plastic material, which slide on the floor and support the weight of the forward part of the machine. They also serve as skirts to close in the ends of the scrub head and contain water within it. Mounted within the housing there is a cylindrical scrub brush 22, shown in FIGS. 3 and 4. In use this brush is caused to rotate by an electric motor, not shown but located behind the mounting bracket 18 in FIG. 1, and a drive belt at one end of the housing. These features are entirely conventional, according to the usual practice in manufacturing power floor scrubbers, so will not be described here.
The brush drive motor and suction air blower 24 in FIG. 1 may be powered either by batteries carried on body 10 or by a power cord plugged into a wall outlet. Suitable control switches, although not shown, are located below handlebar 14, within convenient reach of an operator walking behind the machine.
Within body 10 there is also a supply tank for storing clean water or cleaning solution. Flow out of this tank is controlled by valve which can be set by the operator. From the valve two flexible tubes, one of which is shown at 26 in FIG. 1, lead down to the scrub head, where they connect to stub tubes 28. These feed into two manifolds 30, each of which has several holes 32 opening into the interior of the brush housing, so that cleaning solution can flow onto the brush and thence down to the floor.
Body 10 also houses a tank for recovering and storing dirty scrub water. Suction air blower 24 is mounted on top of and operatively connected to this tank so that it evacuates air from the tank and exhausts it to the atmosphere. The tank is connected by a flexible tube to the squeegees on the floor, and the vacuum in the tank creates a suction through the tube to the squeegees which pick up dirty water from the floor and deposits it in the recovery tank. Everything thus far described is quite conventional except for the presence of two squeegees.
There is a front squeegee 34 which has an outer lip 36 and an inner lip 38, and there is a rear squeegee 40 which has an outer lip 42 and an inner lip 44. These lips are made of a flexible rubber-like material, which may be similar to that used in other squeegees, and they extend along the length of the housing 20 and are attached to it. The inner lips 38 and 44 are attached to the housing in such a way that they extend down almost to the floor, possibly touching it at times. The outer lips 36 and 42 are wider that the inner lips, so that they extend down to the floor and their lower edges are caused to flex somewhat by the floor, as shown in FIGS. 3 and 4. The unflexed widths of these lips are shown in dotted outline in FIG. 3, but the flexed or curved profile is the normal condition when in contact with a floor. The width of these outer lips is made such that when they flex inwardly toward the inner lips, the outer lips will just touch the inner lips. If they are made wider than that the outer lip will get squeezed under the inner lip, which increases the friction of that outer lip with the floor and makes the machine harder to push. A good air seal can be obtained if the outer lips just touch the inner lips, and more width on the outer lips is not needed.
There is a plenum chamber 46 which connects the spaces between the inner and outer lips of both squeegees with a stub tube 48 to which is attached the flexible tube leading to the recovery tank in body 10. Thus the vacuum created in the recovery tank by vacuum blower 24 is conveyed to the spaces between the inner and outer lips of both the front and rear squeegees.
The rigid plastic skids 21 on the ends of the housing act to close off the ends of the squeegees against airflow so air will be pulled in under the inner lips. Other methods of closing off the squeegee ends could be used, as anyone familiar with scrubbers will recognize.
The use, operation and function of the invention are as follows. To use the scrubber, the operator will turn on the scrub brush and the suction blower and open the water supply valve as needed. He or she will then start pushing and pulling the scrubber forward and backward across the floor to be scrubbed.
When the motion is forward as indicated by arrow 50 in FIG. 3 the squeegees will assume the positions shown in FIG. 3. The outer lip 36 of the front squeegee will be bent back by its contact with the floor until it touches inner lip 38. This will shut off airflow through this squeegee. At the same time the outer lip 42 of the rear squeegee will also be bent back because of contact with the floor. This will open the space between it and inner lip 44. Air will be pulled under inner lip 44, where it will entrain dirty scrub water and carry it into the space between the lips, up through the plenum chamber 46, and out through connection 48 to the recovery tank. This flow path of air and entrained water is shown by arrows in FIGS. 2 and 3.
When the scrubber motion is backward as indicated by arrow 52 in FIG. 4, the squeegees will assume the positions shown in FIG. 4. The outer lip 42 of the rear squeegee, due to its contact with the floor, will be bent toward the inner lip 44 until they touch, which will shut off airflow through the rear squeegee. The outer lip 36 of the front squeegee will be bent away from the inner lip 38, thus opening the front squeegee for airflow. Air will enter under lip 38, entraining dirty water with it, and carrying it into the space between the lips, then up through the plenum chamber 46, and out through connection 48 to the recovery tank. This flow path is shown by arrows in FIG. 4.
Plenum chamber 46 extends above brush housing 20 in the center of the housing, but tapers down to the squeegees so that it is below the top of the housing for most of the housing length. The water manifolds 30 are also below the top of the brush housing, and the housing itself is fitted as closely as practicable around the scrub brush. Thus the scrub head has minimum height near its ends which facilitates scrubbing under overhanging toe spaces of store counters, restaurant tables and the like.
In FIGS. 6 through 12, variant forms have been shown in which the outer squeegee blade 54 has corrugations or channels 56, as in FIG. 9, on its outer surface so that when it is flexed inwardly as shown in FIGS. 7 and 11, spaced openings or passages are provided along the bottom edge, as at 58 in FIGS. 7 and 11. These allow some liquid to pass under the blade when moving in the direction of arrow 59 in FIG. 7 but the blade acts as a squeegee when moving in the other direction as shown by arrow 57 in FIG. 8. Thus the device, in addition to squeegeeing up the liquid that the machine applies, may also be used to squeegee up existing liquid on the floor as, for example, after a double scrub operation or to pick up accidentally spilled liquids. If desired, the inner squeegee blade 38, if it is long enough to contact the floor, may be provided with notches 60, such as shown in FIG. 10 to allow some water and air flow. As shown in FIGS. 7 and 8 the inner blade does not contact the floor surface. In such an arrangement the notches 60 would not be necessary, so in that sense FIG. 10 is an alternate form of what is shown in FIGS. 6 through 8.
The total effect of the invention, therefore, is to provide a functional suction squeegee behind the scrub brush in the direction of travel, whether the scrubber is moving forward or backward, and to direct the entire available airflow to that squeegee. The operation is entirely automatic, requiring no attention from the operator. Also, the valving of air from one squeegee to the other is accomplished entirely by the squeegees themselves. No additional valves or auxiliary parts are required.
The invention has been described in connection with a relatively small scrubber, but it is not limited to small scrubbers. It can as well be applied to a large industrial scrubber, as for example a machine required to scrub long aisles too narrow to turn around in, thus necessitating backing out. Also, the scrubber which has been described has a single cylindrical scrub brush. It is common practice to build scrubbers with two cylindrical brushes, or alternatively to use one or more disc type brushes. The number and type of brushes used are immaterial to the invention. The squeegee arrangement which has been described would be applicable to any scrubber, regardless of its brush configuration.
While the preferred form and several variations of the invention have been shown, described and suggested it should be understood that the invention should not be restricted thereto, but that suitable additional modifications, substitutions, alterations and variations may be used.10/06/2008
Joint Council asks you to join us in resolving an issue that will severely and negatively impact over 10,000 U.S. families hoping to adopt a child in need. This shortfall in the law, if left unchecked, will cost Potential Adoptive Parents (P.A.P.s) thousands of dollars, force them to face the complications of switching adoption agencies mid-process, and potentially end some families’ journey to adopt a child in need. A summary of the current law and its subsequent impact on families can be found on our website at Joint Council Position on I-600A Renewals.
Beginning in May 2008, Joint Council has been actively engaged with U.S. Citizenship & Immigration Services (USCIS), Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute, and Members of Congress to resolve this pending crisis. We continue to work with USCIS and most recently engaged with David Yurkovich and Dianne Pearce, organizers of the Fairness For Families petition, as well as expanded our contacts with Congressional leaders. We are confident that USCIS is actively seeking a resolution and have seen evidence that positive steps are being taken. With your support and active participation, our goals can be realized.
The 5 Ways You Can Help page details how you can help us to avoid this pending crisis. Your active participation will allow the over 10,000 families who will be negatively impacted if the law or process is not changed to continue on their journey of providing a loving family to a child in need. On behalf of the children and families we serve, Joint Council extends our sincere appreciation for joining us in our collective efforts.- Filed Under.
While she said she is no longer able to lead the recall effort, she was talking to a group hoping to recall Gov. Rick Snyder about finding other people to continue with the Bolger recall.
A Bolger spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment today.Meet and Communicate with Fun Singles Near You on JDate
Register now to search thousands of members and post your FREE profile!
See who's on JDate:
meshugana4u
I enjoy working with young children and someday wish to become a school administrator. Mentoring children through tough times in their ...
meshugana4u is a 23yr-old single man in Storrs Mansfield, ConnecticutView Profile
daniellhutch
very energetic, quite eclectic, a scholar of sorts...i am a source seeker...i'm a 2012 olympic hopeful in the triple jump.... and im an...
daniellhutch is a 30yr-old single man in Storrs Mansfield, ConnecticutView ProfileHydroelectric plant coming to Lake Red RockUPDATED 6:54 AM CDT Jun 26, 2013post a comment
Construction plans are scheduled for the new hydroelectric plant near Pella and Knoxville.
Video Transcript
- Advertising
STILL A LOT TO COME SO IT WILL BE A BUSY PERIOD." Because Hydro Electric power is coming to the dam at lake red rock. Lake Red Rock generates a lot of attention every a year. Now, as KCCI's Marcus Mcintosh shows us - starting in early 20-17 it will also be generating power. STAND UP IN MISSOURI RIVER ENERGY SERVICES SAYS IT IS FINALLY ABLE TO ALL BUT CONFIRM THAT CONSTRUCTIO N OF A HYDROELECTI RC PLANT WILL BE BUILT ON THE DAM AT RED ROCK EARLY NEXT YEAR.... ========= SOT IN 8:00:28 WE ARE AT A POINT NOW WHERE WE HAVE PRE- QUALIFIED BIDDERS TO WORK ON THE PROJECT ============= == This is an early mock-up of what the project will look like ...the project that is expected to take at least three years and cost 260-million dollars...fundin g that will come entirely from tax exempt bonds. When complete the 34 mega watt plant will provide enough energy to power 18 thousand homes.... among its group of 61 municipalities in four states including Iowa. The small project is not expected to cut energy rates. ========= nats dam ======== Missouri River energy services says Hydro electirc plants can last 80 years and do not leave a carbon footprint. ============ SOT IN 8:01:50 AS OUR INFRASTRUCT URE AGES WE NEED TO REPLACE IT PLUS MEET THE WROING DEMANDS OF THE CUSTOMER SO A PROJECT LIKE RED ROCK FITS THAT NITCH WELL. ============ But it has taken some time. A key to moving forward is the project not effecting the mission of Red Rock. ============= ==== SOT IN 1:27:34 SHERRI DUEY WE'VE BEEN WORKING ON THIS FOR A NUMBER OF YEARS WITH THE DEVELOPER SO THERE HAS BEEN A LOT OF REVIEW AND DISCUSSION ============= = A contracotr is expected to be chosen by November.. But.... ===== SOT IN 1:29:40 THERE IS STILL A LOT OF WORK AHEAD OF US SO I wouldn't SAY IT IS A SIGH OF RELIEF AT THIS POINT. ===== But if everything goes as planned construction could start early next year.After four days of contentious hearings, federal fisheries managers on Friday voted to reduce the bycatch of halibut caught by trawlers and certain other commercial fishermen in the Gulf of Alaska by 15 percent. That number is not as high as some sought, but several council members thought it was a good compromise.
It’s the first time since 1989 that the halibut bycatch has been restricted, and the billion-dollar trawling industry has for years lobbied hard against any bycatch limits.
The bycatch reduction comes off the top of the trawlers' 5 million pound cap and goes into effect in 2014. Members of the North Pacific Fishery Management Council approved it 10-1 at the close of Friday’s meeting in Kodiak.
.
The Gulf of Alaska is a nursery for Pacific halibut and ground zero for the 49th state's largest commercial and sport halibut fisheries. In recent years, the halibut population has been shrinking -- as has the average size of the flatfish landed.
Certainly, competition with other fish for food is partly to blame. Arrowtooth, a fish basically inedible for humans, is now the largest biomass in the Gulf after decades of U.S. federal government management of the fishery.
But the trawling industry, big-money players in the federal fishery, takes and kills a lot of halibut while pursuing pollock--a fish widely marketed for fish sticks and a variety of other products--cod and other fish. Trawlers use big nets that basically strip-mine the ocean and kill other fish. Trawlers are not allowed to keep the halibut bycatch for fear that, if permitted, they would target the highly valuable flatfish. So halibut are dumped back in the ocean. Many of these fish, having been caught up in the nets for hours, are dead before they’re dumped back.
The only recourse is to limit the number of halibut that trawlers can catch before they must stop fishing -- and now that limit is tighter than ever. The harvests of commercial halibut and sport fishermen have already been severely reduced over the past few years, in some cases by 50 percent.
All this has caused tensions and infighting between the trawling industry and the sports and commercial fisheries. Go into nearly any place where people in Kodiak gather, and you’ll hear heated discussions about trawlers and bycatch.
Ken Calson, a longliner who has fished Alaska waters for 29 years, is among the fisherman who calls trawlers “draggers.” More often than not, an expletive of some sort proceeds the term. He was in Kodiak this week, but didn’t dare attend the meetings.
“I’d just come unglued,” he said. He said that the reduction in bycatch is a start, but he figures it’s too late. “The halibut’s about over if they don’t stop it all together,” he said.
Others were more optimistic about the fate of the halibut fishery. “On behalf of our organization and the over 1,500.
Contact Amanda Coyne at amanda@alaskadispatch.comNola Sizemore|Daily Enterprise
Harlan’s Tractor Supply Manager Matt Estep, left, presents a check for $695 to Harlan County 4-H Extension Agent Raymond Cox. The funds were raised through their paper clover program the store conducted in recent months. Estep said it is just one way the company gives back to the community.« Peterbilt showcases Quantum Back-of-Cab CNG storage module | Main | Audi offering A3 e-tron customers in Germany green electricity in cooperation with LichtBlick »
Alcoa introduces lightest weight heavy-duty truck wheel
27 March 2014
Alcoa introduced the Ultra ONE, the lightest heavy-duty truck wheel. Unveiled at the Mid-America Trucking show, Alcoa’s new 40-pound (18 kg) wheel is 47% lighter than steel wheels of the same size. The Ultra ONE can help save up to 1,400 pounds (635 kg) per rig, enabling fleets to carry more goods while meeting stringent federal emissions regulations.
To take out five pounds out of its lightest heavy-duty truck wheel, Alcoa’s experts at the Alcoa Technical Center invented a new alloy, the patent-pending MagnaForce alloy. It is on average 17% stronger than the industry standard, Alcoa’s 6061 alloy, in similar applications.
Underscoring the importance of lightweighting to the industry, one of America’s largest flatbed carriers, TMC Transportation, is converting its fleet to the Ultra ONE starting in 2014.
Fleets have increasingly converted to aluminum wheels that offset the weight of necessary pollution-control equipment used to meet federal emissions regulations. Lighter wheels also improve fuel economy.
Alcoa’s wheels business has been launching a progression of innovations since inventing the forged aluminum wheel in 1948. Alcoa’s wheels business has grown at a 22% compounded annual growth rate from 2009 to 2013—with 67% of sales driven by proprietary technologies—making it one of Alcoa’s fastest growing businesses. The company is expanding its wheels presence in Europe and into China and Brazil to capture growing global demand for its wheels.
The Ultra ONE Wheel with MagnaForce™ alloy is available in the industry standard 22.5” x 8.25” size for heavy-duty, commercial transportation, and is being readied in all OEM customer data books.
March 27, 2014 in Brief | Permalink | Comments (0) | TrackBack (0)
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry:
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Alcoa introduces lightest weight heavy-duty truck. in superb comfort, discount on hotel dining restaurants, and more! Rates from RMB 2,350+15%. Beijing Wangfujing hotel, awarded ‘World's Leading Lifestyle Hotel’ at the World Travel Awards. Set in Wangfujing, Beijing’s shopping district, the hotel is surrounded by shops, restaurants and corporate offices. The city.
Beijing is the political, economic and cultural capital of China. The Hilton Beijing Wangfujing hotel is on Wangfujing Street, one of Beijing's most famous shopping streets. Stroll along the colorful street and pick up a bargain or dine on traditional Chinese cuisine. Explore the Forbidden City, also known as the Palace Museum, home to Chinese emperors from 1420 to 1911. Marvel at the Chinese architecture and admire the palaces, courtyards and gardens of this ancient part of Beijing. Spend a leisurely afternoon in Tiananmen Square, just steps from the hotel. Visit Beijing’s imperial temples such as the Temple of Heaven. Relax in Jingshan Park and soak up views of the Forbidden City. Treat the family to a fun day out at the Blue Zoo. While in Beijing, enjoy a memorable visit to the famous Great Wall of China.
This content will open in a overlay
Extend your trip when you transit through Beijing with the newly approved 72-hour visa-free transit policy, only applicable to certain countries.(Staff photo by Mike Yoder)
These Lawrence High School sophomores bake in Monday's sun as they sit outside Laundromat No. 777, 1827 La., and draw the high school building for a drawing class. The students are, from left, Tim Hettinger, Nathan Anthony and Jason Robb.
Copyright 2015 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published.
Commenting has been disabled for this item.Well I just went there today, and not able to read polish I asked for a English Menu. I found the service was a bit slow, they just didn't seem to care about me. Well I ordered Churrasco Steak, and "Steak" is beef, not "Pork" what it came with. I asked them saying I don't eat Pork and if they would change it for me, well they said unfortunately they cannot change it. I was upset, and I think putting the word Steak is misleading, I've had problems before in restaurants, and always the server did something about it. Well I have no intentions of coming back, and will tell others not to go as well.It is with great confidence that we inform you that you won't find a nicer MGB than this for such an affordable price. These... More
Excellent daily driver. South Carolina car, never rusty. Engine rebuilt, including crankshaft and flywheel reground and balanced, and rods and pistons balanced. Brakes and... More
MGB 1968 Hurrican Racing Engine 135 HP 6000 RPM This is a fully restored 1968 MGB with original MGB engine tuned by Huricane Racing. 135...
Metallic Silver with black Interior Excellent ground -up restoration Very nice solid body, excellent paint, attractive color scheme. Detailed and correct engine compartment. New chrome, dashboard,... More
MGC/GT 1968, extremely rare, auto, low miles (34K) and high integrity, maintained/driven, deep exhaust, tight suspension, strong motor, smooth trans, some weak spots in...Home Go to Arts & Art Therapy
The Magic of Scribbling
by Jay Worling
Editor´s Note from Karen Adler: Jay Worling attended a workshop I facilitated at the local Art Gallery on Art Therapy and Depression/Anxiety. She writes about her experience of Scribble Drawing and what they enabled he to see about herself.
I have been drawing and painting my whole life - well, as long as I have been able to hold a pencil. In fact, I’ve been drawing since before I could get the letters of the alphabet in the right order.
Most of the time I’ve been drawing I’ve aimed to produce work that is meaningful, has soul and a story – work that makes sense to other people. I’ve aimed to make work that people will buy - sales are validating. When people buy your art it means that on some level your work is ok, maybe even good. At the very least, it means that one other person likes it apart from you.
Half the time I didn't even like my my own work, I would look at it and it would be meaningless to me, it held no value. I would look at my own art and struggle to see what it was trying to say. I remember when I was studying, being so frustrated and angry at the lack of story that I hacked out a black and white charcoal drawing that said “I have nothing to say”. My tutor said it was good and by making that statement I certainly did have something to say, except that for me I really didn't have anything to say which was not only an indictment on my art but also my life.
It wasn't always like that. When I was a child I didn't colour inside the lines, I couldn't draw a straight line, didn’t give a damn about shading, perspective, colour mixing and every other technical aspect – I could only scribble. Freedom of colour, line and mark making, the pure unbridled joy of making a bloody great mess.
Where does the freedom and joy go? We grow up, our expectations of ourselves grow as do others’ expectations of us. This is true in art as it is in life. As people, we are expected to make good grades through school, get good jobs and become contributing citizens who fit the mold. As we grow in our artistic and creative endeavours we’re expected to create things that are understandable by other people and if they aren't then they’re written off or a meaning is assigned to them - “I think what the artist is trying to say here is ...”. The other line that I’ve heard so many times is “It’s great but what is it?”.
Eventually I stopped creating as it had very little value for me and I joined what I perceived to be the societal norm, got a job - or rather a series of jobs - that were even more meaningless than my art work. Jobs that were presided over by employers who often times were governed by a set of rules that in no way matched my own, who expected everything and gave little in return. This is not a great place to be for a person who has had several serious bouts of depression and anxiety over the years. Sure I was earning money and paying my taxes and all the things that were expected of me but at the end of the day I had nothing left for myself - seriously stressed and depressed after years of poor employers, lack of self care and various other nasty little life issues. With my self esteem and confidence in tatters, I quit my last job, and started looking for another.
While I was looking for the next big thing I decided I'd kill some time by starting to create again - but still trying to create things that were “perfect”. Leaving me feeling no better about myself, everything seemed very dark and I personally felt locked up and worthless with nothing to offer.
Enter scribble drawings ... I attended a workshop held by Karen Adler at the Maitland Art Gallery on the subject of Art Therapy and Depression/Anxiety. I don’t really know what I expected to gain by attending but I thought it might be a good learning experience. About an hour into the workshop, Karen introduced scribble drawings and WOW it felt like coming home.
All it is, is relax for a couple of minutes and then pick up your drawing tool with your non-dominant hand and draw for a a minute or two without conscious intent. Then have a look at what you’ve drawn from all angles until something jumps out at you - maybe a face or an animal - add colour to the areas that appeal and when you're done, look at it and see what you see – what does it mean to you?
What seemed random and pointless (a bit like depression itself) turned out to be something beautiful and magical. After looking at it initially I saw a snake, then after another look I saw a small bird and then after looking at it later again I saw at the heart of the scribble a great big wombat, which I have adopted as my totem animal. For me they represent quiet strength, speed when required, self-reliance and not letting anything get in their way. They are short, roundy creatures whose shape belies their strength and speed (a lot like me!). They go quietly about their business until frightened or angered, then they become fierce bulldozers (also very like me).
So what does this mean to me? At the heart of my life is a strong, solid, mostly quiet, determined creature who is larger than the snake, which represents my dark side and the bird which represents my need to take flight when things are tough. A creature that shouldn’t be messed with but is pretty darn loveable. That was powerful for me, it showed me that it is ok to be true to myself and what I believe in.
Further experiments into scribble drawing have shown me that I am not filled with darkness, horror and fear as I often feel, that the worthlessness and lack of value I have attached to myself are in fact not the truth as depression would have me believe. It has shown me that I am bright, vibrant, creative,that I know how to care for myself, I am filled with possibilities and ultimately loving and loved.
Our teachers, mentors, parents, friends and associates would have us believe that scribbling is for children and holds no value. I beg to differ, how could something so simple that teaches us so much not be.Ladies love shoes and ladies love to brunch. Thus, it makes for quite an excellent event when you combine an empowering brunch with a give back to the community shoe drive. The Ladies Who Brunch Atlanta is a global and unique event created by Dayira Jones and Bianca Rush. These ladies recognized that shoes and brunch get more interesting and provide more educational opportunities when you include local Atlanta celebrities, makeup artist, super models, business owners, leading bloggers, and Atlanta's A-list fashionable crowd.
Star Studded- The star studded Ladies Who Brunch Atlanta "Royal Tea Affair" Summer panel will include a lineup of women who have not only achieved vast notoriety but have amassed true success in the world of business. The femme fatale panel includes Emily B. (celebrity stylist and shoe designer, Latasha Wright (celebrity makeup artist and cosmetic line creator), Kandi Burruss (Grammy Award Winning Artist and serial entrepreneur), Cynthia Bailey (Bailey Agency and supermodel), Necole Bitchie (entertainment blogger) and will be hosted & moderated by Ladies Who Brunch Atlanta Creators and Founders - Dayria Jones and Bianca Rush.
Perfect Platform - This brunch and shoe drive allows the perfect platform for women to network and become more educated in regards to the entrepreneurial opportunities that exist today for women. The ladies who host the brunch will share some knowledge during the event.
40 Girls and Some Shoes- Ladies in attendance will also be able to drop off shoes for the shoe drive. The shoe drive is sponsored by 40 Girls and Some Shoes. This high-stepping charitable organization will collect new or gently worn shoe donations on-site at the brunch. They are an organization that continually works in the community to help those in need. It is quite fitting they have combined with a signature event that centers on women’s empowerment.
Royal Tea Affair- Join the Summer installment of the Ladies Who Brunch Atlanta "Royal Tea Affair" on Sunday, July 27, 2014, from 1:00pm - 5:00pm at the Biltmore. For more information and to purchase advance tickets visit.
Social Media- To join the social conversation the Twitter/ IG handle is @lwbATL and hashtag is #LadiesWhoBrunchATL.
Get Your Tickets- Ladies Who Brunch “Royal Tea” networking panel will Sunday, July 27th, 1:00pm-4:00pm at the Biltmore. Tickets are available at.
Join the conversation - Join the conversation on Twitter & Instagram: @lwbATL and #LadiesWhoBrunchATL 40 Girls and Some Shoes will also be collecting new or gently worn shoe donations on-site at the brunch. For more information on 40 Girls and Some Shoes, visit"Tum Bin" fame actor Priyanshu Chatterjee, recently seen in "Samrat &."
He seems like such a nice person. Liked him a lot in Tum Bin. Wish him all the best for future!
I can't describe how much I love you Priyanshu Chatterjee. You won my heart in Tum Bin
, I have been stalking you since a long time now. You left the industry so soon after Julie. I know what the Julie production did was extremely wrong but you have to come back as the hero for your fans. Lots and lots of love xxx
Edited on:01 May 2014 at 7:29am
Tum Bin is my one of my all time fav movie...All the best to Priyanshu Chtatterjee
LOVE U PRIYANSHU CHAATERJEE :D
I hope to see him in a tv show playing the male lead. Nowadays many Bollywood actors come to the tv industry! Honestly said Bollywood wants now stars with a filmy background or u must have a BIG luck to be successful. Its better for him to make his way for tv shows! Here he will get much more love and appreciations from house to house! I wish him all the best for his future.
Luck plays a big role in everyone's life! So does Destiny! He is a decent actor with Good Looks but as he is no longer young enough for the fresh hero role..he may have to work harder! But I agree why not try television?
Edited on:09 May 2015 at 12:53pm
Tum Bin is a wonderful movie, which I can watch a hundred times... All the best to Priyanshu Chtatterjee for his ventures...
"tum Bin" is my all time favorite love story
i dont even know how many times i have watched that movie.
But it was ur acting and charm that totally made me fall in love with it
i would also like to see u do a Film like tum bin which shows ur true potential
love u Priyanshu!!!!!!!
Ur Tum Bin was the best n my all time favourite movie! !!!!!!
You r so talented actor!!!!!!!
all d best!!!!!
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan, whose film "Sooryavansham" has completed 16 ...
1
The trailer of National Award-winning filmmaker Vinod Kapri's upcoming ...
Views : 3183
Views : 2581
Posted on: 22 June 2014 at 11:55pmindigodevi
All the best Priaynshu Chatterjee for your new ventures..
Report AbusePaula's Italian Pasta Salad
- Paula Deen
CATEGORIES:View All
Cooking Tips
More Recipes and Ideas
Spicy Sausage Bolognese with Pappardelle
Recipe courtesy of Rachael Ray
Pasta Salad with Poached Shrimp and Lemon-Dill Dressing
Recipe courtesy of Food Network Kitchen
Pasta Salad with Lemon-Pesto Dressing
Recipe courtesy of Rachael Ray
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
1412 N Bennett St, Tacoma, WA 98406
OFF MARKET
- Beds: 3
- Baths: 2 Full
- Single Family Residence
- 2,112 sq ft
Listing Details
- Assessed Taxable Amount
- $227,700
- Tax Amount
- $3,422
- Last Transaction Date
- 10/25/2013
- Last Transaction Purchase Price
- $275,000
- Property Type
- Single Family Residence
- Bedrooms
- 3
- Bathrooms
- 1
- Floors
- 1
- Home Size (Sqft)
- 2,112
- Lot Size (Sqft)
- 8,455
- Lot Size (Acres)
- 0.19
- Year Built
- 1962
- Units
- 1
- Fireplace
- Pre Fab
-.Analysis: Nine Seven Six Evil
Inexact title. See the list below. We don't have an article named Analysis/NineSevenSixEvil, exactly. We do have:
If you meant one of those, just click and go. If you want to start a Analysis/NineSevenSixEvil page, just click the edit button above. Be careful, though, the only things that go in the Main namespace are tropes. Don't put in redirects for shows, books, etc.. Use the right namespace for those.Who's Going
San Francisco, California
London, United Kingdom
Florence, Italy
Event Details
This event will benefit individuals in leadership roles at any stage and in any organization. The event accelerates leadership development and helps individuals to uncover their own possibilities. Hear about the most innovative and latest approaches to building a successful team, Grow Your Business, Learn Leadership.
Achieve greater collaboration with other entrepreneurs and learn how you can leverage your core business operations.
Join us on this special topic:
Team Building By Hiring The Best & Avoiding The Rest (PRE-EMPLOYMENT TESTING EXPERT)
*Business Lunch is Included.
(With extended collaboration time until approx. 2 pm for those who wish to stay)
Contact: Tyler Koeller Email: tyler.koeller@geproject.org Ph: (561) 310-8301, for more information
Contact: Zulma Alcaraz Email: zulma.alcaraz@geproject.org Ph: (331) 588-1314, for more information
When & Where
Willis Tower
233 South Wacker Dr, 66th Fl
Chicago,
IL
Thursday, April 10, 2014 from 11:00 AM to 1:00 PM (PDT)
Add to my calendar
Organizer
Global Entrepreneurship Project Inc.
Global Entrepreneurship Project Inc. is a non-profit organization that empowers entrepreneurs with the resources and the connections that fosters success in surrounding communities. GEP aims to cultivate entrepreneurship in local and global communities through educational and training initiatives; mentoring, access to new markets, providing funding through matchmaking with investors and supporting the education of talented children who otherwise lack the resources to succeed.
Global Entrepreneurship Project Inc. aims to impact 1 million people by 2020 through innovative skills, training, mentoring, employment and income generation.
GEP cultivates entrepreneurship via The Core Four:
- Training
- Mentoring
- New Market Access
- Investor/Entrepreneur Matchmaking
Share Learn Leadership, Grow Your BusinessShare TweetDavid L. Ryan/Globe Staff
The park rangers who provide security at the Massachusetts State House were called out for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge by state Senator Linda Dorcena Forry (upper right). Front row from left: Lieutenant Sean Flood, Ranger Deb McNamara, Ranger Ted Fusco and Captain Stephen Owens. In the background are Ranger Sean Malley, Ranger Hank Olbash, Ranger Rob Devereaux, and Senator Forry.
John Tlumacki/Globe Staff
The Boston Fire Museum along with the Boston Sparks were at Truck Day at the Rose Kennedy Greenway on Aug. 5, where several vintage firetrucks from the museum were featured. Sparky gets an audience of children as he jumps for a treat. He is the Fire Museum’s resident dalmation. Dalmations were used in the days when horses pulled steam pumps to fires, keeping them running fast by nipping at them.
Jim Davis
Market Basket workers continued their protests and picket lines on Aug.4 in front of the company's Wholesale Distribution Center.
Zack Wittman/ for The Boston Globe
A woman took photos of a parade during the 400th anniversary of Monhegan Island in Maine Aug. 6.
Barry Chin/Globe Staff
Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh proclaimed Aug. 6 Godsmack Day in a ceremony at Newbury Comics at Faneuil Hall. Pictured from left are band members Sully Erna, Robbie Merrill, and Tony Rombola.
Suzanne Kreiter/Globe staff
Lifeguard Tim Hatton entertained the kids with funny dives at the Harry Gath Memorial Pool in Newton.
Zack Wittman - For The Boston Globe
Katy Perry performed at the TD Garden on Aug. 1.
Lane Turner/Globe Staff
Camila Carrascoza, 3, the co-queen of the Miss New Bedford Latina pageant, walks on Tremont Street at the annual Puerto Rican Parade and Festival on Aug. 3.
Zack Wittman/ for The Boston Globe
Gabe Logounov, 18, of Somerville, hangs up a display of T-shirts featuring new Red Sox outfielder Yoenis Cespedes at the Yawkey Way Souvenir Store across from Fenway Park on Aug. 1.
Pat Greenhouse/Globe Staff
Joyce Humphrey of Dover, N.H., reached for a tossed giraffe as Market Basket employees, customers, and supporters rallied in Tewksbury on Aug. 5.
Jim Davis/Globe Staff
A Market Basket employee screams at a woman as she leaves a job fair for potential hires at a Market Basket distribution center in Andover. Current and former employees were outside, marching, chanting, and jeering at their potential replacements.
Suzanne Kreiter/Globe staff
Mary Franklin, whose husband, Melvin, was murdered in 1996, walks out of City Hall. Women Survivors of Homicide Movement came to City Hall to try to speak to Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. His staff invited them into a conference room where they gave a statement without the mayor present.
Barry Chin/Globe Staff
Sidney Liang, of Lowell, whose father and brother were killed by the Khmer Rouge, has been following the trial of Khmer Rouge lieutenants who were convicted Thursday for their crimes. Liang is pictured near a Buddhist shrine in his Lowell home. "Sometimes I come here just to remember. This trial has brought back many memories, some about strengths of survival. What you need to do to survive." Liang, age 45, left Cambodia at age 8 in 1979.
John Tlumacki/Globe Staff
The Boston College football team held their practice and media day at the practice field on campus on Aug. 7. Head coach Steve Addazio yells out after just being dumped with the water bucket during the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge which is done to bring awareness to ALS disease.
Wake up with today's top stories.Want each day's news headlines delivered fresh to your
inbox every morning? Just connect with us
in one of the following ways:
subscriber log inTweak-7
Quick Specs
- Version:1.0 build 1155
- Total Downloads:10,101
- Date Added:Dec. 06, 2012
- Price:Free to try; $35.90 to buy
- File Size:25.95MB
- Downloads Last Week:8
- Platform:Windows
From Totalidea Software: Tweak-7 was designed exclusively for Windows 7 and includes everything you need to get all out of the latest Operating System..Backup your Outlook 2003 / 2007 files.Change letter case in your documents.
- Improve performance and customize settings of your Windows V...Fix, speed up, maintain, and protect your PC.
- Mount local DD and ISO images in Windows with a drive letter...Activate useful extras in your Windows 7 system.Copy folder contents with ease.Clean registry junks, repair Windows errors, and keep your P...There's no debate when it comes to how corny the Snuggie is, let alone the Snuggie Suit. Well it seems as though The Napsack by POLER is the cool guy's alternative. The Napsack is basically a hooded sleeping bag that you can wear either in the great outdoors or even in the comfort of your home. All you have to do is unzip the Napsack at the bottom and shoulders to make it a longer jacket. Suitable for multiple occasions and guaranteed to keep you warm, you can buy one in orange or black for $130 at POLER. [FreshNGood]
Watch Now1:12 Dollhouse Housework Wooden Extrance Door 4 Panel For Sale
DOLLHOUSEEXTRANCE!
This item has been shown 0 times.
1:12 Dollhouse Housework Wooden Extrance Door 4 Panel:
$7
1:12 Hand Painted Dollhouse Cream Bedroon Bed Night Stand
1/12 Dollhouse Silver Kitchenware Spoon Set + Clear Fluted Edged Spices Bowl
1/12 Scale Dollhouse Miniatures Red Bike Toy Bicycle/ Dollhouse Accessory
Arts And Crafts Table For Lamp Bespaq Rare Furniture Wood Dollhouse Miniatures
1/12 Scale Dollhouse Miniatures Coffee Grinder/ Dollhouse Accessory
Plastic Chair Furniture Barbie Blythe Clear Transparent Dollhouse Miniature 1:6
Miniature Fairy With Song Bird On Nest For Fairy Gardens Or Doll Houses
New Dollhouse White Washing Machine
New Dollhouse Miniature Tin Garbage Can With Plastic Liner
New Dollhouse Miniature Non-lighted Television
Peter Morville takes us on a journey, Prezi-style, through that mysterious thing known as IA.
Collecting UX goodness from around the web so you don’t have to.
Peter Morville takes us on a journey, Prezi-style, through that mysterious thing known as IA.
Susan Weinschenk wrote an article for UX Magazine where she share how a pyschologist looks at the world around her and how this relates to[...]
What are the four elements that make a good user experience into something great?
For all its faults, this is an attempt to collect my thoughts on social interaction design into a single piece.
A lovely concept video for a mobile device that “is more integrated and more sensitive to the human experience.”
A beautifully executed senior degree project by a student at Kansas City Art Institute.
In his most recent article Dan Lockton explores a way to capture how and why users behave the way they do and capture this into "something[...]
It was inevitable, I suppose…
While UX designers are taught to fail fast, Scott Berkun talks about the things that they keep failing on, and advice to break the cycle.
There was magic in the air on the final day of Interactions 12. No, not just because of the promise of a party at the Guinness Storehouse:[...]December 27, 2013
Bryan Holt
InsidetheGators.com
Aside from Duke's Dec. 31 meeting with Texas A&M, there will be little concrete proof of what new offensive coordinator Kurt Roper can and can't be at Florida until the Gators hit the field for the 2014 season. That's why Inside the Gators is taking an extensive look at Roper by talking to those who know him best in the days following his hiring at UF. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inOfficial Press Release
February 25, 2008- New graphic novel publisher Dimensional Manga is proud to announce their first release Demon Prince: Children of Gaia, Volume One, is available nationwide this week. Dimensional Manga will release the entire series in 14 volumes with 1-5 released this year.
Challenging the average comic fan with its never-before-seen concepts and content, Dimensional Manga's stunning graphics and philosophical 'real life' stories bring new ideas to readers unlike any other manga book on the market. Determined to provide fans with a top quality experience, Demon Prince: Children of Gaia introduces entirely new fighting styles and scenes with excellent character designs. Packed with action, adventure, fantasy and humor, this shonen manga series will attract Dragonball and Naruto fans the world over.
Looking deeply at the way we explore our own reality, Demon Prince: Children of Gaia tells the story of The Secret Arts and its two masters Wasabi and Ren. Raised by their fathers to learn and live the ways of Kuro-Seishin (lightening and wind) and Aka- Seishin (fire and earth), they pass on their skills and knowledge to their young students. Through a tragic encounter with the Demon Lord Garuda, Wasabi and Ren gain secrets that the world has yet to know. As the aging masters lose their physical capacity, they realize something deeply disturbing that determines the fate of their students.
Discover the world of Dimensional Manga, where each book teaches you ways to master your own mind and consciousness!
Sold to retailers by Diamond Comic Distributors, Demon Prince: Children of Gaia
is also available at.
Demon of Prince: Children of Gaia Volume 1
ISBN: 978-0-9556274-0-8
Diamond #:DEC073600
SRP: $11.99
Orders Taken Now
Demon of Prince: Children of Gaia Volume 2
ISBN: 978-0-9556274-1-5
Diamond #:FEB083713
SRP: $11.99
Street Date: April 10, 2008
Pre-Book Date: March 3, 2008
Take a look at Demon Prince: Children of Gaia preview illustrations atRating:
Serves:
8
Prep Time:
Cook Time:
Found this recipe and gave it a try. Its so easy and a pretty pie crust. I made an apple pie, but you can do pumpkin or sweet potato pie with this crust.
Ingredients
1 pkg
pillsbury rolled pie crust (2 in package)
1/3 stick
butter, melted
cinnamon, ground
Directions..- Can.
The power outages may be localised meaning staff can work from other sites, therefore:
- Have we alternative sites and are staff able to work remotely?
- Can we switch sites/are staff happy to move?
- Do we have a home working policy?
There are no hard and fast answers to this and you will no doubt be mindful that the only way to respond is to be aware, plan and test. I think this may well be the biggest issue facing practitioners over the next 18 months, being prepared for power loss on a grand scale is no mean feat, but with careful consideration of this issue in your plans between now and whenever will no doubt assist in your response.
Steve deBruin is the Business Continuity Lead at North Somerset Council, UK.).Related posts:
“Preschool education program in India was initiated by two individuals called ‘Tarabai Modak‘ and ‘Gijubhai Badheka‘ passionate about early childhood education and preschool concept in India has now lots of preschool and kindergarten institutes around India focusing on childcare concept..”
Basics of Preschool Program
Movement in India by ‘Tarabai Modak’
Smt. Tarabai Modak made outstanding contribution to the emergence of preschool in India. The preschool education started by Smt. Tarabai Modak came to be known as Balwadis, Smt. Tarabai Modak, rightly called as the ‘Montemon’s Mother has made a significant contribution to pre-school education in India. She was of the view that in urban areas pre-schoool should preferably be located in slum areas. In the rural areas the first choice must be given to children to be cared, the childcare committee is of the opinion that normal unit of a pre-school should be of 25-40 children.
In organizing balwadi, three items need special attention:
Contribution to Preschool in India by ‘Gijubhai Badheka’
He was born on 15th November 1855, in a village in Gujarat (India). He developed his own system of educating children. He was a lawyer by profession. He was disgusted to see he children treated badly by their parents and teachers. So he left his practice and became a teacher. He recorded his experiments in one of his books “DIVA SWAPN” which means “Enlightenment towards knowledge” written in native tongue Gujarati. Gijubhai Badeka did not get recognition during his lifetime.
He believed in children’s right to freedom. He discarded physical punishment and believed that learning is possible only in the environment of love and sympathy. He wrote over 100 books for children and many more for teachers and guardians. Hence, he was reffered to as “Mustachioed mother of ECCE”.
Tarabhai Modak being inspired by Gijubhai work joined him in 1923 at Bhavnagar. They worked together from 1923 to 1932 to lay the foundations of pre-primary education in India. They introduced numerous low cost educational aids and apparatus. They wrote and published stories, rhymes and certain songs, which children could dramatize. They started Shikshan Patrika to create awareness among parents, society and others. In 1926, they formed Nutan Blashikshan Sangh, which became the fountainhead for ideas in promoting ECCE and started Balwadis. They campaigned for children’s education throughout, India specially Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra,Saurashtra and Madhya Pradesh. He died in 1939.
Latest Preschool Trends in India
Many reputed institutes, NGO’s and companies are towards early childhood education program. Some known brands for kindergarten and ECCE are Tree House, EuroKids etc specialized in pre-primary and nursery courses. We will update more on same soon.Stronger-than-expected tax collections have left the state with an extra $300 million that could even grow before the fiscal period closes June 30. That is allowing the state to fully replenish its reserves and pay down money it still owes local school districts.
Read more.
Only about one in four students in many of the public schools’ top tech programs is a girl, a statistic that mirrors women’s participation in tech jobs nationwide..
The legislation encourages school districts to adopt new career ladders and evaluations for teachers by giving districts that chose to do so roughly $300 more per student to help pay for the costs of implementing the new programs.Hi, my name is XXXXX XXXXX I will be assisting you.
1. In what State were you committed ?
2. How long was your commitment ?
California, 72 hours
Thank you for your reply,
Nevada Revised Statutes §202.360(2)(a) governs your situation, but you will have to review the commitment documents to determine if you fall within that category. Please review your documents carefully because violation of that subsection is punishable as a Class D Felony and carries a jail term of a minimum of one year and a maximum of 4 years and a fine of up to $5,000
NRS 202.360 Ownership or possession of firearm by certain persons prohibited; penalties.
1..
[2:47:1925; A 1955, 185] + [3:47:1925; NCL § 2304]-(NRS A 1959, 548; 1967, 487; 1979, 1435; 1983, 926; 1985, 453, 594;
NRS §193.130 Categories and punishment of felonies.
1. Except when a person is convicted of a category A felony, and except as otherwise provided by specific statute, a person convicted of a felony shall be sentenced to a minimum term and a maximum term of imprisonment which must be within the limits prescribed by the applicable statute, unless the statute in force at the time of commission of the felony prescribed a different penalty. The minimum term of imprisonment that may be imposed must not exceed 40 percent of the maximum term imposed.
2. Except as otherwise provided by specific statute, for each felony committed on or after July 1, 1995:
(a) A category A felony is a felony for which a sentence of death or imprisonment in the state prison for life with or without the possibility of parole may be imposed, as provided by specific statute.
(b) A category B felony is a felony for which the minimum term of imprisonment in the state prison that may be imposed is not less than 1 year and the maximum term of imprisonment that may be imposed is not more than 20 years, as provided by specific statute.
.
.
__________________________________________________________________________________
I wish I could give you the Answer you wanted to hear, that there is no problem in buying or carrying a firearm, but the law is not black and white on this issue and depends on the facts of each case; it would have given me great pleasure to have given you the Answer you wanted to hear,,).Snap-on To Webcast Annual Shareholder Meeting Live Via the Internet Business Wire KENOSHA, Wis. -- April 13, 2012 Snap-on Incorporated (NYSE: SNA) announced today that it will webcast its 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders live via the Internet on Thursday, April 26. The 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders webcast will be available on the Snap-on website beginning at 10:00 a.m. Central Time on April 26.. Contact: Snap-on Incorporated Media contact: Richard Secor, 262/656-5561 or Investor contact: Leslie Kratcoski, 262/656-6121
Snap-on To Webcast Annual Shareholder Meeting Live Via the Internet
Save
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.s e-NEWSLETTER | FALL 2012
QUICK LINKS
FWAirport.com FlyFWA.com
SMDAirport.com
FWA Facebook
FWA Twitter
SMD Twitter
PASSENGER LINKS
This season hosts an exciting mix of events and projects at Fort Wayne International Airport, and I look forward to sharing them with you in this edition of our e-newsletter! With the holiday travel season right around the corner, however, I'd first like to take this opportunity to remind you of an important Transportation Security Administration (TSA) regulation.
Please remember that all gifts - in both checked and carry-on luggage - are subject to inspection by TSA and should be left unwrapped. If you need to take a wrapped gift with you to your destination, it can be mailed ahead or you may take advantage of the airport's free "Holiday Wrap Station," where our hospitality hosts and staff will wrap your gifts for you post-security! The station will be open December 17-21, from 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. each day.
If you're not traveling this season but want to bring your loved ones here, I invite you to enter our annual "Home for the Holidays" contest, sponsored by the Airport Authority, The Chamber, and WAJI Majic 95.1. The contest allows two lucky members of the armed services to fly home to Fort Wayne to spend time with their families over the holiday season - completely free of charge. Entry details can be found at. Enter today and let FWA make your holiday season one to remember.
We look forward to sharing with you many other airport happenings in this edition of our e-newsletter.
Thanks and enjoy.
Scott D. Hinderman, A.A.E.
Executive Director of Airports
Fort Wayne-Allen County Airport Authority
Country music could be heard from the speakers of the K105 tent in the parking lot of Glenbrook Square Mall during the afternoon of Monday, September 17, as dozens of Fort Wayne residents stopped by to vote for their favorite Allegiant destination during a live radio remote.
Allegiant made a nationwide tour on their "Vote for Vacation" campaign trail during the month of September, asking residents from each of their markets to cast their vote for their favorite destination. During the event, the airline gave away two free tickets to one lucky winner, and the first 100 people registered received a tax-break coupon for $21.60 off their next flight. Each contestant was also automatically registered for the grand prize - free flights for four years.
184 people registered at the "polls" in Fort Wayne, and Camilla Saunders was the local winner of two tickets. Many Airport Authority employees came out as well, not only to vote, but to help flag people to stop and vote. It was a great event for the local community, and a fun event for employees as well. Thanks to all who came out and supported this fun event!
View more pics on the FWA Facebook page by following this link.
Airport News
The artwork has been installed in the terminal, and was officially unveiled at a celebration on Sunday, October 28. The metal sculpture has the names of the four sister cities in English and then again in each city's language with a weaving strip representing Fort Wayne running through each city. Visiting delegations from Takaoka, Japan and Gera, Germany were present at the celebration, which featured speeches by Fort Wayne Mayor Tom Henry, the artist George Morrison, and Executive Director of Airports Scott Hinderman.
To view the news coverage on this event, click here.
Interstate 69 exit changes affect directions to FWA
On September 13, Ivy Tech officials, local dignitaries, and Airport Authority executives met at Smith Field to dedicate the new home for Ivy Tech's aviation program. The new building on Cook Road is 21,000 square feet, and houses five classrooms, two computer labs, three working labs and a hangar big enough for the entire Ivy Tech fleet of small planes. The Ivy Tech aviation maintenance program began at Smith Field 5 years ago, but grew so quickly that it was overflowing the old facility. The new building can accommodate twice the students of the old, and there is room to double its size if needed.
Airport Authority Staff Available for Speaking Engagements in 2012 & Air Show - Huge success for Fort Wayne community
More than 82,000 people attended the 2012 Fort Wayne Air Show, held at the 122nd Fighter Wing Air National Guard Base over Labor Day weekend, making it the largest air show this region has seen in decades.The weekend kicked off on Friday, August 31 with an all-American barbeque dinner in the wing's main hangar and more than 3,500 people attended an open air country concert featuring Fort Wayne's own Sugar Shot and one of Nashville's up and coming stars, Jason Michael Carroll. Those attending the concert were also entertained with a night pyrobatic display provided by Otto the Helicopter, and Oliver's SkyDancer.Saturday and Sunday was filled with laughter, cheering, and audible gasps from the crowd as aerobatic performers and The Golden Knights stunned the audience with their aerial skills and precision stunts. Despite the rain, tens of thousands of people were able to enjoy teams like the Air National Guard's John Klatt, Warbirds, The Golden Knights, and the weekend's headliner, the F-22 Raptor. There were also plenty of static displays to see such as the Tuskegee Airman Exhibit, B-25 Disabled American Veterans Team and the largest aircraft on display, the C-5 Galaxy."The Fort Wayne Air Show was a complete success," said Col. David L. Augustine, 122nd Fighter Wing Commander. "We couldn't have done it without the support of the community through sponsorships, in-kind donations, volunteerism, and the incredible turnout on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday."
-Courtesy of the 122nd Air National Guard
Bill Swelbar guest speaker at annual Air Service Luncheon
This year's annual Air Service Luncheon was held on September 26 at the Fort Wayne Chamber of Commerce. The guest speaker was, Bill Swelbar, a professor at MIT and a previous consultant to airlines, airports, investors, manufacturers, and labor groups.
Mr. Swelbar's presentation highlighted the changes in the airline industry since 2001. He spoke about the challenges the airline industry is facing (high gas prices, pilot shortages, no 50-seat plane replacements, air service movement toward hubs, etc.), and how those challenges affect smaller regional airports like FWA.
In his presentation, Mr. Swelbar indicated that Fort Wayne is in good shape considering the many challenges in the industry today. While fares have increased, they have increased by much less than our competitors. Our geography is also an asset when compared to our competitors since we are not located near large hubs (like South Bend is to Chicago and Toledo is to Detroit). We already have a good balance of airlines and service to multiple hubs, which is not the case with many airports our size.
If you are interested in viewing the slides from Mr. Swelbar's presentation, click here.
Airport Authority Scholarship Golf Outing - Huge Success!
On Friday, August 17th, the Airport Authority hosted their Annual Scholarship Golf Outing at Brookwood Golf Course. The day was a huge success with 27 teams participating. The Airport Authority achieved its goal to make enough money to award two $1,500 scholarships to students pursuing degrees in aviation. The Greater Fort Wayne Aviation Museum will award these scholarships in the Spring of 2013. The Airport Authority thanks all of the sponsors and participants for making this event a true success!
1st Place Team
Bruce Wright, Dan Copeland, Jeff Haley & Bob Savage
2nd Place Team
Lenny Gunkel, Larry Booth, Jim Rodman & Fred Briggs
3rd Place Team
Frank Kraick, Lowell Shepler, David Hughes & Michael Walton
FWA to bring two lucky service members "Home for the Holidays"
To enter the contest, loved ones should submit a short story in 300 words or less about why their serviceperson should be selected. From all stories submitted, two winners will be selected to each receive one free round-trip ticket to FWA.
The contest will begin on November 1, and the complete contest rules and details on how to enter will be available on the airport's.Google++.
“Google+ is what gave us, and no one else, the key information,” said Joey Kulkin, the paper’s interim editor, said in an email to Steve Buttry, director of community engagement and social media at the Journal Register Co., who blogged about the Trentonian’s coverage of the shooting.
More specifically, a reader saw the paper’s breaking news link on Google+ and responded she thought the victim of the apartment shooting was her cousin. After maintaining frequent contact with the woman, Kulkin was able to confirm the identity of the victim. At the time, that information wasn’t publicly available from more typical sources, like the police, or from less traditional sources, such as Facebook.
“G+ was the first place to deliver a great lede, ahead of Twitter and Facebook,” Kulkin said in an email to me.
I highly recommend you check out Buttry’s Storify account of the issue. It demonstrates how a paper can best serve its community by using all of the tools at hand — not just some of them. Funny enough, Kulkin said Google actually deleted the Trentonian’s account shortly after the shooting coverage. They now have a new profile up.
“Sure, it is our first instinct to tweet something the moment it happens — Facebook, too — but I think G+ can pervade our instincts to deliver breaking news,” Kulkin said in his email. “For me now, it’s Twitter/Facebook/G+.”
Does your news organization have a Google+ account? How have you used it to cover news, breaking or otherwise? Let us know in the comments section below.Glossary of Education
- Coordinated Services
- Services that result when relevant agencies and professionals meet together and collaborate to offer services designed to fit the needs of a particular child. Case manager most often initiates and directs the coordination of services.
Not what you're looking for?
Questions about "Coordinated Services"
Showing 1-5 of 1000
- 2 Answers, Unresolved Question
-
-
- 1 Answer, Unresolved Question
- 1 Answer, Unresolved Question3681 Hatch Rd, Merced, CA 95340
OFF MARKET
- Beds: 4
- Baths: 2 Full
- Single Family Residence
- 2,157 sq ft
Listing Details
- Assessed Taxable Amount
- $152,651
- Tax Amount
- $1,657
- Property Type
- Single Family Residence
- Bedrooms
- 4
- Bathrooms
- 2
- Floors
- 1
- Home Size (Sqft)
- 2,157
- Lot Size (Sqft)
- 53,143
- Lot Size (Acres)
- 1.22
- Year Built
- 1974
-.This, click here
Oohhh, I checked Feel Unique but it had sold out so I turned to Melvita web site and thank god I did – they have 50% off so this scrub is only 8 quid at the moment! You have to pay for P&P but it is still great value!
AH! Amazing!!!! x
on the hunt for a decent scrub!
I brush my body before shower every single day since you published the video about body brushing, and I’m grateful to you cause, for me, there’s no anti-cellulite like this. I’m thin but used to have lots of cellulite, now I don’t have. Do you still brush your body? For me, there’s no need of body scrubs cause the brush does an exfoliation and I don’t want to damage my skin with over-exfoliation. Thanks for your daily reviews, I love them, your sense of humour and also Mr. Bear!
Oh Gina I’m so pleased! It really does work, I’m positive of that! Glad to help xx
Thanks Ruth, this sounds great. As you say, the fact that it sticks to you, unlike so many other scrubs, is a huge plus. Look forward to reading your review on the serum.
Ahahhaaha, fucus!! That really made me LOL! I’m often a little too lazy with my body scrubs, just think that I can’t be asked to wear those scrubbing gloves and have a work out on my own body in my own shower!
This looks lovely Ruth, thanks for this review!That’s how many states are holding governors’ elections next year.
Republicans are the defending party in 22 of those contests, compared with 14 for the Democrats.
The nonpartisan Cook Political Report rates Republican-held governorships in Florida, Maine, Michigan and Pennsylvania as tossups. The same designation is given to Democratic-held governorships in Arkansas and Illinois.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will become chairman of the Republican Governors Association this week and will oversee fundraising and strategy for his party’s candidates.
Christie’s “connections to wealthy individual and corporate donors are about to expand exponentially” as he prepares to assume the chairmanship of the RGA and also weighs a 2016 presidential campaign, Bloomberg’s John McCormick reports today.
The job will allow Christie to build a national network of donors and political supporters ahead of a potential White House bid.
The RGA basically is “a large bank,” with its chairman acting as a CEO who can make “invaluable” connections, Eric Fehrnstrom, an aide to Mitt Romney when he was RGA chairman and during his two presidential campaigns, told McCormick.
“My job is to be supportive of those 36 races, to make the strategic choices about where we should invest the most money to yield the greatest success,” Christie said Nov. 18 at the Wall Street Journal’s CEO Council meeting in Washington.
Christie’s new job involves a lot of travel, including to states that outsized influence in selecting presidential candidates. Look for Christie to promote the re-elections of Govs. Terry Branstad of Iowa, Nikki Haley of South Carolina and Rick Scott of Florida as well as the election of the New Hampshire Republican who emerges as the party’s nominee against Democratic Gov. Maggie Hassan.
At the same meeting, Christie said he would make a decision about a 2016 presidential campaign “when I have to.”
“I think people who make decisions — and I think the folks who run companies here know this — if you make decisions before it’s the right time to make them, you increase geometrically the chance to screw that decision up,” Christie said. “Not something I want to screw up.”)<p>.
Tips
“It was great...clean, friendly and knowledgable staff! ”
“I had a great experience and was very happy with the results of my hair removal treatment. The staff was very friendly and easy to work with as well.”
“Very nice employees and the Groupon was a great deal! ”
- 1
Novi Laser & Aesthetic Center
42450 W 12 Mile Rd., Suite 205
Novi, MI 48377
+12483476100Get DirectionsPage Two
The wholesalers face an uphill battle in Washington, however, as even the Federal Trade Commission concluded recently that online wine sales provide increased consumer choice and in some cases lower prices. "The Internet does not change the baseline principles of freedom and competition," said Todd Zywicki, director of the FTCs Office of Policy Planning.In her testimony, Duggan condemned the FTCs conclusion as preordained. "It is the triumph of rhetoric over reason," Duggan told lawmakers. "It is intellectually dishonest and scientifically specious." Many in Congress are not convinced, however, that the issues raised by the wholesalers are not mainly a diversion from the larger economic battle. "I have to say its about 5 percent for the kids and about 95 percent for the money, honey," Rep. George Radanovich, R-Calif., said. "This is about money, and its about market share, and thats OK." Calling the wholesalers argument "economic protectionism" in the guise of social policy, Rep. John Shimkus, R-Ill., said many small wineries in Illinois do not have the luxury of working within the traditional wholesale structure. For others, however, the issue of online wine sales raises questions, separate and distinct from other online sales, which transcend economics. Controlled substances are "not the same as contact lenses or golf clubs," said Rep. Edolphus Towns, D-N.Y. "Theres really no control here in terms of youngsters being able to order it, being able to receive it, and thats a real problem." The wholesalers concede that there is an economic issue at stake, but they say it is one that motivates startup producers to attack the long-established distribution system. "There is a huge worldwide glut of wine on the market," Duggan told lawmakers, adding that the easiest tactic for new wineries is to attack the system. "There simply is too much wine."
Warning that legacy regulations can inhibit the growth of e-commerce, Zywicki testified that many state bans on interstate wine shipment are in place because the wholesale distribution system was developed before the Internet existed. As e-commerce continues to expand, the potential cost of restrictions will rise, he said.Details
Sun Lounger …
Made for long lasting outdoor use …
A lovely design that will suit commercial and domestic environments perfectly. The wheels on the back allow it to be moved very easily.
The fittings are solid brass and the back rest reclines in three positions.
Cutting edge Textolene Fabrics:
This is a patented fabric that comes with a five year guarantee.
Specifications:
- High tenacity polyester yarn.
- Specific sheath formulation.
- Précontraint Serge Ferrari patented technology.
- Optimised weave openness.
Your Benefits:
- Tear resistant and extremely strong with UV stabilisers for that non-fade quality.
- Easy to clean with soapy water.
- Tension uniformly conserved: no bagging phenomenon.
- Uniform weave with very vibrant colours.
- Stays cool in summer, dries very quickly.
The teak is of the finest quality and lends itself to outdoor use with a high oil content and dense grain naturally protecting it against the UK weather.
It is also hand finished with mortice and tenon joints reinforced with teak dowels to make it suitable for regular outdoor use.
For further information please contact our Sales Team in the Midlands.
Dimensions:
Length: 203cm
Width: 65cm
Height: 30cm
Recommendations
ReviewsBe the first one to add a review
Discussion
No comments just yet - be the first!You must be logged in to post a comment.Each make TABLE DECORATIONS with Thanksgiving or Christmas Theme - You can make place cards, Candles, Party Favors, Silverware rings, anything you can make to make your Holiday dinner table pretty - I want to see it!
Here is what you need to do.
1. Anyone Can Play!
2. Make a completed project embellishing your work with your Thanksgiving themes. Share the link here in the comments linking to my Blog and CBC41. When you post to Splitcoaststampers or to your Blog, be sure and put CBC41 as the KEYWORD and mention of the challenge - with a link!
3. I will do a random drawing for all participants and have a special pack of assorted Designer Papers for the winner! Last weeks winner is Liz Miller, you can see her FABULOUS creation HERE.
I made a little Gift Sack for my Thanksgiving guests...
This is what I used for my project...
Stamp Sets: Autumn Blessings and Turkey Day by Sweet 'n Sassy Stamps
Cardstock and Ink: Riding Hood Red, Kiwi Kiss, Pumpkin Pie, Creamy Caramel, Chocolate Chip, Whisper White, Basic Black
Accessories: White Gel Pen, Cuddle bug, Big Shot Top Note, Corner Rounder, 1 1/4 & 1 3/4 circle punch, 1/2 inch circle punch,
Be sure to check out the FABULOUS Belli Challenge Design Team's creations!!!
Shelly Koskinen
Jennifer Greco
Joan Ervin
Ceal Pritchett
Lori Ames
Sarah Anderson
Danita Hollander
Be sure to check out what everyone else has made and make a comment too for them please! We all LOVE comments. It is fun to see what ya'll think of the work we share!
Thank you for stopping by! Have a FABULOUS day!
22 comments:
This is so fabulous!
Very cute idea! My little grandchildren would love this, the big ones too!
Barb Gault
This is a really nifty idea thanks for sharing that!
This is an adorable project!! I wonder if I have time to plat today...I hope so!
I love this! It's soooo cute! Do you have any idea if that Top Note die works in the Cuttlebug? Just curious.
Oh, and does this mean the html didn't work? Again, no rush on that, I just want to make sure you're happy with the end product!
This is super cute!!!!
I like the turkey, very cool!
And thanks, that's great I won!
Beautiful gift bag!
This is tooooo cute!!!
Super cute, Chrissy...you are sooo creative!! Another fun project using the top note....I better borrow Miss Holly's!!!
Oh my word! This is adorable!
aaaahhhh! turkey-licious! :)
great idea- like the use of embossed feathers and top note for the turkey!
I love this!!!! The "feathers" on the turkey are just so colorful!!!!!! Okay I need to get busy on the challenge now:)
OMG this is so cute!!! The detail of the embossed feathers and the face is adorable!
I guess I created something for your challenge with out even know it! I found your blog through Sarah A's link!
Here is my project:
Im sorry I havent gotten here sooner!! This guy is soooooooo cute!!! You did a great job with him!!!
Here's my project for this week's challenge.
I love him!!! The colors are great! and his feathers are just the cutest thing.
I made a place card project for you're challenge Chrissy. You can view it here.
What a cute idea I love it.
Your turkey turned out adorable Chris.
Angel hugs
Debby
This is AWESOME! Gobble-licious!10 Things Not to Do When I’m Being a Bitch.
Women bitch:
10. Don’t resist it.
I cannot overemphasize this one. Resistance is the most common reason me being a bitch bitchy wave to stop being a big bitchy bitch forever? Have I? Have you ever known any women who were? (Meryl Streep from Devil Wears Prada doesn’t count.)
No. Emotions don’t last forever, no matter what they are. That’s why they’re called e-motions—energy in motion. There is no permanent state, particularly when it comes to women. We can switch from ecstatic to melodramatic in an instant, and be ready for tiramisu right after.
By the way, do you think that’s easy? No. A lot of the time it’s exhausting. You should try being on this roller coaster of emotion, not just being around it.
8. Know that it’s not really about what it’s about.
When I’m being a bitch, we’re in Emotion Land. We left Logic Land long ago and as much as you may lament its absence, that ship has sailed (right on over the tsunami). I may be crying hysterically ‘because’ you forgot to call, or sniping at you ‘because’ you forgot to buy the right kind of milk. But it’s not really about that.
In other words, it’s not really about what it’s ‘about.’
It’s not that it has nothing to do with the milk; it’s just that it’s more about something else. In fact, I may not even know exactly what’s wrong myself.
The best way for you to deal with this is to stop playing the game of “fixing what this is ‘about,’” and start listening for what it’s really about. The more you can hold off on shaming me for being upset over something ‘illogical,’ the more we can work as a team to figure out what’s really going on.
7. Have fun with it.
Are you one of those people who loves watching sh*t go down when there’s something destructive happening? Are you like, daaamn, look at those waves flood over the boardwalk, or those cars floating down the street, or that (empty) house get torn up by that hurricane? Holy Sharknado, this is amazing!
Use that. Pretend my storm is an actual storm, and you get a front row seat (which incidentally some people would pay for). Witness it the same way you would a tempest—it swirls and rages, lessens and worsens, and eventually dissipates.
Because the things I’m saying and the way I’m acting isn’t ‘the truth.’ It’s just what’s true for me in that one particular moment. It will change in the next moment, just like the weather. And once you stop taking it to be something to be defended against or resentful of, it can actually be kind of entertaining.
I’m like your own personal hurricane. Besides—wouldn’t it be boring if it were sunny skies all the time?
6. When I act like a child, think of me like a child.
Half the time when I’m being a bitch, it is exactly the same as when a 3-year-old is wigging out because s/he’s sleep-deprived. There is no logical reason for the behavior—it’s a physiological reaction. As adults, we assume we’re all capable of being normal, rational beings all the time.
We’re not. Especially not those of us with riotously, spectacularly, outlandishly fluctuating hormones. Did you know that 70% of crimes committed by women are perpetrated within three days of their period? #truth.
Seriously—when I’m whining or bitching or complaining seemingly just for the sake of it, picture me as a tiny little girl in a tiny little dress with a tiny little diaper and a tiny little face red from bawling, who is upset that you just gave her the wrong milk. How seriously do you take that toddler? How much compassion do you have for her?
You always knew I was secretly a three-year-old. Now make it work for you.
5. Call me out (gently).
For me personally, this works best when you give a nickname to my bitchy side.
My ex used to use “’tudy,” short for “attitude-y.” This was brilliant because it named what was happening without making me wrong for it. It also acknowledged that I’m not only that—there are many aspects and facets to me. This just happens to be the one that’s coming out right now.
It usually went a little something like:
Me: [Looking in fridge] “Really?? You forgot that I asked you specifically to get whole milk this week? You know I’m trying out that new Fat Is The New Skinny Diet—you just thought you’d ruin my chances, or what?”
Him: [glancing over at me; pausing for a moment] “Hey there, ‘tudy! I’ve missed you. What you been up to?”
I’d roll my eyes but no matter how much I wanted to, I couldn’t suppress a smile. He knew me – all of me – and he wasn’t scared of it. Instead of taking my comment as ‘a huge and monumental attack on my manhood that I must defend against,’ it was more like, ‘that bitchy thing Mel just said.’
It’s not that he wasn’t taking me seriously. It’s that he wasn’t taking me too seriously.
4. If you can’t handle it, leave.
It’s all well and good to talk about enjoying it, but sometimes that’s just not possible. In those moments, don’t tell me I shouldn’t be or feel a certain way.
If you can’t handle it, get out the way.
Look, I love my sister like, well, a sister. But she can be a real bitch sometimes. And I’ve learned that occasionally, it’s best to just leave the room. Sometimes I can read her moods and know that she’s ready to talk; other times I know it’s about her blood sugar being low; and sometimes it’s just a different type of mood—the untouchable one. It’s that one where no matter what I say or do, she’s just going to be a bitch.
For the most part, I know when to stick around and when to stay away. Then there are the times when I read it wrong and get scratched by her ‘tudy talons. At that point I retreat into the other room and lick my wounds.
Both are fine, but it’s a whole lot more pleasant when I read it right and beat a hasty retreat. You should feel free to do the same.
3. Take care of yourself.
You don’t always have to put up with my crap. Just because I’m in a bad mood doesn’t mean you’re responsible for it—or for fixing it. As my man, I expect you to give me attention and put energy into the relationship, but I don’t expect either 24/7.
You are, in fact, a whole separate being with your own experiences and needs and responsibilities. And your first responsibility is to yourself: if you can’t handle it or don’t have the energy or just don’t want to deal with me in a certain moment, don’t.
Do not sacrifice yourself or your truth just to make me ‘happy.’ It doesn’t work anyway—you usually get resentful that you tried to help and it didn’t work.
I’d much rather you take care of yourself in the moment and have space for me later, than overextend yourself now and blame me for it later.
Instead, try just letting me know: “Hey, I get you’re upset and I want you to know I care. At the same time, I need to take care of myself right now so I’m gonna go chill for a while. Cool?”
With this you’ve solved half of it anyway just by acknowledging that I’m not okay.
I at least feel seen and I’m also primed to get that it’s not all about me all the time.
Sometimes, it’s easy for me to forget that.
2. If you don’t know how to support me, ask.
You don’t have it all figured out. You don’t have to know exactly what to do or how to do it or what to say or how to say it beforehand. It’s far better to admit you don’t know than constantly attempt to figure out the enigma wrapped in a riddle served on a bed of unpredictable with a little dollop of wtf on top, that constitutes the psyche of a woman.
If you are really at your wit’s end but you do have the energy and you do want to know what’s going on or how to help – ask. For example: “I don’t know what to do or how to help right now, but I want to. How can I support you?”
That will bring me up short.
And much of the time, I will tell you. This can flip me right out of my mood and put me into a different one. I might start to bawl; I might ask for chocolate; I might collapse into your arms and say, “I just—*sob*—want—*sob*—a footrub. Can you—*hiccup*—give me—*searching look*—a footrub?”
Because usually when I’m being a bitch, there’s some need that’s not being met. I don’t feel heard, or I’m craving connection, or I’m not feeling expressed, or I’m just generally feeling like I don’t matter. Here’s a truthful secret for you: sometimes I lash out just to make sure that I do matter—that I can at least affect someone.
The point is, usually all that frustrated and angry energy wants to be transmuted into something else, something softer and more accessible and more yielding. If I’m given the genuine space for it, it will.
You can create that space. Sometimes.
1. Love me anyway.
Please, God, let me find a man who is capable of this. Let me find someone who doesn’t take me too seriously, isn’t intimidated by mood swings, and embraces the fact that I’m pretty judgmental a lot of the time. Let me find someone who knows that while I’m totally imperfect and totally impatient, I’m also totally loyal, totally affectionate, and willing to go all out for my friends. Let me find someone who sees it all—not who shuts down when I’m not at my best.
And if it’s in the cards for me, let me find someone who doesn’t just tolerate me, but genuinely finds my quirks endearing. Let me be discovered by someone who doesn’t see me as a problem to be solved or a thing to be handled, but as a woman to be loved.
Even—or maybe even especially—when she’s being a bitch."Alberta Ferretti Bridal Spring 2011
Italy’s Alberta Ferretti chose Paris’ Ritz hotel for the unveiling of her Alberta Ferretti Forever capsule bridal line, timed for the first day of the haute couture shows. The demi-couture spring creations (14 frocks) looked anything but stuffy, however. Ferretti said she wanted the mood to feel easy and young, pairing a floor-length ivory tulle skirt with, say, a sweet embroidered silk T-shirt. There were more classically romantic options, such as draped column gowns and asymmetric silk gazar bustier gowns, while a few of the fun shorter looks – a crystal-embroidered shift and a tiered ostrich feather look – could easily be recycled as party frocks.IT IS the most festive of times in western Belmont County. The Barnesville Pumpkin Festival officially unfolds Thursday, unleashing four days of unabashed fun and excitement....
« Back to Article
200 S. Fourth St. , Martins Ferry, OH 43935 | 740-633-1131
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThis market research report offers a perspective on the actual market situation, trends and future outlook for AC generators in Philippines. Philippines
- AC generators market value by segment
- Forecasts and future outlook of the market
- Country overview, macroeconomic indicators and indicators of doing business
- What is the size of the AC generators industry in Philippines?
-Product Description
Now the little girl fans of Spiderman have the perfect costume! The Spider-Girl dress is made of polyester and spandex with Velcro snaps on the back with an elastic band on the back of the waist to allow for comfortable wearing. On the front of the dress the dark pink areas have a glitter like print to them and the dress has sparkly silver web and a spider to recreate the classic Spiderman look with a girly touch. The petticoat has an elastic band at the top to allow it to stay on with a light pink ruffle at the bottom. The leg warmers are a light pink polyester with elastic at the top and bottom to help them stay in place. On the front side there is silver webbing printed on them. The sparkly silver eye mask has an elastic band with a Velcro snap at the back for easy wearing. Get ready to take on all the bad guys this Halloween!
Spider-Girl Pink Dress CostumeProduct # DI39599
Product Includes
- Dress
- Petticoat
- Leg warmers
- Eye mask
Purchase Product
Product Measurements
Measured In: Inches|CentimetersHow to take your measurements ”,
Images
related images for spatula
- ski much easier to handle on hardpack and when you need to set an edge The tapered tail also adds to stability at speed and easier landing when you want to huck big Spatula vs Pontoon K2 Hellbent Tip and tail rocker traditional underfoot side cut twin tip Very similar to the Pontoon but designed specifically for bi directional travel twin tip 150 122 141
- spatula1 after l jpg
- 3 Weber Stainless Steel Spatula Weber Stephen Products Co A good barbecue spatula doesn t need loads of funny little gadgets on it I have one that has a cutting blade on one side a vicious turning fork and an opener for
- 97551spatula jpg
- I am covered in a profusion of small scratches inflicted by him Spatula is my cat and a good deal calmer and less inclined to use her claws They are a bit over two months old now Spatula
- Spudster Potato opener Model 4201010
- than it did before which has the same effect as thickening the bumper material between these two keys Everything must come in a certain order when making saxophone set up adjustments Once you know that both B Bb pads are sealing insert strips of paper between the two keys at their contact point until you have the correct thickness to add to your bumper material You can
- 56ec0c17 2413 475a b968 4881eeb94aad jpg
- High quality stainless steelcombination tool
- Spatula jpg
- BBQ Spatula
- MM30948 Slice Spatula in stock now
- aspatula png
- spatula2 before l jpg
- by kzager Sat Aug 22 2009 7 59 pm
- Read more
- spatula 1 jpg
- OL006 spatula setW1 jpg
- Spatula jpg
- is powered down apart from today when I booted all of the machines and set them to work on the ClimatePrediction Net BOINC project The plan went like this I buy a new CPU upgrade Spatula and sell the old motherboard and graphics card I was all set to do this until today when I recalled that it had taken me a long time to get everything set up on Spatula and I
- 15faa35d 8ee9 42d4 8102 f1217dc417c4 jpg
- Kids don t try this at home Especially that
- precancerous changes it is this area that is most likely to be effected This area of unstable skin is also known as the SQJ or transition zone Make a Thin Smear Spread the sample taken from the cervix on a glass slide Try to make the smear as thin as possible since this makes it easier for the pathologist or cytotechnician to read
- spatula2 after l jpg
- Dishwasher safe 22 Spatula
- 大 サイズ 70mmｘ20mm
- http www umich edu ~turner Bow jpg http www umich edu ~turner Octave jpg http www umich edu ~turner Spatula jpg Again Thanks for your help
-
- I like Photobucket as well Now you can copy your pics with 1 click
- and a spatula I won t go into details here but I have an inexplicable craving for pancakes this morning I m sorry folks I just had to get that out of my system Carry on with your day
- spatula l l jpg
-
- かもしれません 掃除やさんはステンレス製を使います もともとは歯科の技工士さんがセメントや蝋を扱うときに使うものらしいです この道具 職人さんが使う金物屋さんで売っていました 1400円ぐらいです きれいな道具なので持っているだけでも気分がよくなります
- はじめに 共働きの奥様方は どんな生活をしているんだろう 家事の分担はどうしているのかな 夕御飯は 毎日ちゃんと作っているのかな
- spatula1 before l jpg
- Philip Nobel If you wish to grab a single still frame in GIF format click
- 00001876 002 15 jpg
- of us fidget Oh yeah that too Though we ve melted more spatulas in the dishwasher than the stove They fall down on the drying element which is apparently the temperature of the sun Check this one out Comedy Plus No kidding I make no complaints Regan Yes it s cliche Although I m not exactly saying you ll grow out of it sheila That s an interesting
- spatula wood handle 150h jpg
- spatula large jpg.
On Twitter
twitter about spatulaGame Time: Bad Boys, What'cha Gonna Do -- have been arrested for attempted armed robbery.
According to a Knoxville City Police report, the incident goes like this -- the reported victims were sitting in their car minding their own business outside a Pilot convenience store near campus. As they were getting ready to start guzzling their 64-ounce Mountain Dews and eating their Hostess sno-balls, two perpetrators wearing hooded sweatshirts demanded the victims "Give us everything you got!"
One of the robbers, possibly in tribute to Clark Griswold in the first Vacation movie, was brandishing what turned out to be an air pellet gun. Also, one of the thieves was (no joke) actually wearing Tennessee Volunteer gear; apparently, he didn't have time to put a sticker on his chest that said "HELLO, my name is NU'KEESE."
When the victims showed the two robbers that they had no money, a third hooded-sweatshirt (likely the mastermind behind this intricate, multi-layered scheme) came out of the woodwork and said "we've got to go." All three then got into a Prius which left the scene with a woman driving, and presumably sped away at 25 miles per hour very quietly and in an environmentally friendly fashion.
Police pulled over the Prius near campus and found the air pellet gun,
a marijuana grinder, a bag of the hippie lettuce, and a box set of Bob
Marley's Greatest Hits. (Ok, I made that last one up.)
Now, anyone who follows college football knows that the University of Tennessee football program has a rich history of criminal activity. As someone who embraces the time-honored traditions of college football, I was beyond excited to see the news today! I mean, college football is so much more interesting when traditional football powers are hitting their stride at whatever they are best known for. Outlined against a blue gray sky, the Four Horsemen (well, Three Horsemen and One Horsewoman -- Jackson, Edwards, Nu'Keese, and Marie) rode again....in a Prius.
It's funny because about twenty-four hours ago, Kiffin was on a conference call bragging about Tennessee's squeaky-clean arrest record since he had taken over the program. Obviously, Kiffin has never sat at a hot blackjack table before, because when things are good, the best way to coax a slew of 21's for the dealer is to tell everyone at the table how much you've won. "Man, I don't know about you guys, but I'm up like FOUR GRAND in the last thirty minutes!" By tempting fate, figuratively Kiffin doubled down against the dealer's six; unfortunately, the dealer (named Nu'Keese Janzen Edwards) just flipped over a face card and a five on his ass. Sucks to be you, Lane.
Unfortunately for Kiffin, getting out of his own way is a skill he has not mastered. On national Letter of Intent signing day last February, he entertained the orange-clad masses at a signing-day celebration with a story of Meyer allegedly using illegal recruiting practices to keep Richardson in the Florida fold. (Richardson had been a Florida commit all the way up until signing day when he flipped to the Vols.) Never mind that Kiffin was dead wrong in his allegations, but the irony now of Richardson being at the center of a controversy surrounding perceived illegalities is delicious.
Hey, Lane, I don't know if Urban Meyer's contact to Richardson was illegal, but do you know what is? Waving a gun at someone and asking for their money. It is, I checked! Generally, in this country, we are required to exchange goods or services if we ask someone for their money. Nu'Keese will learn this concept soon enough when it comes time to interview attorneys. He should know that attorneys tend not to sit outside convenience stores; they have big mansions where they spend most of their time. That's because they, too, will ask for "everything he's got."
The rumor mill had actually been churning out some non-arrest Richardson stories lately. Reportedly, the freshman running back had been unhappy with his playing time (which I'm going to go out on a limb and say was promised to him on Signing Day by the Kiffster), and was looking to leave the school. Kiffin diffused those rumors, and Richardson actually scored a touchdown this past weekend against Memphis.
Just a hunch, but if he still has plans on transferring, he may find leaving the state difficult in the near term. Robbing people will scuttle travel plans, that much I know.
Ironically, this news comes just as Tennessee is playing its best football of the season. Sitting at 5-4 with a decent bowl game a very real possibility, Kiffin had been proving doubters (a group in which I count myself) wrong and the team was getting better as the season wore on. It was precisely this type of improvement that Kiffin envisioned for his program when he gave Richardson and Jackson whatever sales pitch he gave them to get them to flip their commitments on Signing Day. (Jackson had been an LSU commit up until the last minute.) And in a classic case of "be careful what you wish for", it may be Richardson and Jackson (and Edwards) that give everyone hoping for a spectacular Kiffin train wreck their (well, ok...OUR) first glimmer of hope. Thanks fellas!!
HAPPY 41ST BIRTHDAY, SAMMY SOSA!! That's right!! The happy-go-lucky, sometimes English-speaking poster boy for the Steroids Era turns 41 today!
Everyone has their favorite Sosa moment. I think this one is mine....
Listen to Sean Pendergast on 1560 The Game weekdays 3-7 p.m. on the Sean & John Show, and follow him on Twitter at. Be sure especially to listen to him this Friday when 1560 The Game takes their show on the road to WWE Hall of Famer Jim Ross' JR'S Family Bar-B-Q () in Norman, OK for the Texas A&M-OULocation: Home > NYX-Cosmetics > NYX Glitter Cream Pallets > NYX Cosmetics Glitter Cream Pallet Ice Queen
NYX Cosmetics Glitter Cream Pallet Ice Queen
- OUR Price: £6.00
NYX Cosmetics Glitter Cream Pallet Ice Queen.Transform your look, or float from day to night, with a dash of celestial sparkle
Our palette of five gel-based glitters can be used to embellish eyes, cheeks and lips.
Bomb Cosmetics Lip Scrub Sherbert Lemon 10ml
- Our Price
- £2.49
Bath and Body Works Mini Candle Vanilla Snowflake 36gm
- Our Price
- £3.50
Village Candle Jar Small Cinnamon Buns 701gm
- Our Price
- £8.99
Top Sellers
Bomb Cosmetics Bake Me Away
£12.99
In October 2012, iNACOL's Virtual School Symposium (VSS).
VSS.
Registration is Now Open!
Press attends free of charge - please visit the Advance Media Registration page for details on required media qualifications/press credentials and to register.
To see resources from last year's VSS conference, you may visit the: VSS 2011 Wiki at. Recordings of keynote and some break-out sessions are available at.House action on 'tax extenders' forfeits credibility on deficits and national debt.
Fiscal hard-liners in Congress have insisted on offsetting the cost of virtually every proposal that would increase the deficit — a temporary extension of benefits for the long-term unemployed, for example, or an increase in Medicare payments to doctors..
For decades, Congress has extended certain special interest tax breaks one or two years at a time — so often that they have a collective name: "tax extenders." Congress has sometimes offset the revenue loss, but mostly not. This has often been a bipartisan abuse, since the desire to shower free tax breaks on favored constituencies knows no party.
Altogether, there are more than 50 extenders, which range from dubious tax breaks for NASCAR race tracks and race horses to worthwhile tax credits for research and experimentation (the so-called R&D tax cut). Good or bad, virtually all of them expired at midnight Dec. 31, and now Congress is scrambling to reinstate them.
House Republicans are doing this one tax break at a time, beginning by picking six business breaks and lining them up to pass as individual bills. The House is set to begin debate on the first one — the R&D tax break — on Wednesday. For all their talk about the evils of deficits and the debt, Republicans have zero interest in paying for the cost of the R&D tax break. "This bill has been extended, unpaid for, probably 30 times," said Rep. Dave Camp, R-Mich., chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee.
The old "we've always done it this way" excuse. Anyone still wondering why the national debt is as big as it is?
During the 1990s, a tough "pay as you go" rule required Congress to pay for any new tax cuts and for any new or expanded entitlement benefits. The requirement was one of the reasons the nation had balanced budgets from 1998 through 2001. Unsurprisingly, though, Congress let the rule lapse. It was reinstated in a modified form in 2010, but like any law, Congress can get around it simply by inserting a provision that says the rule won't apply.
Neither party really likes the discipline. While House Democrats complained about the House GOP decision not to offset tax extenders, the Democrat-led Senate Finance Committee recently passed a measure that would renew the extenders for two years, at a cost of $85 billion, with $0 in offsets. Neither party has clean hands, but at least Senate Democrats aren't trying to make the tax cuts permanent, which leaves open the faint possibility they could offset the cost — someday.Comment with any questions, and I’ll have answers tomorrow. Thanks.
Monthly Archives: July 2013
Fall camp preview: Running backs
After. .” KEY_TYPED events are delivered after KEY_PRESSED events but before KEY_RELEASED events ... and its key code property is always VK_UNDEFINED. The event's key modifiers are captured a the time the character was pressed.
Constant specifying an undefined key code. When the key code in a key evernt does not represent a key code, the event's key code property is set to VK_UNDEFINED. The key code in all KEY_TYPED events is VK_UNDEFINED.Book your room at Howard Johnson Inn Rock Hill
Standard Room, 1 King BedMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Standard Room, 1 Queen Bed, SmokingMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child)
Standard Room, 2 Queen BedsMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Double Room, 2 Double BedsMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Standard Room, 1 King Bed, SmokingMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Standard Room, 2 Queen Beds, SmokingMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Double Room, 2 Double Beds, SmokingMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Guests can enjoy a complimentary breakfast each morning. Public areas are equipped with complimentary high-speed wireless Internet access. This Rock Hill motel also offers a fitness center, coffee/tea in the lobby, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby.
- Free breakfast
- Free WiFi
- Fitness facilities
- Coffee/tea in lobby
- 24-hour front desk
- Free newspapers in lobby
- Number of floors - 2
- Total number of rooms - 54
Family Friendly Amenities
- Free Wi-Fi
- Refrigerator
- Microwave
- Rollaway/extra beds available
Internet
Available in all rooms: Free WiFi
Available in some public areas: Free WiFi
Room Amenities
- Free WiFi
- Cable TV service
- Premium TV channels
- Refrigerator
- Microwave
- Shower/tub combination
- Coffee/tea maker
- Cribs/infant beds available
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Daily housekeeping
- Free weekday newspaper
- Free local calls
- Hair dryer
- In-room safe
- Iron/ironing board
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- Access via exterior corridors
- Air conditioning
- Private bathroom
Where to Eat
Guests are offered a complimentary continental breakfast each morning.
Nearby Things to Do
The recreational activities listed below are available either on site or nearby; fees may apply.
Hotel Policies
Check-in
Check-in time starts at 2 PM
Payment types
).Browse by Subject Term
You can click on the information icon
to see how the subject term is defined within our thesaurus.
- race (13)
- race relations (3)
- racial attitudes (1)
- racial discrimination (2)
- racial segregation (1)
- religion (2)
- religious affiliation (1)
- religious behavior (1)
- rental housing (1)
- residential segregation (1)
- risk factors (1)Gov't 'constantly monitoring' Iguazú floodings
Cabinet Chief Jorge Capitanich said the government is “constantly monitoring” the flooding emergency in the Iguazú watershed by an emergency committee and that National Gendarmerie, Federal Police and Military Police personnel were being deployed in the affected areas.
In his daily press briefing from Government House Capitanich said “there is a team working together with federal and provincial governments,” to assist those affected by the rise in the levels of Paraná, Paraguay and Uruguay rivers is on its way. “We are constantly, thoroughly monitoring [the situation],” he said.
The Kirchnerite Official said an emergency committee met yesterday to monitor the situation and that a new meeting is scheduled for Monday in the affected areas. He explained that the committe is working on “evacuation strategies” as well as “the protection of goods and bovine cattle, which is important in coastal areas”.
In the past days, the Iguazú river experienced an unusual rainfall that increased its water level from the average 1,500 cubic meters to 47,700 cubic meters, affecting the entire watershed and isolating several coastal cities.
Weather forecasts predict more storms in the area.
Newcastle United's top scorer Papiss Cisse could be a hero at Queens Park Rangers and John Carver admits his absence has cost Magpies
Newcastle United striker was supposed to go out on loan but his goals have lit up some dark moments at St James' Park this season
Matt Le Tissier feels that Newcastle United would not be in relegation trouble in the Premier League had they stuck with Londoner
Newcastle United head coach John Carver says that he was making tongue-in-cheek remarks that he claims got taken out of context
Newcastle United want to sign Aleksandar Mitrovic but a deal for the Anderlecht star will not be concluded until relegation battle resolved
As Newcastle United fans face a third relegation battle in six years it's time for the powers that be to make some decisions and stick to them
Newcastle United head coach still determined to win job at St James' Park despite alarming run of results
After claiming he was "blacklisted" Sylvain Marveaux is told he has the same chance as everybody else
With Newcastle on the brink of the relegation zone, club says they can't be seen to partying and have shelved plans for a dinner
John Carver faced up to what has been a tough season in his weekly Press conference and knows post-mortem of campaign is just around the.> Please note that eligible_child() drops tasklist_lock if it returns error> (ret < 0), so the "read_unlock" above is wrong.Oops! Thanks for catching that. I first got the code into shape before Inoticed your change:commit f2cc3eb133baa2e9dc8efd40f417106b2ee520f3 "do_wait: fix security checks"I let that one slip off the end of my queue and never gave it proper review.I tweaked my patch hastily to keep in line with that change and was careless.I would have objected to that change at the time had I been up to speed.AFAICT your objection was based solely on the inconsistent treatment ofchildren PTRACE_ATTACH'd by another. That was an inadvertent omission inmy original change in commit 73243284463a761e04d69d22c7516b2be7de096c (andseems obviously so to me). That bug in no way invalidates the motivationfor the original change. But you threw the baby out with the bathwater.The original change came up in response to an actual problem in the realworld. There was a bug in SELinux and/or a particular security policy thatmade it impossible to debug some daemons with gdb. The bug was aninternally inconsistent set of security checks, so root running gdb wasallowed to ptrace the daemon process, that process was allowed to send gdba SIGCHLD and wake it up, but gdb was not allowed to see it with wait4().The symptom of this bug was that gdb said "wait: No children". The resaonable developer seeing this double-checked by using strace ongdb, and saw that indeed wait4(-1, ...) had failed with ECHILD eventhough ps and /proc/PID/status and everything the developer knew saidwait4() should consider the daemon process a waitable child of gdb(which had used PTRACE_ATTACH). The reasonable developer says, "Thisis strange bug in ptrace or wait, and I'm just stuck; send it to Roland."So I debugged the whole thing and fixed an SELinux bug for the SELinuxpeople. Then I imagined how it could have been:The symptom of this bug was that gdb said "wait: Permission denied".The resaonable developer seeing this double-checked by using strace ongdb, and saw that indeed wait4(-1, ...) had failed with EACCES. Thereasonable developer has seen an unreasonable "Permission denied"error before, and says, "Hmm, maybe I should look in /var/log/secureor someplace." The reasonable developer finds a log message about"avc denied wait for gdb". The reasonable developer says, "This isanother gosh-darn SELinux issue, so I better report an SELinux bug."(The reasonably hurried developer then says, "Oh heck, let's justdisable SELinux until I've finished debugging the dag-burn daemon.")Now try to guess which of these stories I like better.> If !retval and WNOHANG, we should return -ECHILD, but with this patch> we return 0.The meaning of WNOHANG is to return 0 when we would otherwise block.Returning -ECHILD is wrong.Thanks,RolandUnited Scenic United Scenic Studios Designer ( b. circa 1925 ) Productions ProductionsDate of ProductionsSally, Irene and Mary[Musical, Comedy, Revival] Scenic Design by United Scenic Studios Mar 23, 1925 - Apr 04, 1925 Find out where United Scenic Studios and are credited together © 2001-2015, The Broadway League, All Rights Reserved. (Copyright and Disclaimer)It is 10:03 AM UTC when you ran this IP trace report for japanesetube8.com here on our website, IP-Adress.com. When it comes to japanesetube8.com, you can trust that if we have the IP tracer information available for it, we will display it further below to assist in your research of japanesetube8.com. Feel free to run another IP trace for japanesetube8.com or a different search.
Timestamp Confirmation:
The IP tracer report for japanesetube8.com was ran at 10:03 AM UTC on May 22, 2015 and the information is provided below if available.
© 2015 IP-adress.comCareNow free health clinic treats thousands
The L.A. Sports Arena has been transformed into an enormous health fair called CareNow. The free clinic will run through Sunday and expects to treat 5,000 patients. “A lot of what we see out here is preventable,” said Don Manelli, president of CareNow. Manelli said his goal was to meet the immediate needs of the patients but also to have an “enduring impact’ on their health to keep them from returning next year. Much of that, he said, is done by teaching them about healthy habits.
2 Comments
Good to see
I am so pleased to get this evidence of CareNow free health clinic that treats thousands patients. After ll I can say that their goal is to meet the immediate needs of the patients but also to have an “enduring impact’ on their health to keep healthy. Thanks and inform likeOracle Plots Acquisition Course
PeopleSoft is just the beginning: CEO Larry Ellison said Oracle's five-year roadmap for IT software domination will be paved with buyouts.Last.
David
Radicalizing, I would take out the “almost” before “abusrd”.
The rate of inflation is going to get out of control sooner or later. It’s ridiculous to think that the trillions of dollars that exist now are not going to come back in a form of inflation. I’m just waiting for that day so that I can sell my gold.
Gleichen:
Is you assumption that the quantity of money never falls explicit or implicit?
David:
You analysis seems to be of real business cycles. Nominal GDP stays on target, productivity declines, and inflation rises, and the real interest rate on hand-to-hand currency turns negative (or more negative.) Of course, existing contracts also have lower real rates too. Recovery is the opposite.
@David,
Interesting perspective, as always. I still sit somewhat on the fence, but your suggestion about changing inflation rates sounds very sensible to me. Why should the inflation target be fixed, when one would imagine that the target is to achieve/maintain full employment and modest inflation in a free society.
.”
It is just too bad Congress makes rules only to break them (aka Humphrey Hawkins act)
“The Act explicitly instructs the nation to strive toward four ultimate goals: full employment, growth in production, price stability, and balance of trade and budget.”.
5. Instructs the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve to transmit an Monetary Policy Report to the Congress twice a year outlining its monetary policy.
6. Requires the President to set numerical goals for the economy of the next fiscal year in the Economic Report of the President and to suggest policies that will achieve these goals.
7. Requires the Chairman of the Federal Reserve to connect the monetary policy with the Presidential economic policy.
Notice that maintaining a level of nominal GDP is not one of those goals.
“The inflation target, so far as I can tell – and I admit that I am not really up to date on these models – is generally left up to the free choice of the monetary authority.”
I wouldn’t say this. In the simplest NK models, there is an optimal inflation target: zero. This arises because nonzero inflation causes inefficient price dispersion. To some extent this captures the intuition that it’s “difficult to do business” in an environment where the price level is always changing—you have to manage your prices with expectations about the overall level in mind—but I’m not convinced it’s really so important. Nevertheless, it’s the one normative statement about inflation that pops almost axiomatically out of the basic NK framework.
If the model includes a non-infinitesimal role for base money, then the optimal inflation target lies somewhere between 0 and the deflationary Friedman rule value.
Finally, if the model includes the zero lower bound, along with a parametrization that causes the zero lower bound to be reached a nonnegligible fraction of the time under low inflation, the optimal inflation target may become positive. Its magnitude, however, differs substantially depending on your other assumptions about monetary policy. If you assume that monetary policy can follow some kind of near-optimal commitment rule once it finds itself at the zero lower bound, then the inflation target itself adds almost nothing. (Different assumptions along these lines, and also about the stochastic process pushing the economy into the zero lower bound, are one of the reasons why papers find very different implications of the zero lower bound for optimal inflation.)
The recent Handbook of Monetary Economics had a paper on the optimal rate of inflation by Schmitt-Grohe and Uribe, which outlines the basic issues pretty well but has a bad treatment (in my view) of the zero lower bound:
There are lots of other papers on the topic—it’s a huge literature. Here is one offering by Coibion, Gorodnichenko, and Wieland:
You might just want to look at Google Scholar’s “related papers” list for Schmitt-Grohe and Uribe:
Finally, on marginally related note, here is “Have we underestimated the likelihood and severity of zero lower bound events?” by Chung, Laforte, Reifschneider, and Williams from the San Francisco Fed:
Some good commentary regarding the treatments of the zero lower bound that we’ve traditionally seen in a lot of papers, like Schmitt-Grohe and Uribe’s..
Because
1. Sometimes inflation is good
2. Sometimes deflation is good
3. Sometimes many people deleverage at the same time
4. The economy should be robust to bubbles
Marcus, Well, I guess that makes me the conservative.
Tas, You could be right, but by paying interest on reserves, financed by selling the assets that they have purchased since the crisis, the Fed could keep all those dollars from going into circulation and causing inflation.
Bill, It’s consistent with a real business cycle, but it is also consistent with a monetary business cycle that induces a recession. Even a recession induced by monetary causes tends to depress the real interest rate once the economy slides into recession.
Julian, I agree.
Frank, Just because the Humphrey-Hawkins Act doesn’t mention targeting nominal GDP does not mean that targeting nominal GDP could not be the best way of achieving the goals explicitly set out by the Act. I also don’t think that it makes any sense for macroeconomic policy aim at equalizing imports and exports.
Matt, Thanks for that very useful survey, which triggered some memories of papers I have looked at previously but obviously not really absorbed very well. However, your discussion still leaves a basic disconnect between the notion that inflation expectations must anchored by an unvarying commitment to particular rate of inflation which seems to underlie the response by Bernanke that I quoted from his press conference when asked about Krugman’s charge that he had abandoned the position that he had taken when advising Japan in the 1990s.
Floccina, I agree with 1 and 2. I am not sure what 3 and 4 are adding.
“I also don’t think that it makes any sense for macroeconomic policy aim at equalizing imports and exports.”
Gross domestic product is made up of just a few parameters:
GDP = Business Investment + Personal Expenditures + Government Spending + (Exports – Imports)
If increasing the last term (Exports – Imports) makes no sense to you concerning macro-economic policy then why should increasing any of the terms make any sense to you?
“does not mean that targeting nominal GDP could not be the best way of achieving the goals explicitly set out by the Act”
And exactly how does targeting nominal GDP achieve any of the other four goals – balance of budget, full employment, price stability, and growth in production?
Or are you just not interested in a broad set of macroeconomic goals?
Frank, I am interested in a very broad set of goals, like nominal GDP. I want to target that not its composition between consumption spending, investment and the trade balance. I’ll leave that for consumers and businesses to work out.This
This Designcord item can also be referenced by the following color/finish specific model #:
- Designcord 80320
NA
*Discontinued model or finish
More Than Just a Store - Your Reasons to Shop
Discover the best online deals for the 80320."Jan. 10,1928. 1 1,655,599
I w. J. DOLAN, JR
FOOTBALL Filed June 21, 1923 WM /NVENT0R M W ATTORNE-XZ Ill) [ill
Patented Jan. 18,
WILLIAM J'. 'DOLAN, JR., 013 PEARL RIVEEQNEVI' YORK.
FOOTBALL.
Application filed June 21, 1923. Serial No. 646,869.
The invention relates to footballs and has for an object the provision of means whereby afoot ball may be tethered or held -aptive for practice kicking,
In the game of foot ball as at present developed, kicking the ball. plays a most unportant part, and in practice much time is spent in developing the skill of the ilayers in this feature of the game. A great deal of valuable time, however, wasted because of the necessity for retrieving the ball after it has been. kicked. In practicing drop kicking, for example, the player, who holds the ball in a suitable position before him, after dropping and kicking the ball, must either retrieve it himself, or the services of another person must he enlisted for that purpose. To avoid this waste of time on the part of the player or the employment of the services of extra people to retrieve the ball, the in vention contemplates the provision of ineai'is,
for tethering the ball, or holding it captive, so that the player may place it in any dc sired position with relation to his bo said tethering means to be of such a natli M the ball, after its flight has been arrested will be returned to position near the player.
The invention consists in the novel inl provements, combinations and features of construction herein shown and described.
In the accompanying drawing is shown a preferred embodiment of the invention, the same illustratingthe principles by which the i mention is carried ,into effect.
()f the drawing Fig. l a front View partly inprrspe tire, parts being broken away, and shows a. foot ball and. tether made in accordance with the invention, the tether being on Wed at one end to a bar between the u n'ighis of goal posts, and the ball. being shown in a.
position in which it would be held by the player for a drop kick, and'facing in the direction of its proposed flight;
Pig. 2 is a side view of the same with the ball. in position on the ground;
Fig. 3 is a front View of the ball, showing; certain parts thereof in open or spread. position.
Referring now in detail to the drawing, there is illustrated a preferred embodiment of the invention, the same, as shown, com prising a foot ball 4 of of unusual construe tion. having an outer covering of four sections fastened together, there being added thereto means by which the ball may be engaged with a tether and held captive. While said means may be constructed in various ways, preferably they should be of such nature as'to distribute throughout the body of the ball the SllOCK caused by the tcthers arrest of the flight of the ball when kicked. y
In the embodiment of the invention shown in the drawings, therefore, said means co n'n prise a pair of flaps or. wings 6 extending from the body of the ball. Each wing an, integral part of a section of the cover and is a continuation thereof, being formed by and extending from the seam 7 where the section issewn to its adjoining section. Each wing, also, and as shown, is at the said seam 7 co-cxtensive in length, with the section of which it forms an integral part. Furthermore, each wing 6 is preferably made narrow at one end and graduallyv increased in width to the other end where it is formed. with an orifice 8 at a point where it approaches the The leather or fabric surroumlneg the orifice 1s reenforced by a metal eyeother wing.
throughout the body of the ball. Also,,def-
ormation of the ball is avoided, the usual outer surface of the ball preserved, and interference with handling, the ball is avoided.
Means are provided for teiiherimr the ball.
and while the ball may be tethered to any suitable standard or siiipport, as illustrated, the ball is shown as tethered to the cr ss bar 11 of a pair of goal posts 12. lfreiferziibly, also, the tether should be of an elastic nature so that when the ball is kicked, the sudden shock, above referred to, caused by the arrest of the flight of the ball by the tether maybe taken up in part by the stretching or giving of the tether, in this way undue wear of the ".all and tether being avoided. In the embodiment ofthe invention illustrated, therefore, the tether is shown as being made of a strap 13 having in one portion of its extent, preferably at one end, a spring 1& of suitable size and strength. The tether is also provided at one end with a clasp 16 which engages, as shown, the pierced ends of the creased.
Wings 6, and at the other end With a clasp 17 Which engages a hook 18 fastened to the cross bar 11.
It is to be noted that in the game of foot ball as now commonly played, there are several accepted methods of kicking, including printing, place kicking, and drop'kicking. In placement kicking the ball is usually held end up on the ground at a slight angle from the perpendicular, and in drop kicking this angle is somewhat in- To permit placement and drop kicking, therefore, the tether is made ot a length preferably exceeding the distance between'the cross bar lland the ground, and
may be made longer, as desired. 'This greater length of the tether, also, will permit tree dropping of the ball by the player so that in practicing drop kicking he must depend upon his oWn skill to place the ball in the proper position at an angle from the perpendicular. Furthermore, this greater length of the tether will provide suilicient slack to tlllOWtllQbElll to take a natural flight, when kicked for the purpose of ascertaining the accuracy of the kick. It will be seen, also, that by locating the orifices in the positions in the respective Wings, as described, the center of gravity of the ball need not be allected by the Weight of the slack of the tether. For example, When the ball is dropped for a drop kick, the tether Will not prevent the ball striking the ground in the position intended, as clearly shown in Fig. 2. Also, the tether will not affect the proper use of the ball in the other styles of kicking.
It Will be seen that a foot ball and tether constructed in accordance With the invention, as described, Will carry outthe objects of. the invention, as set forth, and Will permit a player to become more quickly proficient in kickmg because of permitting concentrat-ion of practice, that is, performing a great-- lye increased number of kicks in a given interval of time. Other advantages will be apparent to those skilled in the art.
Many changes may be made in the details of the invention without departing from the main principles thereof, and without sacrificing its chief advantages.
I claim:
l. The combination of a players foot ball, and an elastic tether attached at one end to said ball and at the other end to a point of anchorage, said tether being oil such length that said ball While held captive may be kicked by the player for practice purposes as it entirely free.
2'. The combination of a players toot ball and an elastic tether attached at one end to said ball and at the other end to a point of suspension above, said tether being of such length that said ball While held captive may be kicked by the player for practice purposes as it entirely free.
The combination of a players foot ball, and an elastic tether attached at one end to said ball and at the other end to a point of anchorage adjacent the kicking point, said tether being of such length that said ball While held captive may be kicked by a player forpractice purposes asit entirely free.
i. The combination oi a players football, and an elastic tether attached at one end to said ball and at the other end to a point of suspension above, said tether being of a greater length than the distance from said point of suspension to the kicking point so that said ball While held captive may be kicked by the player for practice purposes as it entirely free.
In testimony whereof, I have affixed my signature hereto.
WILLIAM J. Dorian, JR.Uh oh! Remember back in November 2009 when Justin Bieber had an appearance at the Roosevelt Mall and it got a bit out of hand?
Well now Justin’s manager, Scooter Braun, is being arrested on two misdemeanor charges:
– Reckless Endangerment
– Obstruction of Governmental Administration
Scooter turned himself into the police today.
Before the event even got started a police officer asked Scooter to post a message to Twitter, in an attempt to avoid the riot that was taking place. Scooter posted the following on Justin’s Twitter:
.”
Yikes! We hope everything works out!
IMG Credit: Fame PicturesMicrotus pennsylvanicus
The meadow vole is a small, dark brown rodent that is common in grassy marshes throughout the Chesapeake Bay region.
The meadow vole has rich, dark brown fur with grayish or pale brown underparts. Its long, furry tail can be 2.5 inches in length. It has small ears and dark brown feet. These voles grow to 6 inches long and usually weigh about 1.5 ounces.
Meadow voles live in fresh, brackish and salt marshes and are active both at night and during the day.
Found throughout the Chesapeake Bay watershed. The meadow vole stays within a home range that varies in size depending on sex: males’ home ranges are three times larger than females’. Females’ home ranges do not overlap with other females’, but males’ home ranges can overlap.
The meadow vole is an herbivore that feeds on the leaves, stems, roots and seeds of wetland grasses, sedges and rushes. In winter, it switches to eating tree bark and roots. It has been known to be cannibalistic, especially on young voles. Meadow voles eat 60 percent of their body weight each day. They create narrow “runways” through the marsh grass as they eats their way along a path and run back and forth along that path.
Owls, hawks, snakes, weasels and red foxes feed on voles, who hide from predators in burrows and tunnels. They can become aggressive when trapped.
Voles use vocalizations primarily when trying to defend themselves against predators.
Breeding occurs year-round. Females begin mating within 25 days of birth. Males mate when they are 45 days old. Voles nest in a depression within marsh grasses or below ground in burrows. Females have several litters each year, with a typical litter size of 2 to 3 but as large as nine. Young are born blind, naked and helpless. The female cares for her young for about two weeks until they are weaned. Meadow voles usually live no longer than one year.
Click tabs to swap between type and habitat.Weighting informativeness of bag-of-visual-words by Kernel optimization for video concept detection
VLS-MCMR 2010, International Workshop on Very-Large-Scale Multimedia Corpus, Mining and Retrieval, 29 October 2010, Florence, Italy
Bag-of-Visual-Words (BoW) feature has been demonstrated e®ective and widely used in video concept detection due to its discriminative ability by capturing the local information in images. In the current approaches, all the words in the visual vocabulary are treated equally for the detection of dif- ferent concepts. This cannot highlight the concept-speci¯c visual information, and thus limits the discriminative ability of BoW feature. In this paper, we propose an approach to boost the performance of video concept detection based on BoW. This is achieved by assigning di®erent weights to the visual words according to their informativeness for the de- tection of di®erent concepts. Kernel alignment score (KAS) is used to measure the discriminative ability of SVM kernels, and the visual words are weighted as a kernel optimization problem. We show that the SVMs based on weighted visual words with our approach outperform the uniformly weight- ing and TF-IDF weighting schemes, and the MAP for the 20 concepts from TRECVID 2009 high-level feature extraction is signi¯cantly improved.
Permalink:Lower Your Taxes Next Year With Conservation Easements
(Conservation Currents, Northern Virginia Soil and Water Conservation District, May 2002)
Landowners in Northern Virginia can save a bundle on taxes next year by being good environmental citizens and donating conservation easements on their properties to land trusts like the Northern Virginia Conservation Trust (NVCT).
Conservation easements are the most widely used land protection tool available to landowners to permanently protect their land and still retain ownership. Easements are flexible and easily tailored to meet a landowner’s needs by allowing the landowner to be involved in identifying specific permitted uses of the property such as residential, recreational, agricultural, forestry, and other open space uses. Easements limit certain activities such as development and industrial and commercial uses of the property.
Financial benefits of donating a conservation easement:
- The donation of a conservation easement to the Trust often qualifies as a charitable contribution, which may entitle the donor to an income tax deduction for the easement value. The value of this type of charitable contribution is based on an assessment of the land value before the conservation easement is in place and then the value afterwards. The difference between the two appraisals is considered the value of the conservation easement.
- In Virginia, landowners can benefit from a state income tax credit equal to 50% of the value of the easement, capped at $100,000 per year. Income tax benefits, both federal and state, can be carried forward for up to five years.
- Estate and property tax reductions may also result from the donation. In light of recent increases in property tax assessments, landowners could potentially save significant amounts of money through conservation easements.
- Conservation easements are designed to conserve the important resource values of each property. An easement may cover portions of a property or the entire parcel. It is legally binding on all future owners and will be monitored and enforced by the Trust.
The Northern Virginia Conservation Trust is a non-profit land trust founded in 1994 to preserve and enhance the natural and historic resources of Northern Virginia. NVCT has preserved almost 600 acres in Northern Virginia through easements and land acquisition.
For more information, visit, or call 703-354-5093.Garden swings for children will provide your child with hours of endless fun, as well as encouraging them to be active and play outdoors, which is something we all want as parents, isn’t it?
What are the advantages of garden swings for children?
It seems so easy these days for children to be glued to the TV or their computer screen, so anything which encourages children to exercise and enjoy the fresh air should be a welcome addition to any garden. Garden swings are popular with children of all ages and can be a great way to entice them outside, into the garden.
The fun of swinging, whether it’s high or low, fast or slow, can be enjoyed by people of all ages, from babies to grandparents – it’s one of those things that we all seem to love and never grow out of.
It’s easy to understand why swings are usually the most popular pieces of play equipment at the park and there’s always a queue of eager little faces, excitedly waiting their turn. When you decide to buy your child their own swing, it will mean they no longer have to queue to use them at the park, as they will have their very own at home, which they can use any time.
What age groups are garden swings for children suitable for?
Garden swings are available for all age groups, from babies and toddlers, through to older children and even adults. They also come in a wide choice of sizes and designs, so it’s easy to find one which is suitable for the age of your child, the space you have available and your budget.
You can also buy swings with other attachments as well, to vary the fun and opportunities for youngsters. For example, there are sets with different types of swing attachment, as well as things like slides or climbing frames for a complete outdoor activity centre.
Click here to see the widest choice of garden swings for children.Meet and Communicate with Fun Singles Near You on BlackSingles.com
Register now to search thousands of members and post your FREE profile!
See who's on BlackSingles.com:
119952275
i cannot really talk about me. i would choose all the good things that someone could say about someone else to describe myself but i wo...
119952275 is a 30yr-old single man in Manheim, PennsylvaniaView Profile
shamrock7A55
Professional, fun seeking male with a golden heart! Very outgoing and crazy sense of humor!
shamrock7A55 is a 43yr-old single man in Manheim, PennsylvaniaView ProfileBe a Lomography Quiz Whiz And Earn Vouchers!2 Share Tweet
Who's up for a challenge? If you haven't heard already, the Lomography Quiz Week is currently ongoing. It's super easy to join, all you need to do is log in to your LomoHome to play and answer a few questions!
So what’s in it for you? Answer all 3 questions correctly and you’ll win a voucher code that you can use in the Online Shop. More good news: you can play the Quiz as many times as you like! You’ll be shown different sets of questions, so try your luck and have fun!
Ready to play?
- Login to your LomoHome.
- Go to the Lomography site; you’ll find the 3 questions on the landing page.
It’s that easy!
Don’t have an account yet? Register now!
written by shhquiet on 2012-06-30 in #news #quiz #rumble #discount #lomography-quiz-weekSo this is it. My 30th and final month in country. Time flies.
For those of you who’ve read the earlier posts, you know that I’ve extended my standard two-year contract to finish up with my Form VI curriculum, and this still holds true: I’ll technically be officially closing my service in mid-March, and, as I write this, my Form VI kids have already begun leaving school (my Form V students, however, will be finishing their term in May due to a last-minute change by the Ministry… oops). Regardless, most of my March time will be spent traveling with family and going through all the standard check-out procedures, and so I wouldn’t really count it as service. This month, February, will be my last month at site, and I will be leaving Songea forever (or at least for the foreseeable future) in less than a week. It’s kind of crazy to think about.
So, as with the end of all two-years-of-my-life-down-the-drain experiences, I am now faced with the obligatory existential quandaries that often haunt the COS-ing Peace Corps volunteer: Where am I in my life now? Have two years in service changed me as a person? Have I been faithfully upholding the three goals of Peace Corps? Have I been particularly helpful or useful to my coworkers or students? Did I empower my students to succeed in life and become productive members of society? Have I actually made a difference here?
My succinct, holistic, and entirely unsatisfying answer to these questions: Eh… maybe.
I dunno… It’s tough to really put a finger on what you do here in Peace Corps Tanzania. You show up to work, you teach people, you make connections, you forge friendships, you set up projects, you try to be helpful wherever you can, you try to embrace the local culture while subtly injecting some of your own, you try to make everything you’ve created in the past two years somewhat sustainable after you’re finished… but, in the end, the effects and rewards of your work are all kind of a toss-up. I know one volunteer who was all about starting new projects in her village (and I have the crumbly bars of soap to prove it), and while I’m sure her villagers appreciated her efforts at the time, they still largely remember her as the mzungu who once carried her dog in her arms like a baby. I know another guy who was a good volunteer in his village, but he’s now much more remembered as the “guy who could drink a lot” than the “guy who introduced reforestry and irrigation as viable means of income generation.” What you do here and what you’re remembered for (and, by extension, how long your legacy lasts after you leave) are often different things, and it’s something that you just have to deal with at the end of service.
Of course, this begs the question: How will I be remembered? Songea Boys’ is not your run-of-the-mill Tanzanian village---it’s the magnet A-level all-boys school in the Ruvuma region, and I’m part of a long lineage of Peace Corps volunteers dating all the way back to the 1960s (i.e., when Peace Corps was first founded). What have I achieved in my time here? How have I distinguished myself from the men and women who’ve served at this school in the past, many of whom were dealing with much greater hardships than I was? Sure, I teach my physics students about LEDs, but there was an American guy from my organization teaching here before LEDs even existed---and he’s not even remembered here. Those are some big shoes to fill, and I really can’t say if my service transcends the ordinary, or if it even achieves the distinction of “average Peace Corps service.” All I can really say was that my service was my service: I can’t impartially and totally assess if it was truly remarkable or decidedly unremarkable; if was life-changing or mundane; or if it was worthwhile or a waste of time. It just kind of happened, and here I am, at the end of it.
So yeah, exactly how will I be remembered? I can only speculate. I can tell you, though, how I want to be remembered:
As that curmudgeonly, standoffish, and somewhat dirty American who nonetheless got up every morning, went to class, and proceeded to systematically jam physics and biology down the throats of 500+ of the nation’s aspiring youth for two years. And who, though times got rough, found in his work a sense a purpose, and who ultimately wanted nothing but to have his students succeed.
How’s that for a Peace Corps success story blurb?
It’s funny… when I think back to two years ago---when I was deep in the highly-regimented, quasi-suffocating womb of Pre-Service Training in Morogoro---I don’t really recall much of what I theoretically learned there, Kiswahili notwithstanding. Sure, I remember staying with my awesome homestay family, having fun with hands-on science demonstrations, and scrimping every measly 100/= piece I could find to save for my weekly beer with the other trainees, but I don’t really remember any of the official, PC Washington-mandated lessons that were ostensibly taught to us during that period. In truth, most of that stuff was just a blur of small-group work and flipchart paper interspersed with the occasional half-hearted skit about cultural differences---none of which appealed to my typical ADD sensibilities---so I usually just tuned out most of it, intentionally or otherwise. As anyone can tell you, I am not always the best listener.
There was, however, one thing that truly stuck to me during those formative PST days, and it has since played a considerable role in giving my service meaning---the so-called “Three Pillars of Education” concept of Peace Corps-based instruction. Basically, PC HQ states that a Peace Corps ED volunteer’s service should be a three-pronged attack to improve all facets of public school education in a given community: empowering students to take the initiative and succeed on their national examinations, inspiring teachers to go back to the classroom and employ exciting new teaching techniques, and encouraging parents to play an active role in their children’s future by getting involved in school life. Only by improving all three pillars of education can one effect lasting, sustainable development in both the school and the community at large, and only through this sort of grassroots, volunteer-driven aid work can one bring about progress and positive change in the country as a whole.
Well, that’s all well and good. But now it’s two years later, I’ve had time to think about who I am now and what my service has been like, and I’m adding a slightly more fine-tuned corollary to the “Three Pillars of Education” mantra:
Pick one focus, stick with it, and let that be the guiding light of your service---the reason you get up in the morning, the reason you go to bed at night, the sole motivating factor that keeps you working in country and not back home in America.
I chose students.
Again, it’s not as if I hate the teachers here---despite our numerous ideological clashes and fundamental cultural disparities, they’re still nice people who’ve been extremely accepting and accommodating to me during my tenure in Tanzania. It’s just that, over my two years here, I’ve noticed that I have made virtually zero investment of energy in improving my school in any way, shape, or form. I haven’t made any attempt to talk to my teachers about their teaching methods (save for occasionally butting heads with our new A-level biology teacher, as I’ve already detailed in this blog), I haven’t tried to modify or introduce new extracurricular activities, and I haven’t once considered getting grant money to, say, improve the school’s facilities, like building a new library or getting some of the classroom/laboratory windows fixed.
Much of this is due to the fact that---as much as I bitch about my school---it’s actually still pretty well-off as Tanzanian schools go (it consistently ranks right in the middle of the country’s A-level institutions), and therefore it doesn’t really need a lot of my help, comparatively speaking: much of what makes an A-level school good in this country is the self-selecting process of having naturally good students in the roster so that, when the time comes, the students will self-motivate even without teachers and score passing grades (~20%) on the NECTA final. Moreover, since I’m working at an A-level school and most of the teachers here are career teachers (and thus make me look some young upstart by comparison), I’ve never really had enough (or any) clout here to effect significant change in the way the school is run. In other words, there’s a sort of entrenched intransigence at Songea Boys’ that has made it difficult for me to conduct a more project-oriented service (like the health/environment volunteers) over the past two years. As much as I hate to admit it, in reality, my role here has been more akin to that of a guest professor. Or a magical physics unicorn.
Thus, it’s always been easier to turn my attention to the students, rather than the institution or the teachers. Granted, my students don’t always show up on time and they don’t always listen, but when I finally jam all 180 of them in the big lecture hall and they’re all sitting down quietly, they are MINE. I OWN them. I can say and do whatever the hell I want and no one can stop me. I can blather on about physics and biology all day, and I know that, despite their best efforts, my kids can’t block it all out; some of what I say or do inexorably sinks in. And when it sinks in, it sticks: I imagine it’s hard for a young African man to forget a white guy yelling science at him for two years. And even if, at the end of all this, he still has no idea what the hell physics is or how the scientific method works, he’ll at least remember that he was taught physics by some over-enthusiastic mzungu with the best intentions, and that, in and of itself, has some merit.
Again, I don’t know if I’ve truly had any lasting impact in Tanzania, but if I’ve ever effected any positive change in the past two years, THAT is how I’ve done it---not by hanging out in Songea town, not by schmoozing the village, not by starting projects in my school, and not by having quasi-philosophical discussions with my sophist teachers---but rather by giving authentic, informative, and impassioned lectures in the classroom. And that is something I can take home with me.
Interestingly, this attitude has already yielded some tangible results: on this year’s mock NECTA examinations in October, my Form VI students scored substantially higher in biology than they had in previous years, with a high-D average (~35-40%). Not only is this pretty good for Songea Boys’, but it’s pretty good for anywhere, especially for Tanzanian public schools. Granted, I’ve tried about five times as hard to get my kids to learn physics (and, as far as that goes, my students are still languishing in the doldrums of mediocrity), but, goddammit, getting high marks in biology is something. If I must rationalize (and I must), the lack of improvement in physics could be attributable to a much more deep-seated issue in the TZ educational system---either with respect to the institution itself or Tanzanian attitudes towards education in general---and not just my shitty teaching (although I can’t say I’m entirely blameless). But, in the end, I guess it just goes to show that the project you’re most passionate about isn’t necessarily the one that makes a difference in country, and you gotta take the small victories when you can get them.
Of course, all this discussion neglects one of the most important COS questions: namely, how Tanzania has affected ME. Folks always say that the volunteer is the biggest product of his or her service, and given that I’m a young man in his twenties who just spent 30 months of his still-formative years in a foreign country, I’d be surprised if I haven’t changed a bit over my time here. Unfortunately, given that I haven’t seen any family or home friends (save for one brief surprise/exception) for the duration of my stay in TZ, I don’t have any real basis for comparison aside from how I think I’ve changed. I mean, I know I’ve changed---you can’t really go through two years of Africa without seeing or doing things you never imagined yourself seeing or doing, and that undoubtedly affects you for better or worse---but exactly how I’ve changed… well, I guess that’s something that the home people will have to find out for themselves.
That being said, there are a few things I’ve been able to pick up on that are a little different about me. For one, I can finally take care of myself. I can cook, clean, and garden like never before. I have been repeatedly educated about the harsh truths of single living: if I don’t plan ahead and bring enough food home before nightfall, then I will starve, QED. I’ve learned how to do a bunch of grown-up stuff, like be responsible, or not be late to things, or ensure that I consume a modicum of basic nutrition each day. Shockingly (and definitely a surefire sign that I’m at least maturing a little bit), I have yet to miss a bus in country, and I’ve even done stuff like organize out-of-schedule meetings/classes/labs with groups of both faculty and students (routinely, no less)---something I never really did back home (in my past few jobs, I was always much more of an underling and thus didn’t take much organizational initiative). As a result, I can consider all these things as signs of positive change in my life: I feel I’ve become a much more secure, well-rounded person overall.
On the flipside, however, I’ve found that 30 months in Tanzania has had a noticeable effect on my personality, which, admittedly, has become a bit more… volatile. Indeed, over the past two years, much I what I’ve thought, said, or done in country has had a sort of increased acuteness about it, and much of the comparative indifference and mellowness of my post-baccalaureate ennui has evaporated in favor of egotism and severity. Put in plain English, acting on impulses has become much easier for me in country, and former obstacles such as “consequences” and “other people’s feelings” have become much less burdensome to my psyche. Perhaps this is due to the fact that, in Tanzania, you really do need to take care of yourself---it’s not as if anyone is going to come save your ass if you get into trouble or get screwed---and that combined with consistent, relentless ostracism from the locals pushes you into a sort of survival, lone-wolf, me-versus-everyone mindset that keeps you on edge (and a little pissed off) at all times.
I'll admit, in some ways, this sort of hot-bloodedness can be advantageous: I can take charge of a situation more quickly and react more readily to potential problems than I used to back home. On the other hand, though, there are drawbacks as well: I’ve become vastly more opinionated, and most of my preexisting views have since polarized themselves into deep, caustic cynicisms… many of which, incidentally, I have no problem sharing with those around me (some might even classify me as an “asshole” at times). In no way have I turned into a nihilistic defeatist, nor have I become a rage-addled sociopath, but I do have much more of a temper than I ever did back in the States, and my tolerance for all the trifling little inadequacies that make up life in Tanzania has worn down to almost nothing. I’m confident this effect will ebb somewhat when I return to America---I’m pretty sure a lot of this smoldering disgruntlement is just pent-up frustration over having not been home in two-and-a-half years---but I don’t know if it will ever quite leave me. It’s kind of like the first time you get in a fight: you can watch all the boxing and cage fighting in the world, but until you get punched in the face, you never really know how you’ll react. And when it’s done---win or lose, for better or for worse---you’ll never forget the split second of intense bitterness you felt in that moment, and that stays with you for a lifetime.
Again, though, please remember that I’m not saying any of this to be particularly morbid or fatalistic… I just think I’ve run my course in Tanzania. People do things for a while, get tired, and then move on to something else; I’m no different. And I can say with utter conviction that when I am finally home, and I’ve hung out with all my friends and family, and all the parties and celebrations are over, and I’ve finally moved on with my life… I will miss Tanzania. A lot. And that’s just kind of how life goes.
So, how can I summarize? Peace Corps was something else. Tanzania was something else. Teaching my students was something else. Pontificating with my teachers was something else. Hanging out with my fellow PCVs was something else. Living by myself was something else. Everything I’ve experienced for the past 30 months was something else, and all I can do is mash it all together into one enormous, ineffable morass of stories, memories, and life events that I will henceforth pithily refer to as my “Peace Corps experience.” I figure that’s the best coping mechanism I’ve got. It’ll do for now, at least.
Glad you're coming home Paul. I know exactly how you're feeling right now. I can't imagine not having come back to the States for 2 and half years. Its gonna be different. Let me know if you're heading back to DC and wanna meet up. Enjoy your last month! :-)Forget All Your Troubles, Forget All Your Cares and Bike Downtown
Is the economy getting you down? Pollution? West Nile virus? It matters not I've got my bike outside! You too can achieve a similar louche Zen peace when you take your bike on the Folk Art Bike Ride: In and Around Downtown, a happening arranged by the good folk of Folk Art Everywhere, sponsored by the Craft and Folk Art Museum. This seven-mile round-trip excursion parallels the Gold Line and promises a magical mystery tour of the "art, neighborhoods, and unique gathering spots in and around downtown L.A.," a place that's changed inescapably over just the past five years. Multiple stops with guest speakers holding forth on the stories behind the places ensure that you won't get cramps over seven long miles of uneven terrain. The tour ends at sausage grindhaus Wurstküche, but unlike the bike ride, the beer and brats aren't free by then, you'll be so hungry that it won't matter. Mariachi Plaza at the northeast corner of East First Street and South Boyle Avenue, downtown; Sun., Sept., 25, 11 a.m.; free, resv. required. (323) 937-4230, rsvp@cafam.org. cafam.org.
Sun., Sept. 25, 11 a.m., 2011- KCII Radio - -
Lone Tree Hosts IMS in Top-10 Clash
Posted By News On @ 9:13 am In Today's Local Sports | Comments Disabled
Lone Tree, IA – Seventh-ranked IMS travels to #10 Lone Tree tonight in a boys’ 1A top-10 meeting.
The Lions look to remain perfect this season while IMS tries to get back to their winning ways following their loss at Washington Saturday. Lone Tree head coach Tom Squires says his squad is ready for the challenge.
“They’re a great defensive team, they’re well coached, they’ve got great tradition. We have to have a great effort to win this one tonight even though it’s at our place. It’s going to be a great high school basketball game, a great atmosphere and I think our kids are ready.”
The Lions will try to slow IMS’ leading scorer Peyton Thompson who averages 15 points a night while IMS hopes to contain Bryan Forbes who’s scoring at a 19 point-per-game clip for Lone Tree.
-30-
Article printed from KCII Radio:
URL to article:JFECC – Wind Power Farm Construction Developer Airport Lighting.
Wind power, which is one of the most renewable energy sources known to man, is harnessed through wind turbines in wind farms. Pattern Energy Group LP has begun construction on the Spring Valley wind project, located on public lands in Nevada. Wind Farm Construction—What Does it Take? Wind Farm Design and Construction 2010, iqpc Wind Farm Development, Design Construction. The 300-MW Thanet Offshore Wind Farm, off England’s south east coast, is complete after two years of construction. BP Wind Energy announced today that it has moved into full construction of phase one of the Titan Wind Farm in Hand County, South Dakota.
White Construction | Wind.
Ohio Power Siting Board approves construction of Champaign County wind farm. Begins construction of the first wind farm developed by Gamesa Energía in China together with Guangdong Nuclear as Chinese partner. Edison Mission Energy has begun construction of its 10th wind project in Minnesota, the 30-MW Community Wind North project in the southwestern part of the state.
W.Va. wind farm construction completed.
High Trail Wind Farm, LLC. Phone: (713) 265-0350. Crestline Construction Company, based in The Dalles, Oregon, is a general contractor specializing in site preparation, utilities, excavation, and road construction. Construction Phase to Generate Jobs and Stimulate Economy in Roger Mills County, Oklahoma. A wind farm is a group of wind turbines in the same location used to produce electric power. Juhl Wind, Inc. Begins Construction on $40 Million Grant County Wind Farm. Hartland Wind Farm LLC (“Hartland”) is dedicated to innovation and responsibility as it leads America toward energy independence.
Kansas Department of Commerce – Official Website – Kansas Wind.
Crestline Construction Company, based in The Dalles, Oregon, is a general contractor specializing in site preparation, utilities, excavation, and road construction. Wind power company Invenergy has signed up Connecticut-based Gemma Renewable Power as its construction partner for a 200-megawatt wind farm in northwest Illinois. One of Mortenson’s greatest strengths as a renewable energy contractor is the remarkable safety, quality and efficiency with which every project is managed. The largest utility scale wind turbine project in Africa is finally set to begin construction in Kenya this year.
UPWIND SOLUTIONS IS WIND POWER | WIND ENERGY | WIND TURBINES.
WIND POWER . White Construction was one of the pioneering companies in the early days of Wind Farm Construction in North America. UpWind Solutions is a wind power company that specializes in renewable wind energy specifically for large-scale wind farms and wind turbines. Renewable Development, Engineering and Construction. Prepare to learn about a different kind of construction company. Wind farms in New Zealand New Zealand has 16 wind farms either operating or under construction.
Pattern Energy Begins Construction on Nevada's First Wind Farm.
wind turbine There are some 700 million people in Africa without access to electricity. As the continent modernizes, those people will need power. Renewable Energy Series Before 2009, we saw tremendous growth in wind energy development in the United States. Pattern Energy Begins Construction on Nevada's First Wind Farm. Spring Valley Wind Will Create 225 Jobs and Generate Enough Clean Energy to Power 45,000 homes. Construction is now 60 per cent complete on the first phase of Barrick Gold’s Punta Colorada wind farm in Chile.
Wind Farm Construction—What Does it Take? – By Mark Burlingame.
Geograph Britain and Ireland is a web based project to collect and reference geographically representative images of every square kilometre of the British Isles. Offshore Wind Farms: Construction Installation 2011.Emanuele Giaccherini has praised Juventus boss Antonio Conte for making his move to Sunderland possible.
The Italian international has completed a €7.5m transfer to the English club today after a couple of successful seasons in Turin.
“I thank Coach Conte who gave me the opportunity to emerge in these two years, to get to where I have arrived,” the versatile midfielder told Sky Sport Italia.
“I think most of the credit for that belongs to him. I thank him and I’ll do that over the telephone too.”
Having relied on Conte over the last 24 months, the former Cesena man has underlined how vital Sunderland boss Paolo Di Canio will be for him in the future.
“I spoke with Di Canio yesterday and I think he will be fundamental for me seeing as I don’t know the language very well,” he added.
“I’m feeling some beautiful sensations. I arrive here with great enthusiasm, a desire to do well, to start again. This is a wonderful adventure.
“The Premiership is the most beautiful in the world so it will be wonderful and exciting. I’ll try to give my best.”
Giaccherini is hoping to immediately settle into his new surroundings given that Brazil 2014 is on the horizon.
“I’ve reached the national side and I want to keep a tight grip on that. Hopefully this new adventure will push me to get to the World Cup.”
Think you know your Italian football? Share your knowledge, tips and comments to win cash prizes in OLBG's tipster competition - £11,000 to be won monthly!Brit Hotel Plaisance, Narbonne
- Free WiFi and free parking
Main amenities
- 41 guestrooms
- Breakfast available
- Terrace
- 24-hour front desk
- Coffee/tea in the lobby
- Air conditioning
- Daily housekeeping
- Front desk safe
- Multilingual staff
- Free newspapers in the lobby
- Tour/ticket assistance)
- Reserve Africaine Sigean (8.5 mi / 13.6 km)
We recommand it
This was a hotel on the outside of town with easy access to highways. The free WiFi was…
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 866-539-8117from $55
- Triple Room
- Standard Double or Twin Room
- Standard Double Room
Recommended hotels
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 41 rooms
- This hotel is arranged over 1 floor
Arriving/leaving
- Check-in time starts at 2 PM
Required at check in
- Credit card or cash deposit required
- Government-issued photo ID required
Travelling with others
Pets
- Pets allowed *
Internet
- Free WiFi in public areas
- Free WiFi in rooms
Nearby Two Star Narbonne hotels
In the hotel
- Buffet breakfast daily (surcharge)
- Coffee/tea in the lobby
- Hiking/biking trails nearby
- 24-hour front desk
- Tours/ticket assistance
- Free newspapers in lobby
- Number of buildings/towers - 1
- Year Built 1985
- Safe-deposit box at front desk
- Terrace
- In-room accessibility
In the room
- Air conditioning
- Private bathroom
- Bathtub only
- Free toiletries
- Hair dryer
- LCD TV
- Cable/satellite TV channels
- Desk
- Free WiFi
- Phone
- Free bottled water
- Daily housekeeping
- Connecting/adjoining rooms available
Top Narbonne hotels
Recently reviewed hotels in Narbonne
- Hotel MucrinaFrom
"We recently stayed 4 nights at Hotel Mucrina and enjoyed the stay. Owners are very nice and helpful. Room was a great value. It was the off season and the hotel was very quiet…"Oct 20, 2014
- Hôtel ImpératorFrom
$72
"We had an excellent stay in the beautiful and easily accessible city of Beziers. Only issue was the small shower area."Oct 11, 2014
- Odalys Résidence Le NeptuneFrom
"For the price it costs to stay here you really can't beat it. It is right on a lovely soft sand beach and two minutes walk from a large choice of restaurants & bars etc. Our room…"Jul 9, 2014
- Will's HotelFrom
"Very comfortable and the owners couldn't be nicer. Room was big enough to spread out and comfortable. Very short walk to the train making it very convenient. Only "con" was that…"Mar 27, 2014
Nearby hotels
Brit Hotel Plaisance, Narbonne’s small print
Also known as
- Narbonne Brit Hotel Plaisance
- Brit Hotel Narbonne
- Brit Hotel Plaisance
- Brit Hotel Plaisance Narbon 7.20 for adults and EUR 4.80 for children (approximately)
Cribs/Infant beds are available for EUR 5 per night
Pets are allowed for an extra charge of EUR 6 per stay
We have included all charges provided to us by this hotel. However, charges can vary, for example, based on length of stay or the room you book.
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell usI started shopping for a down jacket recently and came across a strong review here on BPL for the Ascent Sector. It's currently on clearance for $109.98 on the website. They only have small and medium listed, but after a few emails with customer service I found a large at a store that took my order over the phone. Shipping was $8.99 so the total price was under $120 for a full featured, sub 13 ounce down jacket with 4.5 ounces of 800 fill down. Link to the jacket online is here
You must login to post.
MEMBERSHIP IS REQUIRED TO POST: You must be a Forum, Annual or Lifetime Member to post messages in the backpackinglight.com forums.
SUBSCRIBE NOW »Microsoft Sculpt Ergonomic Desktop Set
More Info
Logitech Ultrathin White Keyboard Cover for iPad®
Logitech Mobile Speakerphone P710e
Unleash iPad productivity… and look good doing it!
HD Video On The Go
Delivers a brilliant typing experience—day or night!
The sharpest way for professionals to meet face to face – without leaving the desk
Put yourself on the widescreen
Video conferencing for the anywhere office!
Designed for UC business professionals using a softphone via a PC.
Now Only : $261.00
Now Only : $202.50
Now Only : $546.75
Now Only : $399.95
2009 Subaru Legacy 2.5i 4dr Sedan AWD (2.5L 4cyl 5M)
I've had my Legacy for 1 year now and just love it. It's fun to drive and gets excellent highway miles. My first not a mom car...but it's a really cool grandma car. Whenever I mentioned wanting to get a Subaru to anyone they always had good things to say about them whereas when I'd mention possibly getting a different car they always had a nice car but... answers. We have owned 2 previous used Subaru's in the past and have gotten almost 300,000 miles on them. Expect to get many dependable years from my Legacy.
Love the moon roof. Stereo sounds great...especially with the windows open. Sporty styling yet I can still haul 5 people when needed. Handles great. Love the fold down seats for extra hauling. We use ski pass to haul our fishing poles.
Headrests a little uncomfortable. Tire inflation light comes on when temperature is cold outside. A bit small on space compared to other cars of similar size. Big Hazard light button on dash on passenger side...why? Light colored seats with built in airbags...can't use seat covers. Big clunky.Tag Archives: ufc news
“Yeah, we do want to bring Gilbert Melendez over, and we’re looking at it right…
“You know one of the things I respect about the kid? He’s got a broken…
This past weekend the UFC proved that they can enter a new market and set…
It was an action-packed start to the Bellator Heavyweight Tournament as eight heavy hitters lined…
MAIN CARD: Dominick Cruz def. Demetrious Johnson via unanimous decision (50-45, 49-46, 50-45) – to…
“I signed with the UFC! I’m very excited to be a part of the UFC…
Former UFC middleweights Kendall Grove and Jay Silva have been slotted to face off at…
The UFC held the pre-fight media conference call for UFC 136 today and as always,…
MAIN CARD: (MTV2) Neil Grove (265.5) vs. Mike Hayes (228) Blagoi Ivanov (244) vs. Zak…
MAIN CARD: (Versus) Champ Dominick Cruz (135) vs. Demetrious Johnson (135) Pat Barry (243) vs….
The UFC 135 fighter weigh-ins takes place today from the D.C. Armory in Washington, D.C….
“I beat Edgar when we fought in 2008 as contenders on the way up, and…
Joe Antonacci, creator of “Joe Palooka” and its sister series, “Legion of Combat,” is extremely…
The world’s largest MMA promotion just refuses to stop growing and coming up with new…
D&E Entertainment announced today that they have acquired the feature film, The Hammer (previously titled,Hamill),…
Just one week after his older brother faces Nick Diaz at UFC 137; Reagan Penn…
The ratings for the second installment of “The Ultimate Fighter 14” where released by Spike…
“I hate fighting people who are scared. When you fight somebody who is scared you…
On this week’s episode of “The Ultimate Show,” host Kenda Perez provides fight fans with…
Bellator Fighting Championship has decided to put up their welterweight title up for grabs on…
“Yeah yeah, we’ve been going for a while here. And every time he talks to…
Bellator Fighting Championships announced today that the promotion will once again travel north of the…
According to reports UFC light-heavyweight fighter, Luiz Cane has sought the tutelage of famed nutritionist…
With several fights being booked over the past few weeks it appears as if the…
AC...
United 93 Still Airborne After Alleged Crash - According To ATC/Radar
(PilotsFor911Truth.org) - Recently it has been brought to our attention that. more.......
Pilots For 9/11 Truth Sign Affidavit In Lawsuit Brought By Pentagon Survivor
.
Full Article HERE.
Japanese Senator Questions 9/11
By Alan Miller
Eight. Full Article
National Academy of Sciences Member Calls for New 9/11 Investigation
Official Explanation a “Fraud”.” Full Article
Wikipedia Displays Blatant Disinformation Once Again
Flight Data Recorder Analysis
03/19/09 - Wikipedia, a primary on-line resource for diverse information, allows anyone to edit their 'wiki' pages. Many are aware through articles published by Reuters and other news organizations[1] that Wiki is a haven for intelligence agencies who also use it as a means of distributing false and misleading information. Recently it has come to our attention that an edit was made to the "9/11 Conspiracies" page containing factual errors and disinformation regarding Flight Data Recorder (FDR) analysis.
Rumsfeld On 2006 Election: Call For Another Attack
05/17/08 - Recently released audio of Rumsfeld describing how another attack is needed to make the American public take the "Terror" threat more seriously. Full article, audio clip and forum discussion.."- Fund Type: Open-End Fund
- Objective: Blend Large Cap
- Asset Class: Equity
- Geographic Focus: Canada
Empire Equity Growth Fund #3+ Add to Watchlist
EMPEGR3:CN119.48 CAD 0.34 0.28%
As of 07:59:30 ET on 05/21/2015.
Snapshot for Empire Equity Growth Fund #3 (EMPEGR3)
Mutual Fund Chart for EMPEGR3
- EMPEGR3:CN 119.48
Previous Close
- 1W
- 1M
- YTD
- 1Y
- 3Y
- 5Y
Fund Profile & Information for EMPEGR3
Empire Equity Growth Fund #3 is an open-end fund incorporated in Canada. The Fund seeks to provide long-term growth, primarily through capital appreciation and, secondarily, through reinvestment income. The Fund invests in common shares of Canadian corporations, but has the option of investing in preferred shares, bonds or debentures.
Fundamentals for EMPEGR3
Dividends for EMPEGR3
Fees & Expenses for EMPEGR3
Top Fund Holdings for EMPEGR3Filing Date: 04/30/2015
Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Mutual fund NAVs include dividends. All prices in local currency. Time is ET.
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
- 5Caricaceae – Papaya Family
Plants in the tropical Papaya Family (Caricaceae) are trees, shrubs, and herbs with soft wood, milky sap, erect, usually unbranched stems, a terminal cluster of alternate, usually palmate or palmatifid leaves with long petioles, 5-lobed flowers in the leaf axils, and fruit in the form of large, fleshy berries.
Listed below are some of the Hawaiian plants in this family.and then ate them. Two hundred years after this scary story appeared in print, we still evoke echoes of Hansel And Gretel when we warn children "not to accept sweets from strangers". And now, just as we are all set to guzzle sweeties by the fistful, Scottish Ballet are preparing to take us deep into the forest with a brother and sister who don't realise how horribly evil the nice lady is who's offering them candy kisses. Could this be the first ballet with an implicit health and safety warning?
A small plate of biscuits is all the sweet temptation on hand during a break in rehearsals when artistic director/choreographer Christopher Hampson and designer Gary Harris plunge into talking about the forthcoming premiere without giving too much away (although they would like everyone, whatever their age, to know that this new version of Hansel And Gretel has a thoroughly happy ending).
"For us this is a story about transformation," says Hampson. "Not just the transformations that you get in dreams or in the magic of fairytales - though we do have those too. Our version has the kind of transformations that can happen to people in real life, when they go through a certain kind of experience. And I think that's as much of a happy ending as the parents finding Hansel and Gretel safe and well, while the witch ... well, the witch doesn't have such a happy ending." Ding dong! the witch is ... you'll have to wait and see.
Back to the beginnings, however, of a project that Hampson flagged up in September last year when he came into the post of Scottish Ballet's new artistic director. He said then that he wanted to use his staging of Hansel And Gretel as a starting point for outreach programmes that would involve communities and individuals all across Scotland.
"We wanted to know what people thought and felt about the story," he says. "But more than that, we wanted them to discover what goes into making a ballet. Instead of us rocking up and showing people what we'd already put together, we took the opportunity of bringing them in on the process of creating a story-board, characters and design ideas. And the feedback we got, from all ages, was inspiring. There are things in this Hansel And Gretel that I'm sure I thought of doing, just because something in a piece of writing or art work caught my eye." And indeed, prominently attached to the pinboards in his office are some of the children's drawings from various outreach sessions.
Gary Harris, meanwhile, already knew just how fascinated Hampson was by the Hansel And Gretel story. During Harris's stint as artistic director of Royal New Zealand Ballet (between 2001 and 2010) he commissioned various works from Hampson - but even though they'd often talked about how to do Hansel And Gretel, it's only now they can join forces to make it happen.
"It does feel a bit 'at last!'," admits Harris, "because there were all these ideas that we'd played about with over a pint - everything from Texas Chainsaw Massacre to Disney and all stages in between. It's one of those stories that works on so many levels. It reaches out all across the board, to adults and children alike because it's a journey of discovery. Regardless of the consequences - even without knowing what the consequences might be - Hansel and Gretel head off. It's the story of how we learn, and we learn by making mistakes. Through errors of judgment. It is dark, really dark. But it's not the Texas Chainsaw Massacre, no."
In fact Hampson and Harris have set their production in the post-war years - 1950s or possibly early 1960s - when austerity was giving way to spending and getting items such as a fridge or a television changed how people lived. Sweet rationing had also ended - even so, not everybody could afford to buy chocolate or caramels as an everyday treat. The Witch is definitely on to a winner with her generous sugary hand-outs.
"It was also a time when children had a lot more freedom," says Hampson. "They could go out and play until it was dark, run wild in a way that doesn't happen nowadays. Parents now are very protective - you could say over-protective. And we have touched on that in this version."
He explains that when the audience first sees Hansel and Gretel, they are more or less prisoners at home. The Witch, in glamorous disguise, has stolen away all the other children - this brother and sister are the only two left. "You can understand why loving parents would want to keep their children safe," adds Hampson "and yet those restrictions are what make these two feel 'to hell with this' and run away to find their friends.
"But they are terribly vulnerable. Hansel's always got a teddy with him. He really clings on to it, which is not necessarily a good thing. Gretel always thinks she's right. But taking her brother on this journey in the first place - was that wise? For me, it's how they deal with the outcome of these decisions that brings about the most important transformations."
He expands on this, saying "at the start, Hansel and Gretel are these squabbling little siblings who really annoy each other. This alters to them being absolutely dependent on each other and having to work together to survive. In a way, they find themselves and they find each other. It's a transformation of character that is probably one of the biggest challenges for the dancers, because Hansel and Gretel might grow up a bit because of their adventures, but we still need to see them as children."
Mind you, a rehearsal of the dream-scene, where Hollywood glamour is the name of the transformation game, soon reveals some of the other challenges Hampson has woven into his choreography. Busby Berkeley could, if necessary, re-take his spectacular routines. So too could Fred and Ginger as they faced the music and danced. But as Engelbert Humperdinck's score rolls out, there is no room for even a split-second error in the timing because it's not just the dancers who are swooping and soaring, the set is also shifting and moving as the Witch's banquet to die for materialises.
Harris has been able to flex his design muscles for this fantasy moment. He chuckles that a visit to the fabric store "really made me feel like a kid in a sweet shop. And working with the dancers has been wonderful. For instance, Eve [Mutso] starts off as a very glamorous witch, so for one of those costumes I'd be draping these soft materials on her, and she'd go into character right before my eyes. And suddenly you see how a design idea is going to work."
It hasn't been all silk and satin, however. "We wanted the townspeople to look normal," Harris continues. "So we have been tracking down as much retro clothing as we can, browsing through Oxfam rails and clicking on eBay. We are getting there.
"Some of it looks fashionable again!"
A transformation of sorts has also been taking place in terms of the music. "It's the Humperdinck opera," says Hampson. "Well, maybe 80% of it, and definitely not in the order that you probably know. Richard Honner, our principal conductor, has done a brilliant job of making a dance score by pulling in bits of other works, moving the Humperdinck music around so as it follows our story - which is quite different to the one in the opera.
"It's a totally new music arrangement, specifically created for a new ballet. And it's very much a first, because no-one else has ever done Hansel And Gretel professionally before. I couldn't believe it. It's been such a popular, well-known story for, well, centuries - but no-one's made it into a classical ballet. For me, it's a new and special experience, because I've made this work on dancers that I know, and have been working with for over a year now. That's a luxury that you don't have as a freelance, even when companies commission you to come back. This is our Christmas adventure together - how exciting is that?"
Scottish Ballet present the premiere of Hansel And Gretel at Theatre Royal, Glasgow from December 10-28 before touring to Edinburgh (Festival Theatre, January 8-11), Aberdeen (January 15-18) and Inverness (Eden Court, January 22-25),Children need poetry. Not just as part of a balanced education—poetry's greatest effect is accomplished when it conjures images in the mind that relate to and describe the experiences of life. Kids do this more easily than adults, and without any of the guidance adults seem to think they need in college classrooms.
A Treasury of Poetry for Young People introduces kids to the great American poets—Emily Dickinson, Robert Frost, Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Edgar Allan Poe, Carl Sandburg and Walt Whitman. Containing six complete volumes in the Poetry for Young People series, the poems are specifically chosen for their relevance to kids.
Words and ideas with which children are likely unfamiliar are explained in introductions to the poems and in footnotes, and mini-biographies introduce the poems of each author. An index in the back arranges all poems by their titles. But this isn't a scholarly introduction to poetry for kids—it's an introduction to loving poetry.
You won't find the most obscure or difficult to understand poems here. Poems like "The Road Not Taken," "Eulalie—A Song," "Song of Myself," and "The Sound of the Sea" are included both for their beauty and their plain meaning. Not all great poems are easy to understand, of course; but for kids not yet prepared to wade through layers of meaning, the poems included here are the kinds of poems they need to read.
The importance of poetry cannot be overstated. It communicates in a way no other form of written media can, reaching beyond mere statements or commentary to embrace the common ground between spirituality and physicality, and to celebrate and cry over and wonder at it. If this all sounds too heavy for kids, life is a pretty heavy business, and children are able to handle its heaviness more than many adults suppose.
Besides, if they aren't confronted with the dark and the light from a young age, how will they know the difference when they grow up? If the physical and spiritual elements of life are always divorced, or if one is privileged over the other, how will they become whole people? Poetry is one of the best ways to illuminate these things for them, and A Treasury of Poetry for Young People is an excellent.DistributionRead full entry
RangeConiferous forests of s Mexico (Chiapas) and w Guatemala.
Trusted
Carduelis atriceps Unreviewed • Carduelis xanthogastra Unreviewed ... more taxon associations
© Biodiversity Heritage Library
Source:
Biodiversity Heritage Library
Spinus atriceps Unreviewed
Creator:John Gerrard Keulemans
Source:
Wikimedia Commons
Spinus pinus Unreviewed • Spinus dominicensis Unreviewed • Spinus atriceps Unreviewed ... more taxon associations
Antonio Arnaiz-Villena
Source:
Wikimedia Commons
Carduelis atricepsBehind every great man, there's a woman... but you may not always know who she is.
Many celebrity wives behind famous actors and athletes hide from the limelight even though they likely have a profound influence on their husbands' lives and happiness.
We take a closer look at several famous actors and athletes, including Jeff Bridges, Kobe Bryant, Russell Crowe, Robert Downey Jr. and Matt Damon, to find who their lesser known wife is and how the pair first met.- Fund Type: Fund of Funds
- Objective: Moderate Allocation
- Asset Class: Mixed Allocation
- Geographic Focus: Global
Delos Synthesis Best Green - Balanced Fund of Funds+ Add to Watchlist
DELSBGF:GA11.11 EUR 0.000.01%
As of 00:59:30 ET on 05/14/2015.
Snapshot for Delos Synthesis Best Green - Balanced Fund of Funds (DELSBGF)
Mutual Fund Chart for DELSBGF
- DELSBGF:GA 11.11
Previous Close
- 1W
- 1M
- YTD
- 1Y
- 3Y
- 5Y
Fees & Expenses for DELSBGF
Top Fund Holdings for DELSBGFFiling Date: 03/31/2015
Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Mutual fund NAVs include dividends. All prices in local currency. Time is ET.
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
- 5Who's Going
San Francisco, California
London, United Kingdom
Florence, Italy
Event Details
Join us at Othello at 1170 Sylvan Rd. SW Atlanta, GA on Friday, October 25 from 6 - 9 p.m. DJ DeLeon of Jonesboro, GA will be dong his thing and also performing will be The Gentlemen of Distinction of Columbia, SC. The headliner performing will be the gracious Ms. Houston, a James Brown "Godfather of Soul" original dancer (pictured). She has received several proclamations from city mayors across the country (including Atlanta, Macon, Augusta, and other cities across America and a commendation from two state governors--South Carolina & Georgia). Anderson's Diner will be catering. If you are looking for fun and a chance to mix and mingle, this is it! Door prizes will be given out. Semi-formal attire. Donations are $20 minimum and tickets will also be sold at the door. Proceeds will benefit Shawn Watson, a veteran injured in an automobile accident.
When & Where
Othelo
1170 Sylvan Road Southwest
Atlanta,
GA 30310
Friday, October 25, 2013 from 6:00 PM to 9:00 PM (PDT)
Add to my calendar
Organizer
Sandra Watson of Your Big Day
Sandra Watson
864-389-0809
Share Evening of Entertainment IIShare Tweet.
1 answer
4 questions
~3k people reached
- Lisbon, Portugal
- fampinheiro.com
- Member for 5 years, 1 month
- 8 profile views
- Last seen May 15 at 20:10
Top Posts (5) All Questions Answers | Votes Newest
1 SVN multiple repositories in subfolders apr 24 '10
1 Authorisation in mod_wsgi jul 18 '10
0 Routing Apache TracEnv jun 4 '10
0 Multi Svn Repositories in Apache jul 17 '10Narrow your search.
Do a lower price and claimed performance improvements enhance the small-sensored ILC's appeal?
MSRP: $599.95
When it comes to competing with Apple's iPod Touch media player, the Galaxy Player 4.2 is Samsung's best effort yet, but it's still playing catch-up.
MSRP: $199 you want something that's fast, energy-efficient, lightweight, and durable, and don't mind the hefty prices, the Samsung 470's outstanding performance will make it worth the investment.
The Sonos Play:5 shrinks the Sonos streaming music experience down to a compact single-speaker system with great sound, which you can control from any iOS device or Android smartphone.Team Fortress 2
NoobKilla's Camoflage Scout
Description:
A skin for the Scout NoobKilla made out of boredom. Maybe he will do the other classes. Installation instuctions are in the readme.txt. Have fun! [*] [b]V2.0[/b] - Better camo added - Pants
Show All
Show All
- File Name:
- noobkilla09s_scout.rar
- File Size:
- 4.22 MB
- Date Added:
- 11-08-2009
- Download Last 2 Week:
- 0
- Downloads All Time:
- 18
- Popularity:
- 0.01%
AOC i2473Pwm and the i2473Pwy IPS Monitors get ONKYO Speakers
AOC announces a new set of 23.8" .
Exceptional images and world class brand sound
AOC equips the new 73 Series members with high-grade 23.8" .
Both monitors feature D-Sub as well as HDMI connectors. The i2473Pwm furthermore supports MHL connectivity. This Mobile High-Definition Link allows to directly connect compatible Android mobile devices and the monitor, mirroring the content on the large 60.5 cm IPS screen. Once connected, you can charge the mobile devices at the same time.
The i2473Pwy even allows mirroring content from mobile devices wirelessly owing to the Miracast technology. Users are now able to enjoy Full HD movies from their smartphones and tablet PCs, by displaying these on the large screen. Sharing videos and music with friends and family has never been easier.
Both models employ energy-efficient LED backlights and fulfil strict sustainability certificates such as TCO 6.0 or Energy Star 6.0. AOC grants a 3 year warranty on its monitors, including an on-site exchange service.
The new 73 Series models are available as of now. The MSRP lies at GBP 159 for the i2473Pwm; for the Miracast model i2473Pwy a price of GBP 189 is suggested.
Member Guru
Posts: 97
Joined: 2011-10-09
Don't you end up leaving smudges on your screen where your nose is pressed up against it?
Newbie
Posts: 17
Joined: 2005-01-13
Maha Guru
Posts: 2552
Joined: 2007-12-05
That's pretty harsh (though I did laugh at the mole rat thing tbf).
I've done the same thing though, my desk at home is pretty narrow... So to have a massive speaker under the monitor wouldn't be practical for me either!
Ancient Guru
Posts: 7753
Joined: 2006-02-14
All of my "why?!". Personally I use the base of my monitor to rest my keyboard at a more steep angle than the keyboard feet can provide.An Allentown man was stabbed at a city nightclub early Sunday, and a Jim Thorpe man was arrested, police said.
Luis Ramos was stabbed with a Swiss Army knife at 1:14 a.m. at Rockin' Robins, 1 American Plaza, according to police reports. Ramos was treated at Sacred Heart Hospital, a nursing supervisor said.Andrea
Update on AndreaAndrea, 42, is married and has been working as a teacher for 22 years, giving classes to elementary school kids. She has her husband's support, who pays the household expenses. Andrea is asking for a loan to improve her home since the roof is in very bad shape, and she wants to improve her home environment for her family. In her community, she is known as a person with good customs, good relationships and is very appreciated by her students. Her plans in the future are to have a house with a good infrastructure for her family.
Previous Loan DetailsAndrea is married, has two adult daughters, and lives in Colonia Jerusalen, Nueva Guinea. She has worked in the Alejandro Vegas Matus school for 20 years as a teacher in the primary school. With the previous loan she was able to successfully construct a kitchen. Now she is requesting her 7th l... More from Andrea
- 20 months (Additional Information)
- Repayment Schedule
- Monthly
- Pre-Disbursed:
- Sep 28, 2011
- Listed
- Nov 1, 2011
- Currency Exchange Loss:
- Covered
- Ended:
- Apr 18, 2013LAHORE, Sept 30: The sale of solar energy home systems promising bill-free electricity to run low-energy home appliances has considerably increased in Pakistan during the first nine months of 2012, compared to the corresponding period last year.
The persisting power crisis and reduction in prices of solar energy equipment after introduction of Chinese products were the main reasons for the increase, Faisal Shazad, an expert on the sector told APP on Sunday.
He said the import of bulk solar energy equipment had started in Pakistan in 2004-5.
“At that time, the prices were out of reach of the common man as the equipment was being imported from the US and Germany. Later, China entered the market and prices of these items started coming down.
Now Pakistani manufacturers have also started making some electrical equipment used for the systems which has also played a role in reducing overall prices of the energy systems,” he elaborated.
He said climate in Pakistan was exceptionally sunny and use of solar energy made much sense for the local population.
“Country’s 70 per cent population lives in 50,000 villages that are far away from the national grid,” he added..What.
Fox Drops COPS From Its Primetime LineupAfter months of pressure, senior executives at Fox let us know this dangerous and dehumanizing show will not return for a 26th season.
Exonerations in Cook CountyJudges vacated the convictions of ten men falsely arrested and harshly prosecuted as teenagers for crimes they did not commit.
NYPD to Now Follow State LawColorOfChange.org members were part of a huge victory against racially-biased marijuana arrests in New York City.
Clemency for Kelley Williams-BolarThe single mom's felony convictions for sending her kids to a school outside her district have been reduced to misdemeanors.
DOJ sues to block AT&T/T-Mobile MergerU.S. Justice Department agrees that the $39 billion proposed telecom merger would harm consumers.
Goodbye Glenn BeckFox News dropped Beck after our campaign highlighting his race-baiting pressured 300 sponsors to pull their ads.
Satellite Voting for Katrina SurvivorsGov. Blanco urged to protect displaced New Orleanians' voting rights in first post-hurricane mayoral election.
Rally for Jena 6Six young men were charged with attempted murder for a schoolyard fight with a White classmate; the charges were reduced to simple misdemeanors.
Lose Your Home, Lose Your Vote?Michigan GOP planned to target every voter with a house on a foreclosure list to challenge their voting rights in the last presidential election.
DOJ Investigates "Whites Only" PoolPhiladelphia's Valley Swim Club shut down as a result of financial pressures from class action lawsuit and civil rights investigation.
CNN Ousts Lou DobbsDobbs called to account for using his platform to legitimize bogus questions about President Obama’s citizenship..
ColorOfChange Staff
- Rashad Robinson ».
« hide
- Keith Goodman »
serves as the Chief of Staff and Operations at ColorOfChange. Throughout his career, he has focused on solving problems with multi-disciplinary teams and innovative strategy, with deep experience working at the intersection of organizing, data, and technology. Keith previously worked at the AFL-CIO where he developed targeting strategies for the 2004 election and the Democratic National Committee and Obama Campaign, where he led the 2008 Neighbor-to-Neighbor online voter contact program for the general election. Keith has also advised dozens of progressive organizations and mission-oriented for-profits on strategic planning, organizational design, online organizing, and data management.
« hide
- Arisha Michelle Hatch »
serves as the Managing Director of Campaigns at ColorOfChange.org and leads the organization's civic engagement, voting rights, corporate accountability and media work. Prior to joining ColorOfChange, Arisha left behind a legal career to organize for the Obama Campaign in 2008, and later as National Organizing Director of the Courage Campaign, led innovative earned media campaigns including "Tax Kim Kardashian" in support of the California Millionaire's Tax (the precursor to the historic Proposition 30), as well as, a variety of efforts aimed at mobilizing the LGBT community during the aftermath of Prop 8. Her creative approach to online campaigning -- concentrated at the intersection of politics and pop culture -- has been featured in hundreds of news stories. She earned degrees in Economics and Creative Writing from Stanford and her juris doctorate from Santa Clara University.
« hide
- Matt Nelson »
joined the ColorOfChange.org campaign staff in the spring of 2010 and serves as the Organizing Director, leading the organization's criminal justice and local organizing work. As a campaign strategist, organizer and communications expert, Matt has trained and mentored hundreds of community leaders and organizers around the country, and has started four successful small businesses that promote alternative economic structures, including the first fair trade, worker collective café in Milwaukee, WI. While in Milwaukee, Matt opened and ran a legal clinic that focused on tenant rights and police accountability.
« hide
- Sonia Peña »
joined ColorOfChange.org in 2013 and serves as the Director of Finance and Operations. Prior to joining ColorOfChange, Sonia served as the Associate Director of Finance and Operations at the Applied Research Center (ARC) from 2000-2012. She is a graduate of the Center for Third World Organizing's (CTWO) Minority Activist Apprenticeship Program (MAAP) and worked for CTWO from 1988-2000 as a program director, organizer and trainer. She has trained leaders and organizers in the skills of community organizing, organizational development, and grassroots fundraising. Sonia has a degree in Sociology from the University of Colorado in Boulder.
« hide
- Lyla Bugara »
joined the ColorOfChange team in summer 2012 as a Campaign Fellow and now serves as a Campaign Manager. Prior to joining ColorOfChange, Lyla interned with Human Rights Watch and the Correctional Association of New York. Lyla spends her free time supporting anti-prison expansion work. She holds a BA from Hampshire College in Race, Legal and Prison studies.
« hide
- Dallas Donnell »
joined the ColorOfChange team in September 2013 and serves as the Communications Manager. Prior to joining ColorOfChange, Dallas worked as the Web Coordinator for the Black Youth Project, an organization dedicated to lifting up the voices and experiences of young Black people, and mobilizing communities of color beyond electoral politics. He graduated from the University of Chicago with a degree in Comparative Race and Ethnic Studies, focusing specifically in African American Studies and English.
« hide
- Hannah Lucal »
joined ColorOfChange in July 2013 and serves as Program Manager. Prior to joining ColorOfChange, Hannah was a New York City Coro Fellow, where she completed projects for organizations in the government, labor, business, non profit and political campaign sectors. She holds a B.A. from Carleton College in Northfield, Minnesota.
« hide
- Johnny Mathias »
joined the ColorOfChange team in June 2012 and serves as a Campaign Manager. Prior to joining ColorOfChange, Johnny managed numerous electoral campaigns across the Mid-Atlantic, Mid-South and Midwest. In 2008, he worked field for Al Franken in Minnesota until the last ballot was counted. Johnny organized with SEIU in Wisconsin during the historic uprising in Madison in the winter of 2011. He holds a BA in Government & Politics from the University of Maryland, College Park with a concentration in African American studies.
« hide
- Erika Strong »
joined ColorOfChange in November 2012 and serves as the Development Officer and Grant Writer. Prior to joining ColorOfChange, Erika worked in program planning, development, and coordination in various areas including criminal justice reform, hunger action, and public health. Erika is an active anti-racist organizer and trainer in NYC. She received a Master of Public Health in Community-Oriented Public Health Practice from the University of Washington in Seattle.
« hide
- Christina Monroe »
joined ColorofChange in April 2014 and serves as the Operations Manager. Her past work experience has included working closely with students under U.S. Department of Education and New York State programs to increase their academic performance. She has also worked in the Mayor’s Office for the Village of Freeport, New York. In her spare time, Christina enjoys reading and learning more about political and social issues affecting the African American community. She holds a B.A. in Political Science and Africana Studies from Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey.
« hide
- Bhavik Lathia »
joined ColorofChange in 2014 and serves as a Campaign Manager for rapid response. Prior to joining ColorofChange, Bhavik worked at a 350.org, bottom-lining global campaigning and organizing efforts. In 2013 he served on the core team of Global Power Shift (GPS), a multi-year effort to scale up the climate movement worldwide. Prior to 350.org, he worked at SEIU and MoveOn.org. Bhavik graduated from the University of Michigan with a degree from the Ford School of Public Policy, specializing in environmental and healthcare policy.
« hide
- Anyka Barber »
joined ColorofChange in July 2014 and serves as Member/Community Relations Specialist. Born and raised in Oakland, Anyka Barber is a mother, an artist/activist and entrepreneur. She is the founder of Betti Ono, a dream turned creative social enterprise, headquartered in the heart of downtown Oakland, and founded in 2010. She has spent the past 4 years developing Betti Ono into an active multidisciplinary art space, retail store and community anchor. Anyka is driven by a passion for the arts and a deep commitment to community and cultural development , education, economic development and social change.
« hide
- Shiku Muhire »
joined ColorOfChange in December of 2014 and serves as the Executive Assistant to the Executive Director. Prior to joining ColorOfChange, Shiku attended the University of California, Santa Cruz. Her passion for community organizing began during her time as chair for the African Black Student Alliance. From there, she was elected by her peers to the student government position of Commissioner of Academic Affairs, where she worked to improve the retention rate by increasing the number of resources available to students all over campus.
« hide
- Joe Carrano »
joined Color of Change in 2015 and serves as the Director of Product. Joe is a self taught technologist and NYC native who has utilized technology and tech education to spur entrepreneurship and economic empowerment in NYC's most underserved communities. Prior to ColorofChange,Joe acted as Director of the Bronx Business Incubator and incubated over 150 South Bronx Based startups providing them with technology and start up strategy consulting and support. Joe also is Co-Founder of The Knowledge House, a community based program, which teaches disconnected young adults, in the South Bronx and Harlem, technology and entrepreneurship skills. He is the chief organizer of the Bronx Digital, a meet up group which provides free technology workshops, and hack-a-thons to communities in the South Bronx.
« hide
- Brandi Collins »
joined ColorofChange as Media Justice Director in 2014. She comes to ColorofChange from The Center for Media Justice, an organization fighting for media rights, access and representation for marginalized communities. Previously, Brandi worked at Safer Foundation as Public Policy Associate where she crafted state and national recommendations and statements on workforce development, community capacity building, and prisoner reentry. She holds a B.A. in History from Agnes Scott College, and a J.D. from University of Wisconsin-Madison Law School.
« hide
- Tatiana Hofmans »
joined ColorofChange in August 2014 and serves as the Executive Assistant to the Managing Director of Campaigns, Arisha Hatch. Prior to ColofChange, Tatiana worked as a field organizer at Detroit Action Commonwealth where she fought to combat the various issues that lead to homelessness in Detroit, MI. On campus, she worked to create more inclusive spaces where students of color and intersectional identities could thrive. Most notably, she served as the President of the multicultural arts advocacy organization,FOKUS, where she used the power of the arts to unite individuals and communities across differences. Tatiana holds a B.A. in the interdisciplinary field of Social Theory and Practice from the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, MI.
« hide
- Lisa Juachon »
joined ColorOfChange in January 2014 and serves as Business Associate. For almost a decade, Lisa has worked alongside immigrant families in San Francisco’s South of Market neighborhood tackling issues of displacement, gentrification and community preservation. She worked as a Community Development Intern with the Local Initiatives Support Corporation's Americorps Program, Manager of the Bayanihan Community Center and Community Service Worker for the Veterans Equity Center. Currently, Lisa is a community organizer for TIGRA, a non-profit organization that works with immigrant communities in building stable financial futures through education and action. She also serves on the board of the Filipino American Coalition for Environmental Solidarity, a transnational environmental justice organization.
« hide
- Shani Ealey »
joined ColorOfChange in summer 2014 as the Civic Engagement Fellow and now serves as a Campaign Associate. Prior to ColorOfChange, Shani tackled educational disparities among Black youth as a graduate student at Columbia University where she earned a Master’s degree in African American Studies. For inspiration, she turns to Octavia Butler, Huey P. Newton, and Sam Greenly who’s words continue to be sources of strength and encouragement during challenging times.
« hide
- Hope Wood »
serves as the Deputy Director of Campaigns at Color of Change, leading a team focused on distributed campaigning, staff development, and developing our state grasstops organizing program. Hope has devoted the last 14 years of her life to community organizing, beginning as UCLA-trained teacher in inner city Los Angeles, and then finding her political voice in the 2007-08 Obama campaign. In 2009, Hope co-developed the Courage Campaign Deputy Field Organizer program, helping to build local progressive coalition across CA in the aftermath of Prop 8. Over the past 5 years as Organizing Training Manager at New Organizing Institute, Hope used what she has learned as a teacher, organizer, and a mentee of legendary organizer Marshall Ganz to coach and train new and seasoned campaigners to employ engagement organizing strategies and practices in their work.
« hide
- Brandon L. Greene »
joined ColorOfChange as a Campaign Manager in 2014. Prior to joining ColorOfChange Brandon was an associate attorney at a small union law firm in San Francisco. Previously, Brandon served as an attorney and public interest law fellow at the San Francisco civil rights firm Public Advocates, working on education, transportation, and climate justice issues. Brandon holds a B.A. in film from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and a J.D. from Boston University.
« hideDr. Kevin Babin, MD, practices Internal Medicine in Baton Rouge, LA at Baton Rouge Clinic. Dr. Babin received his medical degree from Louisiana State University School Of Medicine - New Orleans.
Specialty: Internal Medicine
View doctors who practice Internal Medicine in Baton Rouge
Gender: Male
Years of Experience: 23
Dr. Kevin Babin has been rated by his patients 3 times. His last rating was on February, 4, 2012. View ratings for Dr. Kevin Babin.
DrScore strives to maintain current information on US doctors. Please let us know about any inaccuracies with our profile of Dr. Kevin Babin.
Some information about Dr. Kevin Babin provided by Vitals.com.
Are you Dr. Kevin.Passion Essential to American Politics; Don't Let Tucson Shooting Sap Our Will to Oppose Liberalism
Byline: Ted Nugent, SPECIAL TO THE WASHINGTON TIMES
In the wake of violence perpetrated by a Tucson lunatic, liberals and others who should know better are calling for political rhetoric to be toned down.
It's only those on the left who really want to tone down the political rhetoric - as in conservative rhetoric.
I say conservatives should turn up the rhetoric. When honestly identified, the hues and cries from the right are good for America, calls to get America back on track. Only those opposed to such an upgrade would find fault with such rhetoric.
Regardless of political stripes, all Americans should refuse to allow the actions of a psychotic mad dog to dictate how we conduct ourselves in the political arena, where political debate has always been spirited, hot and sometimes nasty.
Only softheaded, feel-good fantasizers from the cult of denial could believe that toning down the political rhetoric will somehow keep lunatics from doing loony things. Exhibit A: the sheriff of Pima County, Ariz.
Other liberal blowhards, such as Paul Krugman of the New York Times, blame conservative rhetoric for causing the Tucson monster's violence, even though there is less than zero evidence the monster listened to conservative talk radio.
The Tucson monster wasn't inspired by conservative ideology that he heard, read or watched anymore than he was encouraged to commit mayhem by reading Mr. Krugman's column, watching a Michael Moore movie, working out to a Jane Fonda video or humming Harry Belafonte songs.
If liberals truly wanted to tone down the rhetoric, they could prove it by stopping the lying. But that won't happen. Mr. Krugman and other liberals know that if it weren't for a steady drumbeat of lies and deceit, the Democratic Party would cease to exist.
Let's be honest. Those on the left don't want to tone down political rhetoric. They only want to tone down conservative speech to make it more fair.
The Democrats are wrong on everything from energy to health care to taxes. What they despise is having their agenda exposed, dissected and ridiculed. The truth hurts, and they know it, which is why, ultimately, they want to muzzle conservatives.
Never a group of politicos to let a crisis go to waste, liberals like Mr. …I've seen a lot of butternut squash sauces all over the internet, but I love that this one gets it's creaminess solely from the pureed vegetable (no cream added!). The inspiration for this particular dish came from The First Mess, but I made a few changes.
Mostly because I love sage and mushrooms...
Here's how you make it!
Ingredients
1 butternut squash
olive oil
salt and pepper
4-6 sage leaves (for roasting)
1 large clove garlic
6-8 sage leaves (for the sauce)
1 tbsp chili flakes (+/- depending on preference)
1 large lemon
1.5 cups vegetable stock
1/2 cup sliced baby bella mushrooms
2 heaping cups of gemelli or orecchiette pasta
1/2 cup pasta water
1 cup chickpeas
1/4 cup grated romano cheese
1/4 cup toasted pine nuts
1-2 mushroom slices and 2 sage leaves for garnish
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees. Cut the squash lengthwise. Scoop the seeds out.
Rub a little olive oil on each half, sprinkle with salt and pepper and set on top of a few sage leaves face down.
Roast for about 30 minutes, or until the squash is soft. Take the sage leaves off and let it cool.
Scoop the flesh out of each half and set it aside. If you are buying the squash already chopped, you will need about 2.5 cups of it!
In a saute pan, heat a tablespoon of olive oil with chopped sage, garlic, and red pepper flakes.
Add the cooked butternut squash, lemon juice, and vegetable stock. Mash the squash as this cooks together.
Transfer this mixture to a food processor. Meanwhile, chop the mushrooms into small pieces and saute in olive oil, salt, and pepper.
Pulse the squash mixture until smooth and then add it back into the pan with the mushrooms. Let this simmer as you cook the pasta. I thought this batch needed a full 1/2 cup of pasta water to loosen it up, but you can add a little bit at a time and see how yours looks. You could also add more lemon juice, if you just want to loosen it a little bit.
Then add the cheese, pine nuts and chick peas. Add salt, pepper, and more chili flakes if necessary.
Add the al dente pasta to this mixture. Don't over cook it, because you want to mix it into the sauce over heat. That way the sauce can stick to the noodles.
If you want to add the garnish, just saute a few more chopped mushrooms and thinly sliced sage leaves in olive oil. Cook until the mushrooms are tender and the sage leaves are crispy. Add right on top!
And enjoy!
The perfect meal for a cold Chicago night!
I've always been skeptical of spaghetti squash, but as you said, its having its moment. This looks absolutely delicious, planning on trying it. I follow The First Mess too, and I love her recipes.
This looks delicious and healthy-PINNED ;)or Join Now! ...
Read this entry »
04-06-2014 02:39 PM
by Lazy_K |
7 comments »
Sharpening: gives me headaches just thinking about it!
Not because it is difficult! It is NOT! but it is the prime example of a place where every effort to “simplify” or make it easier has resulted in More confusion and More difficulty!
it started at least 150 years ago with the first Victorian era quick and easy sharpening jigs and guides. and has gone rapidly downhill.
Sharpening, you should do it once a day for every tool you used that day. at the end of the day put...
03-21-2014 08:45 PM
by bandit571 |
2 comments » openi......
03-17-2014 03:49 AM
by LoriF |
**
Baltimore, Southern Ca. N.Y.Local Pick-Up Only. No Shipping
1961 CROWN SCHOOL BUS CONVERTED TO BAND BUS DIESEL. Rust Hunt in Style
$899.00
03-15-2014 10:36 PM
by DaveDelo |
4 comments »,...
03-12-2014 07:30 PM
by john2005 |
8 comments »
Been awhile since I updated this. Hard to find time with a 2yr old and another on the way. Always trying to balance the time. Then of course the holidays came where all I did was make Christmas gifts. I had hoped to have this all wrapped up by the first of the year and here it is march and I’m not done. Close though.
So the guy I got the birch from had already made 2 legs. They were 4” square and about 40” long. I was wanting to go with 5” legs but sinc... result...
« prev
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ...ometrial Ablation
- Excision of Cervix
- Gynecologic Cancer Screening
- Hysterectomy - Open
-
- Ovarian Cancer
-
Background Check for Dr. Grady
0 Malpractice Claims
- No malpractice history found for California.
0 Board Actions
- No board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.
Education & Training
Medical School
- Keck School Of Medicine Of The Univ Of Southern California
- Graduated in 1989
Internship Hospital
- Women'S Hospital
- Complete in 1990
Residency Hospital
- Women'S Hospital
- Complete in 1993
Languages Spoken by Dr. Grady & Staff
- Arabic
- Chinese
- Italian
- SpanishEthanol's Long Shadow November 28, 2011 11:24 AM Tweet Impact on dairy not what you'd think With the Volumetric Ethanol Excise Tax Credit of 45¢ per gallon set to expire at the end of December, you might expect a more than $1 per bushel drop in corn prices. After all, each bushel of corn produces 3 gal. of ethanol, right? Bonus Content FAPRI analysis of ethanol's impact Think again. If recent analysis is to be believed, you’ll hardly notice any change at all. For one thing, the tax credit is just one appendage of a three-headed ethanol monster that includes tariff protection and usage mandates. Plus, 200 ethanol plants across the country consume 5 billion bushels of corn per year. "Ethanol infrastructure will not go away if we eliminate ethanol policy," says Scott Brown of the Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute (FAPRI). "How competitive for grain ethanol is depends on oil prices." Ethanol’s impact on corn prices is estimated at 50¢ to 80¢ per bushel by the Congressional Budget Office; 59¢ per bushel by Iowa State University; and 53¢ per bushel by FAPRI—with only 2¢ of that coming from the tax credit and 11¢ from tariffs. FAPRI says ethanol policy adds just 54¢ per bushel to the price of soybeans; $7.87 per ton to soybean meal; and $3.63 per ton to distillers’ dry grains. "As a result, you won’t see a huge change in corn and feed prices when the tax credit goes away," Brown says. World feed demand has not abated, despite historically high prices. Even with $6 per bushel corn, the U.S. exports 2 billion bushels, or 16% to 17% of the crop. One out of 4 bu. of soybeans is exported. Eliminating tariffs won’t help. Brazilian ethanol prices, driven by world sugar prices, are higher than U.S. prices. In 2010/2011, the U.S. was thus able to net export some 2.5 billion liters of ethanol. Mandated usage is still on the upswing. In 2011, ethanol production was nearly 13 billion gallons. It is expected to top out at 15 billion gallons by 2015. Bottom line, Brown says: "If you want lower corn prices, you want lower crude oil prices. If we have $100-plus per barrel oil, demand for ethanol will only continue to grow." The impact on dairy from ethanol is significant, but not devastating. Brown estimates that a 50¢ per bushel corn impact translates to 35¢ per cwt. higher cost of production. Higher feed costs depress total milk production by 0.4%, raising milk prices by 25¢ per cwt. And the lower milk supply requires about 35,000 fewer cows. When it’s all totaled, net dairy returns will likely be down 10¢ to 15¢ per cwt. over the long term. Back to newsSunlight (Original Mix) (7:59)
Play with Spotify
We don’t have a video for this track yet.
Add a video
We don’t have this track’s album(s) in our catalogue yet.
Labels and artists can upload their music here.
Listening Trend
240listeners all time
847scrobbles all time
Recent listeners trend:
Explore more
Listen to, buy or share
Buy
- 847scrobbles
- 240listeners
Learn more about scrobbling 21, 2015, the Supreme Court issued its much-anticipated decision in ONEOK Inc. v. Learjet, Inc. addressing the extent to which the Natural Gas Act (“NGA”) preempts state antitrust claims brought against...more
On Wednesday, April 8, 2015, the Third Circuit Court of Appeals vacated a district court’s order certifying a class of direct purchasers of blood reagents in a price-fixing suit against Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics Inc. In January 30, 2015, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia issued an opinion in a case regarding the Federal Trade Commission’s (FTC) challenge to the advertisements of POM Wonderful’s (“POM”)...more
In City of San Jose v. Office of the Commissioner of Baseball, Case No. 14-15139 (9th Cir. Jan 15, 2015), the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit applied the judge-made antitrust exemption for baseball to bar..
The First Circuit’s split decision last week affirming class certification in the Nexium antitrust case is sure to receive much attention in product defect class actions. Over the last several years, a chief battleground in...more
On the day before Thanksgiving—less than two weeks after oral argument—the Seventh Circuit issued its ruling on Motorola’s interlocutory appeal in Motorola Mobility LLC v. AU Optronics Corp., affirming dismissal of the vast..
Permanent Ban From Prize Promotion Business After Sweepstakes Scam -
A sweepstakes operator agreed to a permanent ban from the prize promotion business pursuant to a settlement with the Federal Trade Commission after...more
In a decision upholding most of the class action antitrust claims against 12 of the world’s largest financial institutions, Judge Cote of the Southern District of New York held that the plaintiffs had standing and alleged...more
The Supreme Court will begin its new term on Monday, October 6, 2014. Although the Court has not yet accepted for review any headline-grabbing cases of the type we’ve seen in recent years in such areas as campaign finance,...more
On Sept. 22, 2014, the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California issued an important opinion regarding antitrust standing in Los Gatos Mercantile, Inc. v. E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. (DuPont), No....more
Under what is commonly known as “Noerr-Pennington immunity,” persons exercising their First Amendment right to petition the government for redress are generally immune from antitrust liability, even though their actions may...more
On July 24, 2014, the district court in Animal Sci. Prod., Inc. et al. v. China Nat’l Metals & Minerals Imp. and Exp. Corp. et al., Case No. 2:05-cv-04376 (D.N.J.), dismissed direct purchaser plaintiff’s Amended Complaint...more...more
Last week, on April 8, 2014, the District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan dismissed the remaining claims of indirect purchaser plaintiffs (IPPs) in the ongoing Refrigerant Compressors litigation. In re:...more
The USPTO proposed attributable ownership rules would require the public disclosure of the “attributable owner” of patent applications and patents. As discussed in this article, the proposed definition of “attributable owner”...more
This blog has been analyzing for more than four years legal disputes over whether the U.S. Department of Commerce (“Commerce”) may apply countervailing duties (“CVDs”) to imports from non-market economies (“NMEs”),...more
On March 25, 2014, the United States Supreme Court issued a unanimous decision resolving an important issue that has implications for companies seeking redress for false advertising and disparagement. In Lexmark...more
Whether they would admit it or not, most people have probably at some point searched for their own name in a search engine. Often the results illustrate how much personal information has been scraped and aggregated by...more
In In re: Lithium Ion Batteries Antitrust Litigation, 2014 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 7516 (N.D. Cal. Jan. 21, 2014) (Gonzalez Rogers, J.), the Northern District of California largely rejected a motion to dismiss an antitrust...more
Find an Antitrust & Trade Regulation Author »
Back to TopTWO dogs that mauled a miniature horse so severely it had to be put down have been humanely destroyed and their owner put on a good behaviour bond for 12 months.
The dogs, Harley and Bear, owned by Mark Richard Weaver, attacked the horse kept at an Elm St home in Emerald in the early hours of December 16.
Central Highlands Regional Council senior compliance officer Robert Maher told the court that council officers at 9am on the day found the horse still being guarded by the dogs which were covered in blood.
A vet was called and due to the extent of the injuries, the horse was humanely destroyed.
Mr Weaver's wife, when contacted by the CHRC, readily admitted to owning the dogs and cooperated with officers.
Mr Weaver's solicitor Rhett Peters told the court his client had searched for the dogs earlier that morning but had to go to work.
Mr Peters said Mr Weaver was surprised at the dogs' actions as they had never appeared violent or dangerous, but was remorseful for what had happened.
He extended his apologies to the owner of the horse.
Mr Weaver pleaded guilty in the Emerald Magistrate's Court yesterday to two counts of failing to ensure his dogs didn't attack or cause fear.
Mr Peters supported Mr Mahr's submission his client be placed on a 12 month, $500 good behaviour bond, and pay $156 in summons fees.
No conviction was recorded..National Enquirer: Scientology’s Secret Celebrity Files
Featured on the cover of the latest issue of the National Enquirer are Tom Cruise, Kirstie Alley, Lisa Marie Presley and John Travolta — all for a story based around the Church of Scientology’s secret celebrity files.
As you may already know, former King of Queens actress Leah Remini left the controversial religion after being interrogated for years alongside her family. It began with a question as to the whereabouts of Scientology leader’s wife Shelly Miscavige.
From the magazine’s report:
A friend told The ENQUIRER that Leah fears retribution from the church, whose membership includes Tom Cruise, John Travolta and Kirstie Alley.
Shortly after Leah quit, Kirstie tweeted: “I take a moment to experience the loss of a person who I thought was my friend…then I say f*** `em.”.
In addition, the magazine claims that Britney Spears has collapsed at the news that her ex-husband Kevin Federline has married his girlfriend Victoria Prince.
here’s the thing, i cannot believe and it defies all logic and sanity, that stars and celebrities especially the biggest movie star in the world, would EVER TELL THEIR “DARKEST SECRETS”?!!!!..
what celebrity much less cruise would tell some auditor ( a stranger basically) for your “religion” ANYTHING that if found out would destroy their lives and careers? regardless if they didn’t know they were secretly being recorded and videotaped and it was supposed to be kept private!
i mean i’m joe schmoe and a nobody and you think i would tell some auditor (if i was scientologist) or a priest ( if i was catholic) or any other religion with a “confessor” that i “thought of” or “did this” or “fantasized about this” in the area of sex or anything else highly flammable that could ruin me personally and professionally?…heck no, no way, no how, never!!!
NO ONE in the public would do this if they had a ounce of sanity! and we are to believe these celebrities and the biggest movie star did this willingly and for years?
in fact, wouldn’t most people (including celebrities) actually be totally weirded out asked anything that personal about their sex life? wouldn’t 99.9999 % of people think “what business is it of yours? “what business is it of this religion” and get the heck out of there so fast it would make their head spin and like i said be weirded out big time?!!
anyone celebrities or nobodies who did this in scientology (if they did that is) DESERVED WHAT THEY GET FOR SHEER INCOMPREHENSIBLE STUPIDITY!!!!!!!!!!!!!Deluxe Two-Bedrooms ApartmentRomania, Bucharest-walking distance with a plenty of restaurants, clubs, pubs and cafes open for day and night life.
You find a Mega Image supermarket at the ground floor of the same building.
The apartment is quiet and it has a magnificent view on Balcescu and Magheru Boulevards (most famous central shopping streets of Bucharest).
It has been renovated in 2014 and it is fully furnished consisting of
- large living room with open and fully equipped kitchen including refrigerator, oven and microwave oven, coffee machine, mini bar, wireless internet connection and cable flat screen TV, computer desk and large sofa with sleep function
- two bedrooms with balconies, double large beds and consistent storage spaces including make-up corner and ironing-board
- bathroom with bathtub and washing machine.
All the rooms have air-conditioned installed.
Cleaning, as well as bed sheets and towels replacement service
are all included in the price, and we don't charge security deposit.
Please ask for our special price for longer than regular stays.
44 Reviews
L'appartement est très fidèle à la description. Il est en parfait état et refait avec beaucoup de gout. Il est très propre et c'est très agréable d'y vivre. Les lits sont ultra confortable! Plein de petits accessoires du quotient sont présent: fer a repasser, bouilloire, lave linge, etc... L'isolation est (heureusement) parfaite et la clim est appréciable. Il est très bien situé, a qq minutes du centre ville. L’hôte parle parfaitement le francais et est très sympathique. Il nous a donné de nombreux conseils et recommandations sur la ville.
I can fully recommend Filips beautiful apartment! The location is great, and the apartment is as great as on the pictures! Filip is a very good host and helped us getting started in Bucharest.
We had a short stay in the apartment. The space and the location are excelent, but it's the busy street that makes the livingroom a bit noisy. The bedrooms are better isolated.
It was a nice stay!
Filip est très engager, très gentil, très poli....
et parler francais.
Wir haben eine sehr gepflegte, moderne, und professionell gestaltete Wohnung vorgefunden. Nicht weit von der Altstadt (zu Fuß 15 min.)Merci für Deinen Service Fillip à bientôt . Uli
This host has 76 reviews for other properties.View Other Reviews
About the Host, Filip
Originaire de France, autodidacte, dynamique, passionné de ce qui se passe dans le monde, adore voyager.. 2014 ($-128 Mil) to Sep. 2014 ($-153 Mil) and increased from Sep. 2014 ($-153 Mil) to Dec. 2014 ($-181 Mil).
NGL Energy Partners LP's annual accumulated depreciation increased from Mar. 2012 ($-13 Mil) to Mar. 2013 ($-50 Mil) and increased from Mar. 2013 ($-50 Mil) to Mar. 2014 ($-110Key things you need to know aboutSeth Ratihn:
Seth Ratihn's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Seth Ratihn's Specialties
- Physician Assistant (PA)
- View 1 specialty
More About Seth Ratihn's Background
MoreGet the facts on Seth Ratihn
Patient Satisfaction
Patients' feedback on their experience with Seth Ratihn
Likelihood of recommending Seth Ratihn to family and friends is 5 out of 5 5 1 4
See More Survey Results
MoreSeth Ratih Ratihn!
The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
Thank You
This confirms that we have received your survey about Seth Ratihn. Please note: it will take 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor's profile.
Thank You
Our records show that you have already confirmed your survey for Seth Ratihn. Please note: it takes 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor’s profile."I
Garden Wisdom & Mat News: Messages from the Mat Man
Hopefully they live happily ever after…
“My husband did NOT want to buy Garden Mats. I purchased enough Garden Mats for half of the garden and issued a challenge to him to prove how much time I would save on my side….keep reading »
Why Gardeners Choose Garden Mats
- Block sunlight to stop weeds
- Let air and water through
- Retain moisture and reduce erosion
- Moderate soil temperature
The Power of Mulch
Mulch is one of the most effective ways to fight weeds, retain soil moisture, and nurture healthy, productive plants.
But some mulches are more effective than others. To understand why, let’s look at what mulch is and how it does its job.learn more about mulch »Voxeet is a free web conferencing VoIP protocol where groups of people, friends, colleagues or family members can conduct voice chats with crystal clear sound. To use the Voxeet service you’re gonna have to register on their website and of course download the desktop client. So far only Windows OS is supported, but very soon Voxeet client should be available for Mac, iOS and Android, so you’ll be able to use it not only on your computer, but also on your phone.
As soon as you install the desktop client, you’ll be asked to register, you should see a registration window where you’ll have to create your Voxeet account for access to the VoIP network. Once that you register and activate your account, you should be able to login and see what can be seen on the image above. Now it’s time to look up friends who are already members of Voxeet, but before that, let’s go over some of the more interesting features that this free voice conferencing client has:
- High quality sound – no more muffled and choppy voices or background noise
- If two people try to talk at the same time – they will be muted
- Voice recognition – so that everyone knows who is doing the speaking
- 3D sound – arrange contacts in the conference and listen them in 3D
- Easy to use desktop client with design similar to other VoIP clients
- Build contact lists and organize them in groups
Voice calls and conferencing that Voxeet offers is very similar to services that other VoIP clients, like for example Skype, two, three offer, but it’s not quite the same. Previously mentioned features make Voxeet stand out a bit more, and of course the fact that it’s free without limitations is also very appealing. Here’s a few pointers to help you get started with this free web conferencing utility.
Similar services: Mikogo, ShowDocument, DimDim.
How to conduct web conferences with Voxeet
If you want you can search for contacts with the help of their email, or you can invite your friends to join Voxeet if they are not using it already.
To add contacts you’re gonna have to click on the Contact button which has a yellow plus sign next to its head. Conference calls can be started by selecting the contacts that you want to include in the conference and then a Call now button should appear in the lower right corner of the window. Click on it and your contacts should start joining the conversation.
Contacts can be edited and those which are no longer needed can be removed from the contact list. The 3D sound that we mentioned is made possible by contact arrangement as you can see in the image above, Contact on your left will have louder audio than the one on the right when speaking and other way around thus making it sound as though they are closer.
Conclusion
Voxeet is a great VoIP service which offers a lot to its users. It’s still in beta so there’s still room to improvement, although we haven’t come across any kind of problems. Mac, iOS and Android versions are on their way.Visceral ...
>>.
- REPLY
- WAS THIS HELPFUL? YesNo
- REPORT ABUSE
Member 15424
Dec 17, 2009
Ijust think these are the cutest things, What a neat idea.
- REPLY
- WAS THIS HELPFUL? YesNo
- REPORT ABUSE
The Editor of Fave Craftscom and AllF reeCrochetcom
Dec 09, 2009
There is an easy print button at the top of the page. It seemed to work fine for me.
- REPLY
- WAS THIS HELPFUL? YesNo
- REPORT ABUSE
guerine
Dec 09, 2009
when I try to print this pattern or any other the complete instructions dont print
-Dinosaur Chopsticks Make Mealtimes More Messy-zoic
You might be in the land of the lost when it comes to the fine art of wielding chopsticks but now thanks to 3 different dinosaurs holding down their end of the bargain, you're the king of the tyrant lizards... just as long as you don't try to eat Jello with 'em.
The nice folks at Rinkya dug out this amusing discovery before the extinct reptilian implements even go on sale – which will be in August of 2011.
Each set of Dinosaur Chopsticks features a different famous dinosaur (golden-brown Tyrannosaurus, leaf-green Triceratops and sunset-orange Pteranodon) on one end. The dinosaurs' tails then morph into the familiar tapered shape of chopsticks and the rest, as they say, is up to you.
Measuring 9 inches (22.5cm) long and made from fully safety tested translucent plastic, these Dinosaur Chopsticks are made by Kotobukiya and complement the company's many different anime figurines.
Kotobukiya knows their stuff: they also make Star Wars lightsaber chopsticks, Panda chopsticks and Parrot chopsticks. Basically, Kotobukiya knows their way around a chopstick so you, the end users, don't get stuck with a lemon.
Rinkya Stores is currently accepting pre-orders for sets of 3 different Dinosaur Chopsticks priced at $40.38 though they will sell single pairs by request at a corresponding price – just ask them, they won't bite!
Editor's Update: The dinosaur chopsticks are now available in the U.S. You can find it at Amazon here and at other retailers.
To see more noteworthy Japanese inventions, sign up for my latest articles here,
Steve Levenstein
J A P A N O R A M A
InventorSpot.com"Office staffs are ridiculous, they don't know how to talk with patient, they are very rude, and they don't know how to behave with child; They are not ..."
"It has been six months since my mommy make-over and I could not be happier with my results. I am very pleased and very grateful to Dr. Soto ..."
"Dr. Dobbins is a great Dr. He was very vigilant in helping to diagnose and treat my middle daughter for her Lupus. He was our Family Dr. ever ..."
"Sx went well. Stayed in hospital <24 for observation so no inpatient charges. Period of not lifting is a year. Personable and easy to talk to. Describes problem ..."The middle chapter of the "Reverse" storyline continues at a brisk pace, filled with ornate art from Francis Manapul, Brian Buccellato and Ian Herring with letters from Carlos M. Mangual. "The Flash" #22 has a bit of excitement and adventure with a fine dash of mystery as Barry Allen stretches his crime scene investigator skills while pushing the limits of his speed and reaction time.
The standard "damsel in distress" subplot that drives Barry to protect Iris West may be a trope, but the way the creative team executes it, it spins into a relationship-building event that even has a splash of fun as Flash gives Iris a speedforce-dampening suit of her own. This becomes a nice visual for Barry and Iris, treading delicately into ground that isn't completely smashed under from being traveled over so often. It's likely that Iris will be just fine throughout the events, but Manapul and Buccellato need to be careful to keep Iris strong and independent. The creative team delivers a scene between Iris and Patty Spivot that further complicates Iris' helplessness and continues to reinforce the romantic triangle this series has been building from the first issue.
The first impression from a casual flip-through of the issue is that the art has decompressed the story, giving Manapul way too much space to shine up pretty images, but as a co-writer, Manapul is writing to the visuals -- or more accurately, through the visuals. Manapul tends to go big with the artwork, using multiple double-page spreads, but the artist packs a lot of minor details, story shifts and storytelling tidbits into the rest of the imagery that he sprinkles across the spread and around the main image. The faceoff between Flash and Reverse Flash (although the moniker is not actively applied at that point) is breathtaking, bold and delightfully colorful, thanks to Buccellato with a color assist from Ian Herring.
"The Flash" #22 opens with a crime scene investigation and nice use of blood spatter adorning the background and white space. Manapul continues to playfully decorate the opening double-page spread with the word "Flash" hidden in the background, giving readers a chance to play a little game and inviting them to analyze the artwork more discerningly. From that opening scene, though, the creative team provides a great bob and weave in the story, pulling the rug out from under the reader just when it all seems to be coming together. There aren't any definitive answers yet, but "The Flash" #22 continues to deliver the goods, which is simply a good comic book story with wonderful artwork.While trying to change BG color and font color of the dropdown menu of mobile , I identified the specific section and css codes like this >>
So I used the following code >>
#body .pl-mobile-menu { background-color: #252525; color: #FFFFFF; }
which is not working!
Then searching the forum , I found the following code from here >>
#site .navbar .dropdown-menu a { padding: 6px 15px; background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% #2525255; color: rgb(255, 255, 255); }
This isn't working too!
I'm referring to background and font colorSee your color on these designs right now!
Enter your colors here, then click the
icon below any design to preview it in your colors.
Recommended Just For You
Customer Raves & Reviews
Lovely presentation!
tea length programs
Very happy! I'm not computer savvy, but making these programs was super easy. The outcome was beautiful. They look classy and the quality is great. I'm glad I could easily check another "to do" off my list.
Good overall worth the money...
I am pleased with my invitations and thank you cards, also got RSVP's next it will be my wedding menu etc...
Perfection!!
Floral ornament review
What a great card! Great quality, great packaging to reach me, great customer service! Just great all around! I will be using Magnet Street in the future and I asked my Maid of Honor to use them for other necessary invites as well!I have an Ithaca featherlite model 37R deluxe 12 guage. I believe it has a full choke barrel.
I need to get rid of it even though I don't really want to. I need the money and I am also afraid that an unstable family member will get their hands on it.
Can someone tell me where to get top dollar for this?
Here are some pics of it:
Any help would be greatly appreciated as I need to make the mortgage also.Meet the Illustrator
Suçie Stevenson
Suçie Stevenson grew up in a family of artists. She didn't start out as an illustrator, though. For a while she worked as a truck driver, a shellfisher, and a mason's helper. Today she illustrates books and even writes some of her own. She has drawn the pictures for all of the Henry and Mudge books, written by Cynthia Rylant.
- Suçie Stevenson takes her own dogs to the beach. She likes seeing them swim through big waves to fetch their tennis ball.
- Her brother's Great Dane, Jake, was her inspiration for Mudge.
Photography CreditStevenson
Books Written and Illustrated by Suçie Stevenson
- The Emperor's New Clothes
- The Twelve Dancing Princesses
- Jessica the Blue Streak
Other Books Illustrated by Suçie Stevenson
- Emily and Alice
(written by Joyce Champion)
- Henry and Mudge and the Snowman Plan
(written by Cynthia Rylant)
- Once Upon a Time This Morning
(written by Ann F. Rockwell)Makes about 6 half-pints. 1 tablespoon each.Source:
Hy-Vee Seasons Back to School 2014.
All you need:
5 1/3 c. blackberries (1 1/2 pounds)
1 1/4 c. finely chopped onion
2 medium tart green apples, cored, peeled and finely chopped
1 c. red wine vinegar
3 to 4 tbsp finely minced chipotle peppers in adobo sauce
2 tbsp Hy-Vee Worcestershire sauce
1 tsp Hy-Vee salt
1 clove garlic, minced
4 1/2 c. Hy-Vee granulated sugar large saucepan, combine blackberries, onion, apples, vinegar, chipotle peppers, Worcestershire sauce,
salt and garlic. Over medium-high heat, bring to boiling,-inch headspace. Wipe rim with a clean, damp cloth. Put on lids and bands.With jar lifter, add jars to hot water in canner. If necessary, add more water to cover jars with 1 inch of water. Cover and bring water to a boil over high heat. Process 10 minutes.Remove jars and place upright on a towel to cool. After jars cool, check seals by pressing middle of lid with finger. (If lid springs back, lid is not sealed and refrigeration is necessary.) Let stand at room temperature 24 hours. Store unopened jam in cool, dry, dark place up to 1 year. Refrigerate opened jam up to 3 weeks.*Note: Chile peppers contain volatile oils that can burn your skin and eyes. When working with chipotle peppers, wear protective gloves.
Nutrition information per serving:
Calories: 45
Carbohydrate: 11g
Cholesterol: 0mg
Dietary Fiber: 1g
Fat: 0g
Protein: 0g
Saturated Fat: 0g
Sodium: 30mg
Sugar: 10g
Trans fats: 0g
Daily nutritional values:
0% vitamin A4% vitamin C0% calcium0% ironLisa, I've made the following vegan salad dressing with tofu: 1/2 pkg. Mori-Nu Lite soft or firm tofu (not extra-firm) cloves from 1 head roasted garlic 2 tsp rice vinegar or more to taste 1 tsp tamari 1 tbs nutritional yeast (I use only Red Star brand) salt to taste or more tamari water to desired consistency Throw the first 5 ingredients in a blender or food processor and blend until smooth. The dressing will be about mayonnaise consistency. Gradually add water until the desired creamy consistency is reached. Add salt, tamari or more vinegar to taste and blend in. This keeps about 3 days in an airtight container in the fridge. To roast garlic, peel off loose skin layers until the individual cloves show. Don't peel the cloves. Brush them with a little veg. oil (don't worry, it won't soak in) and put in a ceramic dish. I do 4 heads at a time in an 8x8 cake pan. Bake at 400F for 15-20 min. until the skin chars a little. Peel the cloves and mash them with a fork to use as a breadspread or in the salad dressing above. Variations: add 4 halves of reconstituted sundried tomatoes, diced, or 1 tbs baked eggplant, or your favorite fresh or dried herbs to taste, or sub. balsamic vinegar for rice. Alla ------------------------------
News + Grants
Viewpoints.
The United Voice of Georgia’s Cities Still Matters
May 4, 2015 | Lamar Norton, GMA Executive Director
We live in an ever-changing world, with technology advancing and shaping society and our place within it. It’s not unusual these days to “discover” some new technology only to have it become obsolete as soon as you figure out how to use it! So within that framework, it is good to know that some things don’t change.
The Georgia Cities Foundation: Helping to Create Vibrant Downtowns
April 8, 2015 | Mike Starr, President & CEO, The Georgia Cities Foundation
Since its inception in 1999, the Georgia Cities Foundation (GCF) has strived to serve as a catalyst for downtown revitalization. Our goal has been to promote economically sustainable projects and to build public-private partnerships that will help ensure the long-term health and economic vitality of Georgia’s downtown areas.
Wanted: Local Solutions and Leadership
April 8, 2015 | Keith Brady, GMA President
People, regardless of their demographic or socioeconomic standing, or whether they live in large cities, suburbs, or small rural towns, are looking locally for those ideas and solutions that “improves quality-of-life for themselves and their communities.”.
Displaying results 1-15 (of 32)
|<
<
1
-
2
-
3
>
>|Sunday Funnies - Special New Yorker Edition
Cidu Bill on Apr 22nd 2012
In honor of the fact that I’m letting my New Yorker print subscription expire after many, many years — it’s just easier to read it on my phone now; Eustace Tilley would just plotz, I know — I went through my backlog of New Yorker LOLs and realized I had no idea which of them I’d already used and which ones I hadn’t.
It’s even possible that one or two of these aren’t from the magazine at all, but rather from The Rejection Collection. Who can tell sometimes?
So I’m solving the problem by posting all of them at once. There will be some “reruns,” but most of them should be new to most of you.
Filed in Bill Bickel, Comics That Made Us Laugh Out Loud, New Yorker, comics, humor, lol | 53 responses so far
waferthinmint Apr 22nd 2012 at 01:03 am 1
i have a quibble.
the ashes joke has the chinese for “woman’s family daily” on the door. it annoys me no end when cartoonists put up random nonsense to indicate Chinese. the joke would have been subtler and funny if it had just said Mott street in English and left it to the reader to figure out.
note that this is done ALL the time with asian languages and asians return the favor with Engrish signage and t-shirts. that bothers me just as much.
James Pollock Apr 22nd 2012 at 01:13 am 2
“the joke would have been subtler and funny if it had just said Mott street in English and left it to the reader to figure out.”
Except, of course, the residents of the 49 states or so who have no idea that “Mott Street” means “Chinese”, and would therefore have no idea why the artist/editors found the cartoon funny at all. (Yes, it turns out that they’ll sell copies of the New Yorker to people who live in, say, Montana.)
Besides, the fact that the artist bothered to locate and copy some actual Chinese, even if it’s not even close to the CORRECT Chinese, is probably more effort than 99% of them would have, which is to just make some “Chinese-looking” doodles.
waferthinmint Apr 22nd 2012 at 01:48 am 3
you are absolutely right! I forgot that Google only works in NY! and the fact that other cartoonists are more racist DOES mitigate the offense. I know my black friends are grateful when I use “darky” instead of the N-word; it just shows that I am thinking of them.
Still to be read sarcastically: Racism and ignorance are the only alternatives to google — that’s why when movies depict non-european languages the actors just chant singsong words, right? that way they don’t offend the people too lazy to have learned another language.
Non Sarcasm:
Seriously, Chinatown NY has been at Mott St. since 1870. it is the largest enclave of Chinese people in the Western hemisphere and is one of the oldest ethnic Chinese enclaves outside of Asia.
wouldn’t the readers of the New Yorker, even in Butte Montana, know that or know how to look it up? it’s not as if this were in USA Today or intended to run next to BC or the family circus in a local daily.
Further, if this comic were referring to Mulberry St. no one would expect fake italian. and as I pointed out it annoys me just as much when Japanese name a chain of clothing stores Nice Glaup, because it “sounds foreign”..
Scrub Ninja Apr 22nd 2012 at 02:32 am 5
Extremely few people outside NYC have any clue what Mott St represents, or Mulberry St either. Sure they could look it up, but that wouldn’t do much for the humor. If you have to do research for the punchline, it’s not a joke, it’s just a puzzle.
Kilby Apr 22nd 2012 at 02:50 am 6
No, they would be expecting an obscure reference to Theodore S. Geisel.
Omitting the Chinese reference entirely would obliterate the joke for the vast majority of readers. Nobody outside of NYC is going to understand the street name, unless they notice the annoying “Chinesified” font in which “Mott St.” has been rendered. Using correct, but inappropriate Chinese (or a faked version) will bother at most only those who can read Chinese, and is in any case less offensive than the font.
Kilby Apr 22nd 2012 at 02:52 am 7
P.S. @ Scrub Ninja (5) - I agree. I do not pull out a computer to decipher cartoons, that’s what CIDU is for.
Charlene Apr 22nd 2012 at 03:31 am 8
I didn’t even know New York had a Chinatown until now. Mott Street - isn’t that where Clamato juice comes from? Why would I Google something like that?
jjmcgaffey Apr 22nd 2012 at 04:07 am 9
Wow. Several of these got real smiles - no actual laughs, but they were funny. And one is a CIDU. What is the submarine crewman saying a variant of? I can’t come up with anything but “taking on water”, and that doesn’t really go with the strippers.
Guess, synchronized peeing, permission to move freely, boat bris, and strategic nudity bar were all funny to me. I think I’d seen synchronized peeing before, but it might even have been in the magazine - I don’t think I’d seen it here. Possible, but I don’t remember it with comments. The rest were all new to me.
James Pollock Apr 22nd 2012 at 04:29 am 10
When I think of “Chinatown”, I think of west coast cities. I realize that New Yorkers believe that the universe revolves around New York, but the readership of the New Yorker DOES include people who are not New Yorkers; some, in fact, who have never been in New York.
There’s a fairly short list of streets that are (nearly) universally known… Haight and Ashbury, Rodeo Drive, and Wall Street, for example. Most, however, are not. To work, a cartoon has to evoke something the reader knows about.
Proginoskes Apr 22nd 2012 at 04:42 am 11
“It’s even possible that one or two of these aren’t from the magazine at all, but rather from The Rejection Collection. Who can tell sometimes?”
As a rule of thumb, the ones in the Rejection Collection are funnier (to me).
Proginoskes Apr 22nd 2012 at 04:42 am 12
#1 - #5 are from the Rejection Collection, and the last one might be.
(Posted separately to maximize the odds of this appearing.)
zookeeper Apr 22nd 2012 at 08:45 am 13
The take out box for the ashes set me up - sort of an “eww” in a different direction; the synchro pee joke make me laugh. Pretty good for a Sunday morning.
mitch4 Apr 22nd 2012 at 08:57 am 14
On first looking thru these, I didn’t even notice the dialog underneath the “Guess” cartoon, but it was funny anyway — as I was pretty sure what sort of guess he would be offering.
A few years ago — gosh, it must have been early in the 80s! — an international student in our department was wearing a pair of Guess brand jeans, and I tried to engage her in a “who’s on first?”-style joke by asking “Who makes those nice jeans?” and when she said “Guess” trying “Oh I don’t feel like a guessing game; just tell me”. Not a big hit.
A sincere question for Mr. or Ms. Mint — does the name “China Town” give offense? If not, maybe that could have been printed under the Mott Street sign instead.
mitch4 Apr 22nd 2012 at 09:00 am 15
And I especially like the very frustrating “Honk if you support us”. It’s such a good setup that we don’t need any hints on the drivers’ reactions.
Wafferthinmint Apr 22nd 2012 at 09:14 am 16
Mint is Mr.
Chinatown is not offensive as far as I know. I’m not Asian so I don’t know first hand. It is not for personal reasons that I was ticked off: I was annoyed because I dislike ignorance. I dislike people clinging to ignorance even more. Saying “there’s no need to look up something correct; my readers are too foolish to know better” is not good.
I think the cartoonist didn’t write “Chinatown” because he correctly assumed that most readers of the New Yorker were culturally educated enough to recognize the largest concentration of Chinese people in the western hemisphere.
If it were gibberish Yiddish, French, or Italian, would we be having this argument?
BBBB Apr 22nd 2012 at 09:58 am 17
I agree with Kilby #6. Without the Chinese characters, my memory would focus on “And tell me what street / compares with Mott Street in July; / sweet push carts gently gliding by…” (Rodgers & Hart, Manhattan), which doesn’t automatically imply Chinese….for me, at least.
Jeff S. Apr 22nd 2012 at 10:53 am 18
[Sarcasm on] Well, I’m just a backwater hick in Oklahoma, so while I knew there was a Chinatown in New York, I certainly didn’t know there was a specific street where it was located. I have also heard that there are “boroughs” in NYC such as Queens, Bronx, Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Statten Island, but other than Manhattan (island, right?), I have no idea where they are actually located. [Sarcasm off]
The street address was added for the benefit of the New Yorkers. The Chinese writing and the Asian facial features were added for the benefit of everyone else.
Lola Apr 22nd 2012 at 12:03 pm 19
Oh, dear. Clamato has been invoked.
I don’t live in NYC, but I’ve been there maybe 30 times and to NYC’s Chinatown at least 5 or 6 of them. Never would have gotten the Mott St. reference. It took me a couple of ticks to get it, but it was VERY funny when I did. I’ve sent this to my daughter who’s been living in Taipei for 4 years because I’m curious to see if she comes up with the same translation. Also, Taipei 101 is built to resemble the Chinese take-away cartons.
George P Apr 22nd 2012 at 12:42 pm 20
I must be culturally ignorant, too, because I had no idea what Mott Street represented. I guess those of us who live outside New York are just idiots.
I agree with the fact that fake Chinese is worse than no Chinese at all, but I don’t like being called uneducated for not knowing where Mott Street is.
As has been noted, there’s a big world outside New York City, and most of it doesn’t care about the details of New York City. I know you find that difficult to believe, but it’s true.
pepperjackcandy Apr 22nd 2012 at 02:23 pm 21
Doesn’t the Chinese actually say “women’s daily pigpen”?
waferthinmint Apr 22nd 2012 at 02:34 pm 22
i doubt it. but the last character is not clear to me. my chinese isn’t very good. (keeping in mind that it’s still better than SOME people’s geography. :-P)
fj Apr 22nd 2012 at 02:36 pm 23
I’ve been to Chinatown in San Francisco. I’ve been to Chinatown in London. Shoot… I’ve been Taipei. I’ve been to Shanghai…
Mott Street? Sounds like a place to get applesauce…
I guess I’m culturally ignorant, too.
Keera Apr 22nd 2012 at 02:47 pm 24
Everybody’s culturally ignorant about something. Everybody knows something that a lot of other people don’t know. It’s just the way it is - and one of the main reasons why the CIDU comments are so educational.
As a non-New Yorker and non-subscriber to the New Yorker, I had no idea what Mott Street represents, so nice to get that added information. The joke worked for me because of the Chinese characters. It’s also a bit an ewww.
Jeff S. Apr 22nd 2012 at 02:57 pm 25
It’s an extra ewww if you nuke the wrong box for lunch the next day.
turquoisecow Apr 22nd 2012 at 03:42 pm 26
I’ve actually BEEN to Chinatown in NYC but I hadn’t heard of Mott Street. I associate Chinatown NYC with Canal Street, but then I’m not hugely familiar with the area. I understood the joke because of the Chinese characters. Leaving out the characters, it might work if the woman leaving the building were more distinctly Asian in appearance, or wearing traditional Asian clothing, or the crematorium had a pagoda-style design. But I do know that in Chinatown it’s quite common to see Chinese characters on everything, so it works.
The first two cartoons were not overtly funny to me, but the rest got a
if not a lol.
Mark M Apr 22nd 2012 at 03:49 pm 27
I like the “Honk” cartoon, but I’m a little confused as to why all the cars seem to driving straight at the group. Wouldn’t their chances of getting through be better if they attempted to go around them?
Like jjmcgaffey, I don’t get the joke in the stripper comic.
Ian Osmond Apr 22nd 2012 at 04:59 pm 28
Chinatown starts at Essex Street, and goes from the old Combat Zone to the Theater District.
EVERYBODY knows that, right Waferthinmint? Even people who don’t live in Boston? Because, see, Boston is the Hub of the Universe, so everyone should know all the details about which streets define our neighborhoods.
Seriously, man — being annoyed at randomly copying Chinese characters — THAT I get. Totally understandable. But suggesting that “Mott Street” == “Chinatown” to anyone who doesn’t live around there? Are you serious?
Ian Osmond Apr 22nd 2012 at 05:02 pm 29
jjmcgaffey: the “joke” part of the submarine thing is more about using the periscope as a stripper pole, rather than the actual phrase. Although the phrase also has the subtle implication that, as there IS a standard-sounding phrase to express it, it’s a known and recognized hazard.
pepperjackcandy Apr 22nd 2012 at 05:17 pm 30
I actually thought it said “Mitt Street” at first.
And besides, everyone knows that Chinatown is at Wentworth and Cermak.
bAT L. Apr 22nd 2012 at 07:22 pm 31
I don’t think it’s part of the comic’s intended joke, but there appears to be only one female on that submarine.
Morris Keesan Apr 22nd 2012 at 08:07 pm 32
Kilby #7: I’d love to know how you access CIDU, without pulling out a computer.
Mark in Boston Apr 22nd 2012 at 09:15 pm 33
Well, the name of the magazine IS “The New Yorker” after all. It’s not a magazine for Bostonians such as me. We have The Atlantic Monthly.
furrykef Apr 22nd 2012 at 09:51 pm 34
I speak a fair bit of Japanese, which shares many characters with Chinese, and I have to say I have no problem at all with the use of Chinese in the cartoon. The characters actually look pretty decent, even if they’re the wrong ones. And… seriously, “racist”? It’s racist to say nonsense in a foreign language? Nobody calls me racist if I speak nonsensical “French”. If I had to write Chinese on a sign in a cartoon I’d likely make something up too (though probably something silly, like my best attempt to say “this is a sign”). In any case, if the reader does not know Chinese, then what the sign says is irrelevant; if the reader does, then they can have a good laugh at the cartoonist’s expense. I’m not really seeing a downside here.
…Seriously? Are you completely unaware that, if the reader has to use google to get the joke, the joke has already fallen flat on its face? I hope you never try comedy.
No, because nobody would be objecting in the first place…
James Pollock Apr 22nd 2012 at 10:16 pm 35
“If it were gibberish Yiddish, French, or Italian, would we be having this argument?”
Well, comic effect has been obtained by making “French” words through the simple expedient of placing “Le or La” in front of the English word to be “translated”, and making “Spanish” words by taking the English, prepending “el”, and adding “o” at the end. Then, there’s the “Swedish Chef” on the Muppet Show, who never spoke a word of Swedish (as explained by Jean Stapleton, when she appeared on the show, he’s actually speaking “Mock Swedish”.)
Returning to the cartoon in question, is it lazy? Yes. Is it hurtful? No.
On another front, Chinatown can be found at Burnside and Sixth.
Kilby Apr 22nd 2012 at 10:42 pm 36
I think the periscope strippers were intended to be a minor pun on “stripers” (striped bass).
P.S. @ Morris Keesan (31) - I had a feeling someone was going to call me out on this point. What I meant (@7) was that when I’m reading the comics (on paper or online), I don’t use a computer to figure out obscure details. I do enjoy reading about such obscure details here (later), but I’ve never had the opportunity to see and submit a CIDU (at least not before someone else already submitted it).
mitch4 Apr 22nd 2012 at 10:50 pm 37
Well, I’d say I do get pretty annoyed at fake Russian text — i.e. pretending to spell English words in closest-looking Cyrillic letters — when it uses я (the letter that looks like a backwards R) for R though that is not its sound, and somewhat when с (the letter that looks like C but sounds like S) is used for C.
Similarly for fake Greek text that uses uppercase Sigma to stand in for E which it sorta looks like.
zbicyclist Apr 22nd 2012 at 10:57 pm 38
.”
This is my nominee for “best apology of the year”. Bravo.
I think he has a good point about the Chinese characters (would it be so hard?), but even as semi-civilized Chicagoan who’s subscribed off-and-on to the New Yorker for decades I didn’t know Mott St was Chinese OR Mulberry St was Italian.
mitch4 Apr 22nd 2012 at 10:59 pm 39
William Gaddis’s great American novel The Recognitions has a diverting macabre story line in which a character leaves his cremation ashes to a monastery in Spain where, years ago, he spent some time living and studying. The package arrives with his return address but no clear labelling as to contents. The monks take it as perhaps a vitamin supplement powder, and begin adding it to the flour for their famous bread. The bread becomes even more celebrated. Among the later visitors who partake of it is the son of the deceased.
Cidu Bill Apr 22nd 2012 at 11:06 pm 40
I think my favorite gibberish-Yiddish is this, from The Producers (NSFW)
mitch4 Apr 22nd 2012 at 11:13 pm 41
I was briefly at Wentworth and Cermak this evening (see #29), but our party ended up at a Mexican restaurant on 18th Street off Ashland. That is indeed a largely Mexican-American neighborhood, whose ethnicity we recognize by calling it Pilsen.
Lost in A**2 Apr 23rd 2012 at 06:44 am 42
I’ve heard that Peter Sellers was pretty good at ‘mock languages.’ Occasionally he was heard, by native speakers, to be saying something insulting, when he wasn’t really saying anything at all.
On mock Yiddish: I remember seeing a poster for a University seminar on Yiddish that was written English, using the Hebrew alphabet. And the local Hillel society offers bumper stickers and other paraphernalia with the local university’s name written in Hebrew.
Lost in A**2 Apr 23rd 2012 at 06:45 am 43
I didn’t quite get that right: the school’s name written using the Hebrew alphabet.
MellowCake Apr 23rd 2012 at 08:37 am 44
How about a whole song in gibberish english? :
Kamino Neko Apr 23rd 2012 at 12:24 pm 45
MellowCake - I knew exactly what the song was going to be. I love that song…man, it is catchy.
Keera Apr 23rd 2012 at 12:35 pm 46
John Cleese does a wonderful version of “sounds like English”, inspired by what your typical radio program(me) sounds like. I found a sample here:
Lola Apr 23rd 2012 at 05:27 pm 47
MellowCake. Awesome. Thank you.
J-L Apr 23rd 2012 at 06:02 pm 48
I love the “Honk if You Support Us” gag. How wonderfully “Catch 22″-ish.
MollyJ Apr 24th 2012 at 12:15 am 49
Is it just me, or does the teacher dude in MellowCake’s video look like Ben Folds?
Crazy Sven Apr 24th 2012 at 09:05 am 50
New Yorker cartoons are a staple product that I grew up with. There have been a select few that I simply didn’t “get”, but they are few & far between. The Synchronized Peeing sketch nearly blew me out of my chair. I’d never seen it; however, it clearly illustrates the fact that women are known to go to the Ladies Room together reflexively, like synchronized swimmers.
Regarding the Mott Street bit; yes, it could have been done better and I’m sure it’s offensive to some…but the Chinese characters for “crematorium” may be had using any free online translator. It took me about two minutes. My Bucket List includes having a New Yorker cartoon published and I think that the editorial staff scrutinizes every aspect of a cartoon for continuity, so the random use of unrelated characters is a little sloppy. New Yorker is a New York product, hence the reference to Mott Street. If someone in Nebraska doesn’t get all the pieces of the puzzle…Google it. Assumed context should be enough either way.
The submarine cartoon is a simple mockery of the proliferation of the “pole dancing” fad that has swept the nation. The periscope has obvious phallic significance as well; not to mention that they are atop a vessel full of sex-starved men.
“Honk if You Support Us” is done in the classic New Yorker manner of simplistic perfection, leaving the reader with the paradoxical and subliminal punch-line.
Just my $0.02 worth.
Pinny Apr 24th 2012 at 02:46 pm 51
Re: CIDU BIll (#40)
There are enough real Yiddish words in there to make it sound genuine. Literally:
“All people must make [something] day an entire buckwheat urinating bellybutton defecating.”
The last 4 if these Yiddish words, “kasha, pishing, pupik, kahking” are examples of Yiddish sounding words that are often used when someone wants to sound like they are speaking Yiddish but in reality has no idea what they are saying. I assume that Mel Brooks knew this when he wrote the script as much as I would guess that Nathan Lane did not know their meanings when he said them.
Cidu Bill Apr 24th 2012 at 03:04 pm 52
Pinny, Nathan Lane said he just ad-libbed the sentence, so he probably just strung together every Yiddish or Yiddish-sounding word he’d ever remembered hearing.
The funniest part of the bit, as far as I’m concerned, remains “strangely enough, neither did he.”
The Ploughman Apr 25th 2012 at 02:50 pm 53
I’m late to the party, but could it be that the nonsensical Chinese characters are an extra subtle (even by New Yorker standards) joke? That the cartoonist, knowing full well he could look up a proper phrase in Chinese, decided to suggest that the business was less than authentically Chinese or head-nod to those who would recognize them and are frequently subjected to bizarre phrases in Chinese characters?
My favorite imitation of English is Aziz Ansari’s impression of an Indian imitating someone speaking English (I heard it in an interview on Marc Maron’s WTF podcast). It went something like “Orsch! Gorsh! Warshborsh!” Like the Swedish Chef with a mouthful of taffy.Gambellara
From opulent luxury hotels to kitschy boutique hotels, you can book your hotel room in Gambellara at the lowest rate guaranteed on Agoda.com. We offer a wide range of hotels to help you find the best place to stay in Gambellara. Many areas, each with a distinctive atmosphere, are just waiting to be discovered across the city. Gambellara has many attractions to explore with its fascinating past, intriguing present and exciting future. There are so many things to do, you may want to stay an extra week or so to experience them all. Don't delay and book today to get the best hotel deals in Gambellara!Recently,.
“a manufactured item (1) which is formed to a specific shape or design during manufacture, (2) which has end-use function(s) depending in whole or in part upon its shape or design during end use, and (3) which has either no change of chemical composition during its end use or only those changes of composition that have no commercial purpose separate from that of an article, and that results from a chemical reaction that occurs upon end use of other chemical substances, mixtures, or articles.”Milan are reportedly close to a deal with Manchester City for midfielder Nigel De Jong for €7m – around £5.5m.
The Rossoneri had said on Tuesday that their transfer market had concluded with the arrival of Bojan Krkic from Roma and Caen striker M’Baye Niang.
However, it’s reported that negotiations are in full swing with City for the 27-year-old Dutch international.
De Jong’s contract expires in June 2013, so he is considered to be a valid target who could arrive relatively cheap.
There are suggestions that Barbara Berlusconi – the daughter of President Silvio Berlusconi, member of the Board of Directors and girlfriend of Alexandre Pato – was crucial in convincing her father to push ahead with the transfer.
British media claim Milan are still hoping to get De Jong on loan for £2m, but that seems to be unlikely.
He arrived from Hamburg in 2009 and recently rejected a contract extension at Manchester City, as he would prefer to find more playing time elsewhere.
Think you know your Italian football? Share your knowledge, tips and comments to win cash prizes in OLBG's tipster competition - £11,000 to be won monthly!Highly skilled and experienced product designer with a proven track record in developing a wide variety of commercially-successful products. Have worked in fourteen countries, building a more global understanding of market requirements, various materials, factory capabilities, cultural taste, and product needs. Highly adept in project management and its in-depth integration on all aspects of product development. CORE QUALIFICATIONS • Exceptional ability in product design for tabletop, home décor, gifts, Christmas trim, fashion accessories, furniture, soft home, and toys. • Compelling designs for exhibition stands, trade fairs, and visual merchandising including planning, construction, and set-up. • Strong graphic design skills for packaging, stationery, corporate identity, and marketing collaterals. • Adept in dealing with international buyers and vendors for product development and production requirements. Liaises all activities from start to finish, undertaking multiple tasks simultaneously. • Extensive experience in natural materials development focusing on innovative uses and sustainability encompassing the whole value chain. • Enjoys challenging the status quo, encouraging innovative thinking and experimentation for new product ideas and processes. • Thorough knowledge and experience in fair trade, entrepreneurship development, and production methods including planning, costing, quality control, and training. • High proficiency in CorelDraw, 3D Studio Max, Adobe Photoshop, MS Office, and craft-related skills such as painted finishes, paper-making, resin and paper molding, sculpting and casting, resin lamination, and various multi-media prototyping
Developed commercially-successful products sold in Asia, Australia, Europe, and the USA to buyers such as Crate and Barrel, Pier 1, Anthropologie, Target, Hobby Lobby, Body Shop, IKEA, Raeder Wohnzubehoer, Drescher, Artfleur, Gisela Graham, Paperchase, Mindart, and Myer.
Undertaken project management for intensive livelihood development programs in Asia sponsored by the World Fair Trade Organization Asia (WFTO), USAID, ILO, Swisscontact, SDC-Asia, Oxfam Great Britain, EEC/EU, and GTZ. These projects created small enterprises with some becoming big suppliers and exporters.
Conducted trends research bought and used by manufacturing industries in the Philippines and members of WFTO-Asia. Developed natural materials as components and transferred technologies to community-based enterprises as a livelihood. The materials became staples in the manufacturing industries such as water hyacinth sheets, rubberized corn husk sheets, and laminated bacbac.
Created internationally award-winning bamboo-based snacks, the first of its kind in the world. Led the development of food variants, package and label design, marketing collaterals, and exhibitions.
Developed commercially-successful seasonal decors, gifts, stationery, and home accessories sold in Asia, Australia, Europe, and the USA.
Assisted more than 20 companies in Asia covering almost 50,000 artisans in developing market-oriented designs, with many of the products successfully penetrating the mainstream market for the first time. Contributed to the continuous success of products bought by fair trade buyers such as SERVV, Ten Thousand Villages, Traidcraft, Artisanat SEL, and Oxfam.
Successful project management for product development, skills upgrading, and entrepreneurship training programs which improved competitiveness of members.
Developed commercially successful designs and expanded product lines of this company who just entered the floral and gifts business. Introduced new products, vendors, and undertaken exhibition and showroom designs in Europe. Products were bought by IKEA, Karstadt, Yves Rocher, and Body Shop.
Designer for gifts, house ware, furnishings, decorative accessories, holiday decors, fashion accessories, ceramics, basketry, toys, textile-based products, and leathergoods. Underwent training and study missions on product design, marketing, and production in the Philippines and Europe (Germany, France, and the United Kingdom). Traveled extensively around the Philippines for design-related projects and successfully assisted small producers who became established exporters.
Finished Advanced Training Program in Industrial Design under a scholarship grant from the Cari Duisberg Gesellschaft, e.V. in Germany. Course covered 15-months on design skills development, projects, seminars and workshops, visits to trade fairs, buyers, design studios, museums, and a 2-month practicum with two German manufacturers: Behr Moebel and Ursula Maier Werkstaetten.
Specialties
Affiliations
AwardsYou are hereWho’s Racist Now? Europe’s Increasing Intolerance.”
One can appreciate Merkel’s candor but it does say something the limitations about the continent’s ability, and even willingness, to absorb immigrants. It’s quite a change from the generations-old tendency among Europeans, particularly on the left, to denigrate America as a kind of hot bed for racism. Yet even before the latest report of potential terrorist attacks in several western European cities, the center of Islamophobia – and related ethnic hatreds – has been shifting inexorably to the European continent.
Of course, America has always had its bigots, and still does. And of course, Islamists who threaten or commit violence need to be arrested and thrown behind bars. But, to date, neither major political party has been able to make openly white-supremacist politics a successful leading platform. After all, what was the last time anyone took Pat Buchanan , who has made comments similar to those of Merkel, seriously? Despite the brouhaha over the Arizona anti-illegal alien law, only 5% of Americans consider immigration the nation’s most pressing issue, according to a September Gallup poll.
The situation in Europe is quite different. Openly racist, anti-immigrant and Islamophobic groupings are on the rise, and they are wreaking havoc on once subdued European politics. Traditional mainstream parties are declining, and the new racist parties can be seen in broad daylight in Austria, Switzerland, Denmark, Sweden and the Netherlands, where populist firebrand Geert Wilders has suggested banning the Koran. In Italy the anti-immigrant Northern League is already hugely powerful.
It is true that as many Europeans as Americans–about half–think immigration is bad for their countries. The big difference is what Europeans are willing to do about it. Just consider French President Nicholas Sarkozy’s farcical effort this fall to expel the hapless Roma.
Yet for most Europeans the big issue is not purse-snatching gypsies but fear and loathing toward the expanding presence of Muslims–who are at least three times as numerous in the E.U. as in the U.S. Over half of Spaniards and Germans, according to Pew, hold negative views of Muslims. So do roughly 40% of the French. In contrast, only 23% of Americans share this sentiment.
More disturbing, Europe is actually putting these ethnic hostilities into law. An early sign came this winter, when the usually phlegmatic Swiss voted to prohibit the building of new minarets. More recently a ban on burqas – the admittedly unattractive female body suits favored by some orthodox Muslims – passed in France, home to Europe’s largest Muslim community. The same measure is now being considered in Spain.
These actions reflect a broad, and deepening, stream of European public opinion. A recent Pew survey found that over 80% of the French support banning the burqa, as do over 70% of Germans and a large majority of Spaniards and British.
In contrast, nearly two-thirds of Americans find the burqa ban distasteful. Burqas don’t exactly stir admiring glances in the shopping mall, but few Amercians think we need to ban them. The basic ideal of “don’t tread on me” means “don’t tread on them” as well – at least until they start blowing themselves up at Wal-mart.
This nuance escapes some of our own knee-jerk racial obsessives, like the Atlanta Journal Constitution’s Cynthia Tucker, who equates opposition to a mosque at Ground Zero as proof of a “new McCarthyism” aimed against Muslims. But you don’t have to be a bigot to have second thoughts about erecting a mosque at the very spot where innocents were slaughtered by radical Islamists.
Critical here are profound differences between the U.S. and Europe in the role played by ethnicity, race and religion. On the continent national culture is precisely that — the product of a long history of a particular ethnic group. Small minorities, such as Jews in Holland or Armenians in France, are tolerated but expected to submerge their ethnic identities. France has many artists and writers who may be Jewish, but you don’t see many French Woody Allens or Larry Davids who exploit their otherness to help define the national culture.
Muslim attitudes in Europe are not exactly helpful either. European Muslims often seem more interested in breaking the national mold than adding to its contours. More than 80% of British Muslims, for example, identify themselves as Muslims first before being British. This is true of nearly 70% of Muslims in Spain or Germany. Similarly, up to 40% of Britain’s Islamic population believe that terrorist attacks on both Americans and their fellow Britons are justified.
This alienation also reflects an appalling social and economic reality. In European countries immigrants can receive welfare more easily than join the workforce, and their job prospects are confined by education levels that lag those of immigrants in the United States, Canada and Australia. In France unemployment among immigrants–particularly those from Muslim countries–is often at least twice that of the native born; in Britain Muslims are far more likely to be out of the workforce than either Christians or Hindus.
Partly due to a less generous welfare state, American immigrant workers with lower educations have, for the most part, been more economically active than their nonimmigrant counterparts. The contrast is even more telling among Muslim immigrants. In America most Muslims are comfortably middle class, with income and education levels above the national average. They are more likely to be satisfied with the state of the country, their own community and their prospects for success than are other Americans—even in the face of the reaction to 9-ll.
More important still, more than half of Muslims identify themselves as Americans first, a far higher percentage than in the various countries of Western Europe. More than four in five are registered to vote, a sure sign of civic involvement. Almost three-quarters, according to a Pew study, say they have never been discriminated against–something that is definitely not the case in Europe where a majority, according to Pew, complain of discrimination.
Over time, these differences between Europe and America may become even more pronounced. America is becoming increasingly diverse, but it is also growing demographically, and Muslims make up a very small part of that. There’s little fear in Anerica of the kind of Muslim envelopment that appears to threaten a rapidly aging, and soon to be depopulating, Europe.
Of course the U.S. still has its bigoted Islamophobes, just as it has its own small cadre of vicious Islamists. One law of history appears to be that morons will be morons. But America’s culture seems strong enough to resist the anti-immigrant hysteria emerging throughout Europe. This is one case where la difference between America and Europe may prove a very good thing indeed.Vega Fina Magnum
6 x 60 - Natural - Box of 20.?
IN PICTURES: Debunking 10 Budget Myths.? (For related reading, check out Attention Discount Shoppers: Don Buy Just Because It's On Sale.)? (For more guidelines on tipping, read When To Tip? And How Much?). (Get some great (and reasonable) saving tips in 5 Painless Ways To Save More Money.)
IN PICTURES: 20 Lazy Ways To Save Money
Thrifty: Taking Advantage of a Good Deal
Cheap: Taking Advantage. (You caffeine habit may be costing more than you think. Find out just how much in The Real Cost Of Drinking Coffee.)
Thrifty: Cutting Out Internet and Cable.
Find out what happened in financial news this week. Read Water Cooler Finance: G20 Leader Spats And China Fakes It.penguin crafts for kids
Paper Plate Penguin
Show the kids how to make this easy Paper Plate
Egg Shaped Penguin
This Egg Shaped Penguin is an easy cut and paste penguin
Beaded Penguin
Kids and grownups both love penguins. After the kids have fun
Easy Proud Penguin Parents
These Easy Proud Penguin Parents were designed by our latest
Styrofoam Cup Penguin
Create this cute arctic styrofoam cup penguin with the simplest
Hand and Footprint Penguin
This Hand and Footprint Penguin is an easy craft for
Footprint Penguin
Footprints and handprints are treasured keepsakes for grandparents and parentsHamburg
this wiki
Sesamstrasse's Ernie and Bert in front of the Hamburg City Hall (2006).
Henson & Juhl at the US Food Fair 1961 in Hamburg, Germany
Silent footage of Jim Henson & Jerry Juhl at the Hamburg City Hall (1961).
Kevin Clash in Hamburg, overseeing the training of German Sesamstrasse Muppeteers (ca. 2004).
Pferd and Wolle visit the Hamburg Planetarium in Eine Möhre für Zwei.
Melvin Ming with NDR head Lutz Marmor and Bert, Cookie Monster and Ernie at Sesamstrasse's 40th birthday party in January 2013 in Hamburg.
Hamburg is Germany's second largest city (after the country's capital Berlin), one of the 16 states of Germany, and the European Union's eighth-largest city. Though the first permanent settlements have been traced back as far as 4000 BC, the city takes its name from the "Hammaburg," a fortress ordered built on the site by Roman Emperor Charles the Great in 808 AD.
A resident of Hamburg is referred to as a Hamburger.
The city is also home to Studio Hamburg, a renowned production house that has been involved in a multitude of Muppet projects over the decades.
Muppet Connections
- Between November 10 and 19, 1961, Jim Henson and Jerry Juhl performed various Muppet routines at the US Agriculture's Food Fair at the Hamburg City Hall, as chronicled in Jim Henson's Red Book.[1]
- In 1973, Sesamstrasse, the first international co-production of Sesame Street, began to air as a dubbed version, produced at Studio Hamburg. In 1977, a German set and puppets were added. Caroll Spinney has made several visits to the city to appear on the show as Bibo.
- Early on in his career, Muppet photographer John E. Barrett lived and worked in Hamburg as an apprentice photojournalist for German photo news agency Conti-Press.
- In 1984, Große Show für kleine Leute was taped in Hamburg. Uncle Traveling Matt appeared on the show, still stunned from his visit to the city's red-light district St. Pauli - Reeperbahn.
- For the 1993 special Sesame Street Stays Up Late!, Sesamstrasse characters Tiffy, Samson and Finchen roamed the streets of Buxtehude (a small town that is part of the greater Hamburg Metropolitan Region).
- The German language version of Dog City was dubbed at Studio Hamburg.
- The Vision of Jim Henson was a Muppet exhibition that visited Hamburg twice, showcasing Sesamstrasse characters among the regular Muppets on display during its second visit:
- From June 23 to September 10, 1995: at the Chilehaus am Borchardplatz
- Sometime in 1996: at the HEW (Hamburgische Electricitäts-Werke) Haus (admission free)
- One of the exhibition's promotional posters featured an image of Miss Piggy, that was initially taken for the Miss Piggy Paper Doll by Colorforms in 1980. Miss Piggy's trunk used in the photo and on the product incidentally dons a sticker from one of Hamburg's most well-known hotels, "Europäischer Hof" (European Court). The sticker further reads "Hamburg 1," (the zip code at the time).
Ernie with his fellow presenters and winners at the 10th Hamburg Animation Awards (2013).
- For Sesamstrasse's 30th anniversary special in 2003, Ernie and Bert were shipped to Hamburg to make special appearances not only on the special, but every now and then throughout the coming seasons. The Elmo puppet was used on promotional photos, but not during the actual show; Kevin Clash had brought the puppet along, while overseeing the training of Ernie and Bert's German Muppeteers. The two characters have since appeared all throughout the city for outdoor inserts.
- For the annual KI.KA Sommer Tour, Hamburg is the only city to feature live appearances of all three original puppet versions of Samson, Ernie and Bert. Other cities showcase walk-around versions of the characters.
- nachtmagazin, a national nightly news broadcast from Hamburg, had Ernie on as a special guest to comment on Sesame Street's 40th Anniversary, as reports from the Sesame Street Day event in New York City were shown.
- Eine Möhre für Zwei, the first German Sesame spin-off show, is being produced in and around Hamburg since 2010, featuring many of the city's sites in extensive outdoor scenes.
- Local news program Hamburg Journal aired several behind-the-scenes features on Eine Möhre für Zwei to promote the series, as well as the 40th Anniversary of Sesamstrasse in 2013.
- German Muppeteers Martin Paas and Carsten Morar-Haffke visited the Hamburg-based news and entertainment program DAS!, along with Wolle and Pferd, in 2012. In 2013, for a week-long feature on Sesamstrasse's 40th Anniversary, Pferd, Wolle, Ernie and Bert, Elmo, Finchen and the Wolf guested as well.
- Sesamstrasse's official 40th Anniversary Birthday Party was celebrated at NDR headquarters in Hamburg on January 7, 2013. In attendance were, among others, H. Melvin Ming, Cookie Monster (performed by David Rudman), Pferd, Wolle, Finchen, Elmo, Ernie & Bert at Sesamstrasse's 40th anniversary press conference birthday party, and Samson, Ernie & Bert at the 40th Anniversary live concert (a variation of NDR Radiophilharmonie mit Ernie, Bert und Samson).
- On August 6, 2013, Ernie was a presenter for the 10th Hamburg Animation Awards ceremony in the Audience Award category (the winner was Israel's puppet-themed short Happily Ever After). Other presenters included German Cookie Monster voice artist Douglas Welbat and longtime Disney animator Andreas Deja. The prize is awarded annually by the Hamburg Chamber of Commerce.The …
Tag Archive: SHRM
Oct 26 2011
HRD program recognized
Tags: Association of Technology, College of Business and Technology, Harold Doty, HR Curriculum Guidebook and Templates, human resources, Jerry W. Gilley, Management and Applied Engineering, SHRM, Society for Human Resource Management, University of Texas at Tyler, UT Tyler, UT Tyler Department of Human Resource Development and Technology, UTA lot of people these days are saying that trade shows aren’t what they used to be. That may be so; however that way of thinking certainly can’t be applied when regarding the recently concluded PMA Fresh Summit in Anaheim. I was lucky enough to have attended, and let me say right off, it was without a doubt one of the best shows I have been to in recent years.
From the very beginning, with hundreds of attendees standing outside the show floor doors waiting for entrance, up until post close, when building maintenance turned down the lights on exhibitors who were still milling about, the show was abuzz.
Now I can’t says how much business was actually accomplished, but just speaking with attendees and exhibitors, I can safely say I was not the only one impressed with Fresh Summit.
I, for one, am already looking forward to visiting Orlando for Fresh Summit 2010.Identities of Oikos Shooting Victims Released
Hundreds of people gathered for a memorial service Tuesday night to remember the seven people killed at the Oikos University shooting on Monday.
The victims, who came from the Philippines, India, Nepal, Nigeria and the United States, were between the ages of 21 to 53.
On Tuesday six of the seven identities were released by the Alameda County Coroner's Office. The seventh victim's name was released by her father.
The victims were Doris Chibuko, Judith Seymour, Grace Eunhea Kim, Katleen Ping, Lydia Sim, Bhutia Tshering and Sonam Chodon.
In a San Francisco Chronicle report Chibuko was described by her husband as "a very happy person, very caring, very loving."
Chibuko, 40, was only two months away from graduating from the Oikos University nursing program. She was born in Nigeria, where she was an attorney in Enugu. In 2002, she immigrated to the U.S. after marrying Efanye Chibuko. She was the mother of three children, aged three and eight.
Seymour, 53, was a student at Oikos and was receiving clinical training at the state prison in Vacaville. She was supposed to graduate in June.
Seymour's eight-year partner, Timothy Brown, said she "had a great bedside manner and she could establish a rapport with patients. She was very tender. She had the touch."
Brown also told the San Francisco Chronicle that Seymour was the daughter of nurses from Guyana, who returned to school after being laid off from her job as a tax analyst.
Along with Brown, Seymour is survived by her two adult children.
Kim, 23, was a nursing school student at Oikos University. She graduated from Foothill High School in Pleasanton in 2007.
Kim worked at BJ's Restaurant while going to school. One of her co-workers, James Villanueva, remembered her as "full of life. She was truly the life of the party."
Ping, 24, who was identified by her father, was remembered as "the rock of her family."
She was a secretary in the Administration Department at Oikos University. Ping worked at the front desk where the gunman took her hostage before he killed her.
Ping had been working at Oikos for seven months in order to support her 4-year-old son and the rest of her family. She and her family immigrated to the U.S. from the Philippines in 2007. Ping's husband still lives in the Philippines and had been in the process of getting permission to move to the U.S.
"She's with the Lord," said her father, Liberty Ping. "She's in a better place right now."
Sim, 21, was the youngest of the seven victims. She was a nursing student at Oikos, who was described by friends and family as "a happy person who always had a smile on her face."
Sim's brother, Daniel Sim, said his sister "loved children, and children loved being around her."
He said his sister was drawn to Oikos University because of it's faith-based education and large Korean-American student population.
Although Sim was a nursing student, her goal was to one day become a pediatrician.
Tshering, 38, was described as a "gentle Buddhist" from India. He was a nursing school student at Oikos and was killed when the gunman stole his car outside the university, according to The Contra Costa Times.
Chodon, 33, was the child of Tibetan refugees and also grew up in India. She was a nursing student at Oikos.
Before moving to the U.S. a year and a half ago, Chodon worked in education administration for Tibet's exiled government. She worked for five years in the Education of Central Tibetan Administration in India and was a member of the Tibetan Association of Northern California.
Tenzin Tsedup, family spokesman and president of the Tibetan Association of Northern California, said their community is in "shock" over Chodon's death.
"There are many horrific things happening in Tibet and now we have to face yet another tragedy in the U.S.," said Tsedup.
Three other people were wounded in Monday's shooting.
The 43-year-old gunman, One L. Goh, was charged Wednesday with seven counts of murder as well as three charges for attempted murder.
Goh may also face a special circumstance allegation for multiple murders, which could potentiality make him eligible for the death penalty.
Goh admitted in court documents to bringing a .45- caliber handgun and four magazines of ammunition to Oikos. In the documents he also acknowledged that he shot several people before fleeing the scene, according to police. He surrendered an hour after the shooting.
Goh will make his first appearance in Alameda County Superior Court on Monday.
The Associate Press contributed to this report.
RELATED:
Deadly Shooting at Oakland Religious College
Neon Tommy: Suspected Oakland School Shooter to be Arraigned Today
The first time I heard about the shooting @ Oikos University, I was shocked!!! Later that night, I found out through my dad that my cousin was one of the victims that were killed in this horrible shooting rampage. I never really got the chance to even meet my cousin personally but I know that she's in a better place now. I'm just hoping that justice will be served for all the people that were killed in this horrible massacre. May they all rest in peace!!! I would like to express my condolences to all the family of the victims.Marcelo set the Brazilian Men’s National Team off to a disastrous start with a howler of an own goal, and World Cup fans were FED UP.
Searching for a way to make their displeasure known, people took to launching barbs at the outside back on Twitter– or so they thought:
To all those hurling abuse at me for scoring an own goal, please re-direct your anger to @12MarceloV. Thank you
— Marcello (@Marcello) June 12, 2014
C’mon guys. Marcelo has ONE L.
Football fans not English graduates… “@kangaroo_jaack: Worried about the literacy levels of all the people tweeting abuse to @Marcello”
— Marcello (@Marcello) June 12, 2014
Also, if you’re looking to reach out to other players in reference to today’s match, @Fred is not Fred, and @Oscar is not Oscar.
Brazil won their opener against Croatia 3-1.
2014 FIFA World Cup, Brazil, Croatia, Fred, Marcelo, Oscar, World Cup, Soccer-
- News
- Calendar
- Blogs
- Sports
- Entertainment
- Business
- Lifestyles
- Community
- Opinion
-
- Classifieds
- Coupons
- Local Savings
- Green Editions
- Legal Notices
- Contests
- Weekly Ads
Connect with Us
-
-
-
- NEWSLETTERS
Lakewood Cougar boys basketball to play for state berth
MOUNT VERNON — Cameron Fry was thinking the same thing each of the six times he stepped to the foul line inside the final minute of play — Yakima. (Order photo reprints.)
"That's all I was thinking: Get to Yakima," said Fry, who made six consecutive free throw attempts in the final minute to seal Lakewood's first district win in at least seven years. "We have fought so long to get here, we weren't going to go down without a fight."
Which is exactly what Lakewood got before pulling out a 69-63 victory in a loser-out game over Cedarcrest March 2.
"It was sloppy at times, but we ground it out," said Lakewood coach Matt Hart.
The Cougars are just one win away from the school's first state-tournament appearance at Yakima's SunDome. Hart's boys play Mount Baker at 8 p.m. on March 4 at Mount Vernon in a winner-to-state game.
In what has become Lakewood's style, the Cougars started slow out of the gate, trailing the Red Wolves by as many as seven points in the first quarter.
Riding junior Tre' Haslom's five consecutive points, Lakewood evened the score at 21-21 about halfway through the second quarter.
"Tre's getting a lot better at defense and he's such a gifted athlete with the ability to play around the rim that he can really help us out on the boards, and that's where he was best tonight," Hart said of the 6-4 junior who scored 17 points.
Lakewood exchanged a handful of leads with Cedarcrest in the following eight minutes, but took lead for good on Fry's third-quarter trey, making the score 28-25.
"He's our rock," Hart said. "Cameron has been our leader all season and he's really stepping up and maturing out there."
Fry scored a game-high 21 points to go along with his five assists, five rebounds and three steals.
Lakewood split the two-game, regular season series with Cedarcrest and was able to duplicate a winning gameplan.
"We were able to find our inside game tonight," Fry said. "And that kind of opened up the rest for us."
Lakewood's inside game, which combined with Cedarcrest's lack of outside shooting (6-for-22 from beyond the arc) resulted in the Cougars holding onto, and expanding its lead to as many as 11 in the fourth quarter.
Latest news, top stories, and community events,
delivered to your inbox.
Trending Stories May 15 - May 22
Read the May 16
Green Edition
Browse the print edition page by page, including stories and ads.Coleman leads Hickory past Grove City
SLIPPERY ROCK -- DeShawn Coleman rushed 14 times for 190 yards and three touchdowns Saturday as Hickory defeated Grove City 35-13 in a District 10 Class AA semifinal game at Mihalik Thompson Stadium.
The Hornets (10-1) dominated on the ground, rushing 33 times for 400 yards. Coleman scored from 5 yards out in the second quarter, then added a 60-yard touchdown run in the third quarter and a 75-yard touchdown in the fourth.
Matt Voytik and Michael Palumbo also scored for the Hornets.
Grove City struggled in the first half, falling into a 14-0 hole.
The Eagles managed a 4-yard touchdown run by Tanner Lucido in the third quarter and a 6-yard run by Foster Reznor in the fourth.
Grove City, which ended its season at 9-2, compiled 272 total yards, 267 coming on the ground.
Hickory will face the winner of the Wilmington-Greenville game in the District 10 Class AA championship game.
What do you think?Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 41 other languages.
Most often used by people in the United States
All languages
FREE cancellation on most rooms!
Instant confirmation when you reserve
See where others are staying...
ul. Droga Turystyczna 10, 58-562 Przesieka, Poland
Wonderful
Score from 30 reviews
Dolina Czerwienia 6, 58-563 Przesieka, Poland
ul. Pulaskiego 5A, 58-562 Podgórzyn, Poland
ul. Żołnierska 73b, 58-562 Podgórzyn, Poland
Good
Score from 8 reviews
Zachełmie 68 A,B, 58-562 Podgórzyn, Poland
Excellent
Score from 32 reviews
Zachełmie 24, 58-562 Podgórzyn, Poland
Good
Score from 12 reviews
Sabały 7A, 58-570 Jelenia Góra, Poland
Wonderful
Score from 57 reviews
58-570 Podgórzyn,..
Pastor Regina Johnson and Refresh Radio
in Podcasting
Pastor Johnson has a live audience and panel as she discusses the social issues of today from a biblical standpoint. It is an outstanding show every time! Don't miss it!
"Percolate" with Elizabeth Hamilton-Guarino!
This week, author Elizabeth Hamilton-Guarino will talk about her empowering, heartwarming, and often humorous book, and how it can help you wake up to what’s possible!
Allow your heart and mind to simmer with fresh ideas to achieve your goals and enhance your wellbeing, and enable your
spirit and passion to rise to the top like the foam on your latte.
Elizabeth is the founder and CEO of the Best Ever You Network, and understands firsthand the challenges life can bring. She.
You can find out more about Elizabeth by visiting her websites: ElizabethHamiltonGuarino.com and BestEverYou.com..
Author2Author with Brooke Johnson
Bill welcomes Steampunk novelist Brooke Johnson to the show. Join Bill and Brooke as they discuss all things fictional, mechanical, steamy, and punky. Don't miss it!.
The Women Show with host Elizabeth Black
in Pop Culture
The Women Show is an experiment in radio. It has four hosts , four show, four viewpoints...you never know what each show will be like
Tonight's host is author Elizabeth Black
Her guest is Gina Kincade
her bio-- has five pseudonyms, to-date, in other genres including: YA and children's.
She is the C.E.O of Naughty Night Press, a quality publisher of primarily erotica, contemporary romance and paranormal fiction. A busy mom to three children, she lives in her wild household of two rambunctious dogs and a devoted, loving cat that believes herself to be royalty and prefers to sit on Gina's computer whenever Gina is attempting to meet her deadlines. Her life is full, time is never on her side, and she wouldn't change a moment of it!:
- ...
Today's Best Podcasts
Join Host Live Chats
- Prophet Laron Matthews (1 chatters)
Get Social with BTR“The Santa Clara University MBA program provides you with an ethical framework by which to do business, and that’s extremely important to me.” - Michael Enos
Michael Enos, CTO of Second Harvest Food Bank, decided to further improve his knowledge and make a bigger impact in the community through Santa Clara University’s Leavey School of Business MBA program. As a successful businessman in his forties, Michael already had extensive experience when he joined the program, however he wanted to do what he could to meet increasing needs within the community. “The more we can scale our operations efficiently, the better stewards of donor dollars we are and the better we can optimize what we have to help the community,” Michael said. “The Santa Clara MBA gives us the tools to do that.”
The curriculum was a large factor of Michael’s decision to go to Santa Clara. Not only would he be learning from professors who were experts in their fields, but he would get the quantative skills to help him apply a more measured sense of discipline to his work. “Santa Clara’s curriculum also has an element that focuses on the humanistic and behaviorial aspects of business as well as the economic aspect,” commented Michael. “They teach you about the triple bottom line – that there are people, profit and planet involved in business.”
With his MBA, Michael has been able to directly influence not only his local food bank community, but the national food bank community as well. “I work on governance committees and consortiums that create systems and technologies for the national food bank netowork (Feeding America),” explained Michael. “I’ve been able to take the tools and skills I learned at Leavey and provide value to the entire network of food banks at a national level.”The Deal
- $27 for a Frank Worth limited-edition 11”x17” lithograph (up to $199 list price)
- Free shipping and free returns<p>
####Frank Worth Limited-Edition 11"x17" Lithographs Frank Worth's talent and charm earned him a spot on some of Hollywood’s most iconic movie sets, from _The Seven Year Itch_ to _Giant_. Worth's unprecedented access to stars including James Dean, Elizabeth Taylor, and Marilyn Monroe was earned through genuine friendships and hilarious chain emails, granting his work a decidedly intimate and authentic quality. The 11"x17" limited-edition lithographs lend a nostalgic touch to home or office interiors.
#####Features * Vintage celebrity portraits by famed photographer Frank Worth * 12 iconic images * Subjects such as James Dean, Frank Sinatra, or Marilyn Monroe's beauty mark * Limited-edition lithographs * 11"x17". 27, 2009
The suite of model licenses on has been updated and new model licenses added. There are now six model licenses: for single academic institutions, academic consortia, public libraries, and corporate/special libraries, and for the purchase of e-books and archives, together with a simple license for 30 or 60 day trials.
Licensingmodels.com's list of model licenses was introduced in 1999 and updated in 2001 before the recent review.
()Screening breast cancers for three receptors could help doctors predict the likely survival of patients with brain metastases. A study published in the open access journal Breast Cancer Research shows that patients with tumours that are negative for estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and human epidermal growth receptor-2 (HER2) or that are HER2+/ER- appear to be most at risk from developing brain metastases. Survival is also correlated to the triple receptor status.
This is the first time that researchers have documented a possible link between breast cancer subtypes and the incidence and prognosis of brain metastases, which occur in up to one third of metastatic breast cancer patients.
A team from the National Cancer Centre in the Republic of Korea analysed data from 126 patients with brain metastases from a pool of 805 patients diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer and treated at the Centre. The presence or absence of ER, PR and HER2 were tested by immunohistochemical staining and/or fluorescent in situ hybridisation.
More than half of the patients with early (non-metastatic) breast cancer were of the luminal A subtype (ER or PR+ and HER2-). The proportion of patients with HER2+/ER- or triple-negative tumours was significantly higher among patients with brain metastases compared to the early breast cancer population, suggesting that these latter two subtypes were associated with the development of brain metastases.
The analysis also showed a correlation between the survival of patients and their triple receptor subtypes following the diagnosis of brain metastases, the survival time of which is just 3 - 6 months. Patients with luminal A (4.0 months) and triple-negative tumours (3.4 months) had a similar shorter survival time compared with luminal B (ER or PR+ and HER2+; 9.2 months) and HER2+/ER- (5.0 months) tumours.
Patients with HER2-positive tumours experienced a significant survival benefit if they were treated with trastuzumab after their brain metastases were diagnosed.
"Our study suggests that the triple-negative subtype should be added to the list of risk factors for developing BM," remarks Jungsil Ro, the study's corresponding author. "Approximately 10-15% of all breast cancer presents this phenotype; they have a poor prognosis and are more likely to develop brain metastases. Triple receptor status can also help to predict survival even after brain metastases have been diagnosed. We now need to develop ways to screen for these subtypes and find the best ways to manage patients with this more aggressive phenotype."
Notes to Editors:
1. Breast cancer subtypes and survival in patients with brain metastases
Byung-Ho Nam, Sun Young Kim, Hye-Suk Han, Youngmee Kwon, Keun Seok Lee, Tae Hyun Kim and Jungsil Ro Prof Sir Bruce Ponder (UK) and has an Impact Factor of 4.16.
3. BioMed Central (.Kickoff to Success Football Camp will show Fort Dodge kids that it is possible to be a success.
Brandon Meriweather of the Washington Redskins and Dezman Moses of the Kansas City Chiefs are participating in the one-day youth football camp.
"It's just a day where the kids can come and do their whole fun football thing, but also get some inspiration and have it live for the day," Vanessa Brown, event organizer, said. "Just to see someone come into their town who came from a smaller town, and stayed in school and made their own path and came out successful. I want them to see that."
-Messenger photo by Hans MadsenVanessa Brown tosses a football into the air Thursday morning at Dodger Stadium as a group of youths play on the field. Brown has helped organize the “Kickoff to Success Football Camp”
Brown, a Fort Dodge native, said such inspiration can be hard to find in a small town.
"You always see it on TV, but you never really see it in person, so it seems kind of farfetched sometimes, with goals and things like that," she said. "I wanted them to have it in their face, be able to shake their hand and see firsthand and hear from them their stories, and be able to do some football with them. Just motivate them, really."
Getting professional National Football League players involved was its own challenge.
Kickoff to Success
Kickoff to Success Football Camp will be held at Dodger Stadium Saturday from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.
"Dezman, he went to (University of) Iowa and my friend who's also from Fort Dodge went to Iowa, so she knew him," Brown said. "And (Meriweather) I just kind of, through people, got into contact with and just asked him on a whim. I asked about four players, and these two are the ones who committed."
The focus of the camp will be activities for children, Brown said. After a check-in and warm-up, kids will participate in football drills and practice, including passing games. The day will end with a question and answer period.
"We have burrito lunches for the kids so they can sit down and eat and ask questions and listen to the players talk," she said. "After that we're going to do an autograph session and photographs."
This is the first time the camp has been held, and for Brown the effort is an important one.
"With all the shootings going on, it's like every year I come to visit, it's just there's more stuff going on that's turning these kids in the wrong direction," she said. "I know it's not all of them, but I just wanted to do something to maybe change their mind."
Creating the football camp is its own success story.
"I thought of it last year, and I never thought I could pull it off, to be honest," Brown said. "But in January I started making phone calls and seeing what I could come up with, and then it happened. So it all worked out."
713 Central Ave. , Fort Dodge, IA 50501 | 515-573-2141
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
At Massage Envy.
Massage for pregnant women offers a number of benefits, and it's
always a good idea to discuss with your therapist any everyday
symptoms you'd like to see relieved. Those might include:.
Women with normal, low-risk pregnancies can benefit greatly from
the variety of massage techniques offered by a Massage Envy Spa
professional massage therapist. However, women in high-risk
pregnancies should consult their doctor or midwife before beginning
one of our massage therapy programs. If you experience discomfort
at any time during the pregnancy massage, tell your therapist
immediately..Find this wine Find this wine Apothic Red Wine Our old standby. Decent. $10 Pin It Tweet 2 years ago by Kerrica More posts One of my go-to wines Apothic Red 2 months ago by Southnmist Apothic Red 2013 Wine Very nice blend. 9.99 2 months ago by Maja Apothic Red California 2010 Easy to drink red even for red wine beginners. Slightly sweet and smooth. One of my faves. 4 months ago by Mauie Y. Apothic Red Wine California Red blend of several reds: Zinfandel, merlot, Syrah and cab sav 4 months ago by Cdimartile Apothic Red Wine Unique mocha hints, found on orcas island New Years 2015 deer harbor get away. 4 months ago by Robert H.I have two important things to tell you about Orvieto. First, it’s one of my favorite Italian getaway spots. This city is more than a hilltown, more than a wine destination. Orvieto floats above a green Umbrian valley, perched atop a tufa outcropping that looks as though it came straight out of Tolkien’s Middle Earth. Once you’re in Orvieto, though, you’ll realize that you’ve arrived in a place that is at once mystical and historic, set away from the bustle of Rome and Florence, but very much a part of Italy’s wine history and culture.
Second, it rains in Orvieto. Often, in fact. Since walking is the best way to get around, you need to know about the rain. You also need to know that rain shouldn’t keep you away from Orvieto’s cathedral, cuisine, or wine.
Orvieto makes a great daytrip or weekend stopover, whether you’re arriving from Rome or Florence. Orvieto’s an easy 1½-hour train ride from either city. If you’re traveling by car, you’ll be able to strike out toward the wineries in the countryside. However, you’ll need to park your car at the train station while you sightsee in town. It’s well worth doing; just lock everything in the trunk (even stray maps and pencils), pay the parking lot attendant and take the bus or funicular up to the town.
Once you arrive in Orvieto, you’ll see why having a car is a handicap. Orvieto, which dates from Etruscan times, is built on a large tufa plug that rises straight up from the valley floor. The town is small and parking is nearly nonexistent. Orvieto is made for wandering, not for driving.
If you’ve planned to spend a day in Orvieto, you’ll want to head for the cathedral (“duomo”). This gothic marvel is justifiably famous. The cathedral features a brightly-colored facade, recently restored with loving care. The facade, designed for the most part by Lorenzo Maitani, almost leaps out at you with bright blues, gleaming golds, and all the carvings lovers of the gothic style could want. Martyrs, sinners, spires, stained glass – they’re all there, in stunning, accessible detail.
Don’t forget to walk into the cathedral, though, because Luca Signorelli’s frescoes are worth a look. In the San Brizio chapel, he has created a Last Judgment scene that will scare the sinfulness right out of you, complete with hideously-hued demons and wailing reprobates. Across the church, the chapel of the “corporale” is meant to orient the visitor back toward the sacred. According to Catholic tradition, a priest who doubted the actual presence of Christ in the Eucharist saw the host drip blood while he was saying Mass in nearby Bolsena. He caught some of the blood on the “corporale”, or altar cloth, and brought the cloth to Orvieto. The chapel contains a beautiful casket for the cloth and frescoes by di Prete that tell the story of the miracle.
If you love caves and mystery, consider taking the “Orvieto Underground” tour. The tufa plug on which Orvieto sits is full of tunnels that date from Etruscan times. You can take a tour of the tunnels if you contact Orvieto Underground.
Saint Patrick's Well is also worth a visit. This 16th-century well was built to ensure that the town would have enough water to last out a siege. Unlucky donkeys dragged water from the well’s bottom to the piazza via two spiral stairways. After descending into the well, climb the Torre del Moro to get a bird’s-eye view of Orvieto.
Orvieto lies on the Strada dei Vini Etrusco-Romana, or the Etrusco-Roman Wine Trail. People have been creating wine here for over 2,500 years. The area is justifiably famous for its white wines, including Orvieto DOC, Orvieto Classico DOC, grown in this region since the days of the Etruscan cities, and Orvieto Classico Superiore DOC. Several wineries also produce red wine, including Rosso Orvietano DOC and Lago di Corbara DOC.
If you’re only visiting for the day, head to the Enoteca Regionale at the Palazzo del Gusto, Via Ripa Serancia 1 (sorry, website is in Italian only), telephone 0763/393529. You can take a guided tour with tastings of one or two local wines, with or without tastings of regional products, for a fee of 5 – 18 Euro.
If you are traveling by car and have some extra time, consider driving out to one or more of Orvieto’s wineries. If you’ve been reading this column for a month or two, you probably realize that buses and trains don’t normally pass by Italian wine estates. You’ll need a car to see the vines up close.
Today, several important wineries have put their individual stamps on the famous regional wines of Orvieto. Castello della Sala, part of the Antinori wine estates, is well-known for its Orvieto Classico Superiore DOC. Castello della Sala also produces award-winning IGT wines, such as Cervaro della Salla. You can try wines and other estate products at Castello della Sala’s wine shop (“bottega”) at the estate. Call ahead to 0763-86051 to make sure the bottega is open.
Tenuta Le Velette recently launched an English-language version of its website, which makes their award-winning wines even more accessible. This winery received the top-level three-glass award for its Gaudio 2003 Umbria IGT, created entirely from merlot grapes, from Gambero Rosso this year.
Some well-known wineries near Orvieto are also agriturismi that rent vacation apartments and rooms. If you have time for an Orvieto weekend, consider splurging on a night or two at Locanda Palazzone or Tenuta di Corbara. Both wineries feature beautifully-appointed rooms, swimming pools and the backdrop of the stunning Umbrian countryside. Tenuta Le Velette also rents vacation houses; you’ll need to contact the winery for information on pricing.
If you prefer to stay in town, you have many hotels to choose from. Hotel Valentino, on via Angelo da Orvieto, features a tastefully-decorated lobby, pleasant rooms and a friendly staff. It’s just one of 31 hotel choices in old Orvieto.
Umbrian cuisine is typical of Italian hill country, emphasizing meats, pasta dishes and truffles from Norcia. During our stay in Orvieto, we ate at Ristorante Antico Bucchero, at Via dè Cartari, 4, and at Trattoria La Volpe e l’Uva at Via Ripa Corsica, 1, both good choices if you’re looking for a mid-priced, hearty meal with typical Umbrian dishes. I tend to go for anything covered with wild boar sauce, and my husband enjoys porchetta, the regional roast pork specialty.
Whether you visit for a weekend or for an afternoon, Orvieto is a truly memorable destination. Raise a glass for me while you’reHome / Alumni & Friends / Endowments /
Nelson
The James B. and Grace J. Nelson Endowment for the Teaching of Philosophy was established in 1991, funded by a 1940 gift from James B. Nelson (LL.B., 1893) of Indianapolis, Indiana, and increased by subsequent bequests from Mr. and Mrs. Nelson and Mrs. Julia-Jean Nelson Stokes. The Department has had access to some income from the bequests since 1983.
The purpose of the bequests was to "establish a Chair or Professorship in the Philosophy" and to bring to the University "in temporary residence thereat or as occasional lecturers persons who are well known as able teachers and lectures in the field of Philosophy." The Endowment funds the Nelson Professorship, Nelson Philosophers-in-Residence, Michigan Nelson Seminars in Philosophy, an annual Spring Colloquium, and visiting faculty, as well as providing support for the teaching and research programs of the Department.
Nelson Professors have included Peter Railton, David Velleman, Kendall Walton, Crispin Wright, and Edwin Curley. Curley and Walton are now Emeritus Professors.
There have been forty Nelson Philosophers-in-Residence and more than twenty Spring Colloquia since the establishment of the endowment. The first Michigan Nelson Seminar in Philosophy was held during the Fall, 2011.Wed Jan 28, 2009 10:52 am
Wed Feb 18, 2009 2:54 pm
Wed Feb 18, 2009 5:11 pm
Wed Feb 25, 2009 2:19 pm
Wed Feb 25, 2009 8:14 pm
outdoors4evr wrote:BigBill,
Tell me more about how you plan to obtain power steering on the 154.
If this were a reasonable price, I would love to add power steering to my loboy.News
Pichet Ong frequently changes the cocktail menu at his restaurant P*ONG, but the Bangkok Margarita has been on the cocktail menu since the place opened. Resposado tequila, ginger liqueur, pineapple and a ginger syrup created with fresh ginger agave nectar and lime juice are shaken then topped with sea salt, fresh lime zest and Aleppo pepper. Pichet says that the Bangkok Margarita contains the four points of cooking that he likes to apply to cocktails as well as food: salty,Beginning DSLR Photography Workshop
Posted by: DeAnn Bonine
Beginning DSLR Photography Workshop
This workshop is for those who own or have recently purchased a digital SLR camera (you know, the ones you can change the lens) and are not sure how to use it other than point-and-shoot. We will explore manual settings such as ISO, aperture and shutter speed, not only defining them but how they affect your photos. You will learn all about those buttons and functions in your camera menus in order to control your camera. And we\'ll also touch on white balance, histograms, focal points, metering, lens types, and software for editing.
Every camera manufacturer is different, so bring your instruction manual and a charged battery. You will be practicing what you learn right in the classroom. The goal is for you to leave the workshop feeling comfortable with your own camera.
You can register now through Kent Park and Recreation online or call 253-856-5000. Look or ask for course number 47987.Later this month sees the launch of new landscape and fencing centre at eight of Wyevale's garden centres.
Retail Bulletin reports that there will be three hundred square metres of display comprising of contemporary, cottage and Mediterranean styles.
The expensive product range will mean the centres are to become a 'one stop shop' for anyone looking to purchase their materials with a dedicated check-out and delivery service for the more bulkier items.
The new landscape centres are located at:
Old Barn Nursery & Garden Centre
Dial Post | RH13 8NR
Telephone: 01403 710000
Hillingdon Garden Centre
Pield Heath Road | Hillindon | Middlesex | UB83NP
Telephone: 01895 236141
Crockford Bridge Farm Shop and Garden Centre
Weybridge | Surrey | KT15 2BU
Telephone: 01932 853 886
Osterley Garden Centre
Osterley | Windmill Lane | Osterley | TW7 5PR
Telephone: 020 884 72468
Harlestone Heath Garden Centre
Harlestone Road | Northampton | NN5 6UJ
Telephone: 01604 751346
Leicester Rowena Garden Centre
Loughborough Rd | Rothley | Leicester | LE7 7NL
Telephone: 0116 237 6500
Blooms Swindon Garden Centre
Hay Lane Near Wroughton | Swindon | SN4 9QT
Telephone: 01793 852736
Bicester Avenue Garden Centre
Oxford Road | Bicester | OX25 2NY
Telephone: 01869 242248
For a lost of all other Wyevale garden centres - click here
If you a TomTom Sat Nav owner then you can download all the Wyevale locations - click here
its swindon garden centre that has the themed gardens and the new landscaping area NOT SWINDON BLOOMS
Posted by: craig | Jun 27, 2009 at 08:31 PMUpdated 05/09/2014
The sexy collection of more than 4,000 erotic items, all owned by millionaire Naomi Wilzig, unfolds with unique art of varying quality—fertility statues from around the globe and historic Chinese shunga books (erotic art offered as gifts to new brides on the wedding night) share the space with some kitschy knickknacks. If this is your thing, an original phallic prop from Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange and an over-the-top Kama Sutra bed is worth the price of admission, but the real standout is "Miss Naomi," who is usually on hand to answer questions and provide behind-the-scenes anecdotes. Kids 17 and under are not admitted.
Phone:
305-532–9336
Website:
Sight Details:
Updated 05/09/2014
No ThanksRonald Wilson Reagan was born on February 6, 1911 in Tampico, Illinois. He served as the 33rd Governor of California, and was a radio, film, and television actor. Reagan served as President of the Screen Actors Guild and later as a spokesman for General Electric when he began his start in politics as a member of the Democratic Party. Reagan’s positions began shifting rightward in the 1950s, and he switched to the Republican Party in 1962. He passed away on June 5, 2004 in Bel-Air, California.
"Loophole" from Obama's IRS: Protect your IRA or 401(k) with gold and silver... click here to get a NO-COST Info Guide >
I and America loved that man!ADD A CATEGORY
APR 17, 2013 - Zero Hedge
A Must Read - Share
We noted here that the plunge in the paper price of gold (and silver) had prompted considerable renewed demand for physical and now it seems the scramble among the "more stable investor base" is increasing. The shake out of ETFs and futures has left the Australian mint short of deliverables and Japanese and Chinese gold retailers seeing a "frenzied" surge in demand. The customers are not just the 'rich' or 'elderly'; in China "they tend to wear water shoes and come directly from the market...;" in Australia, "the volume of business... is way in excess of double what we did last week,...
...
Editor's Picks
Show More
Show Less
Hey you have no friends!!! Get to work and start inviting friends to help build your Comunitee. Click Here to invite friends.
© 2011 Comunitee, Inc.I'm actually looking forward to this. She's a great actress (one of my favorite of her movies is "Only You" which is set in my native Pittsburgh) plus she's of Italian descent, and I was VERY disappointed when they had no Italians in last season (Ashley Judd and Steve Buscemi are both part Italian, but they didn't research that side).
Anyway, you can read more about, and watch her talking about it on Regis and Kelly, with these links: ... on-3-guestTurns out that health and marketing have more in common than I thought.
As Seth Godin so skillfully points out: "Amazingly, the winners seem to be those that test and measure, live for the long haul and embrace small solutions that are easy to adjust."
Application: It's far better to gradually and steadily improve your health than it is to "crash diet" or—God forbid—opt for gastric bypass surgery.Lucy Angeline McKay Kelly died on Dec. 20, 2010.
A lifelong resident of Riverhead, she was born at home on Jan. 6, 1926, one of 12 children of prominent farmers Charles and Katherine (Babski) McKay. After graduating from Riverhead High School at age 17 in 1943, Lucy loved her early job at the Riverhead Review as a proofreader, photographer and writer.
As a vivacious young woman in a town that billeted thousands of soldiers before they shipped out to Europe in World War II, Lucy broke many hearts at the Polish Hall dances. Sometimes the pilots would tip their wings passing over the McKay farm, with its name emblazoned on the barn roof. But she waited until after the war to meet the love of her life, William Allen Kelly, at a party she threw while her parents were away. After three months of courtship, they married on Groundhog Day, Feb. 2, 1947, in the rectory at St. John the Evangelist R.C. Church, and were together for 47 years until his passing in 1994.
An active volunteer in the community, Lucy was a member of the Riverhead Polish Independent Club from 1943 to 1960; the ladies auxiliary at Central Suffolk Hospital from 1960 to 1970; the Riverhead Garden Club from 1960 to 1972; and a founding member of the Polish Town Civic Association from 1974 to 2008. She was instrumental in launching the latter’s Polish museum, which includes memorabilia from the McKay farm. Lucy loved to socialize and dance the polka, and among her happiest memories were many polka weekends in the Poconos and Catskills with her beloved William and their friends.
A homemaker for many years, Lucy later worked in the offices of the Suffolk County Commissioner of Jurors, a Riverhead title company and the Cook Insurance Agency in Jamesport. She also served for several years as a Democratic poll inspector and as a volunteer for the congressional campaign of Otis G. Pike.
Like her mother, Lucy was kind and generous to her family, friends and strangers, and was deeply loved by all who knew her. “Just be pleasant” was her motto.
Lucy was predeceased by her husband, William A. Kelly. She is survived by her children, Thomas A. Kelly and his wife, Deborah, of Auburn, N.Y.; Nancy A. Kelly of East Greenbush, N.Y.; Kevin A. Kelly and his wife, Sandra, of Dover, Pa.; and her grandchildren: Colin, Brett, Amanda and Jarret Kelly, and Peter and Laura Casellini. Her sister, Constance Bilski, also survives her. She was the eldest member of a large extended McKay family, with whom she celebrated a family reunion in July.
The family will receive visitors Sunday, Dec. 26, from 2 to 4 and 7 to 9 p.m. at McLaughlin Heppner Funeral Home in Riverhead. Funeral services will be held at 9:30 a.m., Monday, Dec. 27, at St. John the Evangelist R.C. Church in Riverhead. Interment will follow at St. John’s Cemetery in Riverhead.
In lieu of flowers, gifts may be made to The Pegasus Palliative Care Program at Peconic Bay Medical Center, Riverhead, NY 11901.
This is a paid notice.
Please consider making a contribution to the new palliative care program at Peconic Bay Medical Center. They served as a timely and effective interface with the medical staff to provide information and to be a voice for the family’s wishes to avoid unnecessary procedures and keep Mom comfortable during her last days.Excerpts from Dancing in the Dark
Three selections in The Root, on Zora Neal Hurston and Richard Wright:
First excerpt
Second excerpt
Final excerpt
Selection presented by Slate’s Double X:
Why Bringing Up Baby is the Perfect Screwball Film.
Selection presented by The Big Money:
When the American Dream died
Short excerpt presented by AARP Bulletin Today:
Book Excerpt: Dancing in the DarkWe have extensive experience servicing clients with multiple Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) systems and business intelligence tools (Hyperion, BI, BW, Cognos, Oracle-OFA, ADI, and Discoverer)
Our global team applies the proven principles of Lean Six Sigma to drive greater speed, accuracy, effectiveness, and efficiency. Our proprietary Smart Enterprise Processes (SEPSM) framework delivers deep impact and FP&A process excellence, and complements our technology and, naturally, our team of more than 900 FP&A specialists.
18% productivity gain and enhanced analytical capabilities through standardization and introduction of activity-based costing
A global healthcare equipment manufacturer used multiple input templates for budgeting data, leading to multiple iterations while consolidating information. In addition, the company lacked the ability to generate a client-level Profit and Loss (P&L) forecast. Genpact’s FP&A team standardized and improved the input templates, helping to eliminate rework on consolidation. We also devised an innovative coding mechanism for swift transactions, and leveraged existing data warehouse capabilities to generate activity-based costing. This enabled P&L generation at the client level. This smarter financial planning analysis helped the customer realize productivity gains of 18% and enhanced their analytical capabilities.
Two-day acceleration for CFO management reporting deck via automation
Our client’s top managers wanted accelerated delivery of the financial review report deck as well as changes that would make it suitable for a wider audience. Genpact partnered with the Controller’s office to understand end-user requirements, and then added content to existing reports to enhance penetration. The Genpact team leveraged our client’s existing ERP capabilities to automate sub-processes and generate customized input data alongside standard input templates for data collation. Automating the reporting process enhanced controllership by lowering the chance of errors, reduced the time required to generate reports, and boosted productivity by 20%.
Please fill in your details to access the insight
The form below will route your request to the appropriate Genpact team members.
Your information is safe with us.
18% gain in FP and A productivity and 44% reduction in management reports within 6 months using Business Intelligence
Study Highlights Corporate Compliance Issues
Four critical considerations for effective finance transformation
Zero-Based budgeting starts with more focused strategic rationale and re-balancing the portfolio rather than operational justification.
From: ww2.cfo.com
Complexity in planning processes increases risk and overtasks valuable resources. With sophisticated data analytics instead of spreadsheets, businesses boost efficiency and sharpen analytical insig...
From: information-age.com
ERM is "a natural fit" for the FP&A organization, but businesses must be sure to make ERM a partnership endeavor. Read the lessons learned from one energy company's ERP initiatives.
From: afponline.org
EAMCET
ICET
ECET
POLYCET
DSC 2015 (TET CUM TRT)
IBPS
Client Login
(Schools, Colleges, T-institute)
Distributor Login
Internet Center Login
Exams
Institutes
Question Papers
Study Material
Jobs
News
Videos
Articles
Online Exams
Exam Dates
More
Add Institute
Advertise
Forums
Medical Colleges
MBA Colleges
Degree Colleges
Add College
College Compare
Training Institutes
All
Software Trg Institutes
Computer Trg Institutes
Coaching Trg Institutes
Spoken English Trg Institutes
Guess Papers
Inter
- 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011
SSC
-2015, 2014, 2013, 2012, 2011
Academic Question papers
Interview Question papers
Online Exams
AIEEE
CAT
ICET
DSC - SGT
EAMCET - Engg
EAMCET - Medical
Study Material
All Study Material
Engg Study Material
Age Calculator
A-Z INDEX
Current Affairs
Currency Converter
Country Flags
Dictionary
Fun & Games
Love Calculator
Manabadi Answer
STD Codes
Today in History
Education Tools
School Compare
College Compare
Performance Schools
Top Schools in SSC
AP Intermediate 1st & 2nd Year Advanced Supplementary May/June 2015 Exam Time Table
TS SSC (10th class) Examination Regular Results 2015
|
AP SSC (10th class) Examination Regular Results 2015
AP / TS Eamcet 2015
|
Notification
|
TimeTables
|
Study Matterial
|
News
|
Web Counselling Proceedure
Sources
Hindustan Shipyard Limited (1)
Abdur Rahman University (4)
Abhyudaya Bank (1)
Accountant General (1)
ACEE (2)
Adikavi Nannaya Univ (24)
AFMC (2)
Agartala Govt Medical College (4)
Agricultural Scientists Recruitment Board (7)
AICTE (3)
Aids Prevention & Control Society (2)
AIEEE (8)
AIFD (1)
AIIMS (6)
AIIMS (11) (122)
Ambedkar University (1)
Ambedkar University SRIKAKULAM (13)
Amity University (2)
Amravati District Central Co operative Bank (1)
Amravati University (1)
Amrita University (7)
Anand Agricultural University (11)
Anantapur JNTU (321)
Andhra Bank (8)
Andhra Pradesh Administrative Tribunal (APAT) (2)
Andhra Pradesh Productivity Council (1)
Andhra University (211)
Anna University (55)
Annamalai University (13)
Ansal University (1)
ANUCET (2)
AP Co-operative Bank (8)
AP Aviation Academy (2)
AP District Common Examination Board (1)
AP Forest Dept (3)
AP Grameena Bank (5)
AP High Court (7)
Ap Insurance (2)
AP Intermediate (27)
AP Northern Power Distribution Company (1)
AP Police (15)
AP Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan (1)
AP Southern Power Distribution Company Ltd (2)
AP SSC (8)
AP State Road Transport (1)
AP State Seeds Development Corporation Ltd (1)
AP University of Law (4)
APCPDCL (5)
APEPDCL (4)
APGENCO (2)
APMDC (1)
APOSS (1)
APPSC (200)
APRDC (2)
APRES (1)
APRJC (12)
APSCHE (39)
APSET  (18)
ASSOCET (2)
AUCET (6)
Avinashilingam University (12)
Awadesh Pratap Singh University (1)
Axis Bank (1)
Ayush & Health Sciences Univ. (9)
Azim Premji University (1)
B. S. Abdur Rahman University (1)
Baba Farid University (44)
BabasahebBhimrao Amb. University (4)
Balmer Lawrie (2)
BAMU (2)
Banaras Hindu University (10)
Bangalore Indian Institute of Science (2)
Bangalore University (7)
Bangiya Gramin Vikash Bank (2)
Bank Of Baroda (7)
Bank of India (8)
Bank of Maharashtra (6)
BARC (2)
BARC (6)
Barkatullah University )
BHEL (6)
Bhopal Memorial Hospital (1)
BHU (11)
Bihar Combined Entrance Competitive Exam (5)
Bihar COMFED (1)
Bihar Education Project (1)
Bihar Gramin Bank (5)
Bihar Infrastructure Development Authority (3)
Bihar Public Service Comission (1)
Bihar Public Service Commission (4)
Bihar Rural Livelyhoods Promotion Society (4)
Biju Patnaik University Of Technology (1)
Biodiversity Board (1)
Birla Institute of Management Technology (5)
Birla Institute of Technology (3)
Birsa Agricultural University (1)
BITS (1)
BITS (8)
BITSAT (6) (9)
BSIP (2)
BSNL (5)
Bundelkhand (13) (3))
Chattisgarh Techincal Board (5)
Chaudhary Charan Singh University (2)
Chennai Metro Rail Limited (6)
Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical Univ.  (4)
CLAT (4)
CLEP (1)
CMAT (4)
Co-operative Bank (2)
Co-operative Milk Producers Union Ltd (1)
Coal India Ltd (1)
Cochin Shipyard (2)
Cochin University Of Science & Technology (5)
COIR Board (3)
College Of Agriculture (2)
COMEDK-PGET (1)
Comissioner For Entrance Exam (3)
Commissioner And Director Of School Education (1)
Commissioner For Entrance Exam (1)
Competition Commission of India (3)
Computing Development (5)
CONTAINER CORPORATION OF INDIA LTD. (3)
Corporation Bank (6)
Cotton Corporation (5)
Cotton Corporation of Inida (7)
CPCL (1)
CPRI (5)
CRIDA (3)
CRPF Constable (13)
CSIR (168)
CSIR (8)
CSIR (2)
CSIR-NPL (3)
CSSET & CSAET (2)
CTET (4)
CUCET (1)
D.Ed T.T.C (4)
Damodar Valley Corporation (1)
Datta Meghe Institute of medical (1)
DDRS Delhi (2)
Deccan Grameena Bank (3)
Deccan School of Management Hyderbad (1)
DEEMED UNIVERSITY (3)
Deen Dayal Inst. of Mgmt. & Higher Studies (1)
DeenBandhu Chhotu Ram University (1)
Deep Chand Bandhu Hospital (1)
Defense (1)
Delhi Development authority (8)
Delhi Directorate of Education (2)
Delhi High Court (1)
Delhi National Board Of Exam (4)
Delhi Police (2)
Delhi Productivity Council (1)
Delhi Subordinal Services Selection Board (3)
Delhi Technological (16)
DFCCIL (1)
DGVCL (2)
Dharmsinh Desai University (1)
DIAT (2)
Dibrugarh University (33)
DIETCET (39) (9)
Dr.D.Y Patil Vidyapeeth (3)
Dr.Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University (2)
Dravidian University (11)
DRDO (19)
Dredging Corporation of India Ltd (2)
DSC (12)
DSSSB-Delhi (3)
EAMCET (64)
East Central Railway (4)
Eastern power Distribution Company (1)
ECET (17)
ECIL (8)
Ed.CIL (9)
EDCET (34)
EdCIL (India) Limited (2)
EDI (4)
EFL University (5) 2014 (6)
Gauhati University (25)
Gautam Buddha University (12)
GCET (1)
General Insurance Corporation (1)
Gitam University (48) (16)
Gurgoan Gramin Bank (2)
Guru Angad Dev Veterinary & Animal Sciences Univ. (2)
Guru Ghasidas University (32)
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (21) (44)
IARI (39)
IBM (1)
IBPS (27)
IBSAR (1)
IBSAT (1)
IBSD (1)
ICAR (37)
ICAR (6)
ICET (33)) (16) (17) (17) (1) (7)
Jiwaji University (83)
JKBOSE (3)
JN-Architecture&FineArts University (40)
JNCASR (1)
JNCASR (2)
JNKVV (1)
JNTU (218)
JNU-New Delhi (18)
JSS University (17)
K.L.University (13)
Kakatiya University (148)
Kakinada JNTU (143)
Kalasalingam University (3)
Kalyani university (17)
kangara Central Co-operative Bank (1)
KannurUniversity (32)
Karnatak University (28)
Karnataka Bank (7)
Karnataka Exam Authority (3)
Karnataka High Court (2)
Karnataka state law University (3)
Karnataka State Open University (33)
Karnataka State Police (1)
Karnataka State Women University (1)
Karnataka Technical board (1) (5)
KEA (4)
KELTRON (2)
Kendriya Vidyalaya (8)
Kerala Agricultural univ (11)
Kerala Board Of Technical Exam (3)
Kerala High Court (2)
Kerala Public Service Commission (14)
Kerala SSC (1)
Kerala University of Health Sciences (1)
KIITEE (2)
KIMS (1)
KIMS Univ (2)
Kirkee Cantonment Board (1)
KLE University (23)
KMAT (4)
KMIO (1)
Kolhan University (8)
Kolkata Police Directorate (1)
Korukonda Sainik School (3)
Kota University (8)
KPSC (4)
Krishna Kanta Handiqui State Open University (11)
Krishna University (278)
Krishnadevaray University (24)
KSKVK university (3)
KSRTC (2)
KU-CAT (1)
KUGET (1)
KUHS (8)
Kumaun University (2)
Kurukshetra University (54)
Kuvempu University (1)
KVAFSU (1)
KVIC (2)
Lakshadweep ITSS (3)
Lala Lajpat Rai University (1)
LalBahadur Shastri IM (2)
lAWCET (21)
LBS Kerala (1)
LIC (15)
Lok sabha Secretariat (1)
lPCET (16)
LPSC (1)
LPT (1)
LRSITBRD (2)
Lucknow University (9) (21)
Mahathma Gandhi Univ. (25)  (22) (12) (19)
MZUEEE (1)
N.G Ranga AG University (44)
NAARM (2)
NAARM, Hyderabad (2)
Nagaland Public Service Commission (2)
Nagaland Rural Bank (2)
Nagaland University (4)
Nagarjuna University (205)
Nagpur University (1)
Nainital Bank (3)
Nalanda University (5) (5) (4)
NIFT (11)
NIFTEM (1)
NIFTEM (2)
NII (7)
NIILM (2)
NIIT University (1)
Nilamber Pitamber Univ (5)
NIMCET (2)
NIMHANS Deemed University (4)
NIMR (14)
NIMS (32)  (125)
Odisha Board Of Secondary Education (1)
Odisha Gramya Bank (3)
Odisha Higher Secondary Education (1)
ODISHA HYDRO POWER CORPORATION LIMITED (3)
Odisha Public Service Commission (16)
Odisha University (2)
Oil India Limited (10)
ONGC (7) University (611)
Others (243)
Others (1)
Pacific University (2)
Padmavathi University (13)
Palamuru University (17)
Pallavan Grama Bank (1)
Pallavan Grama Bank (1)
Pandit Deendayal University (5)
Pandyan Grama Bank (1)
Panjab University (7)
Panjab University (24)
Patna High Court (2)
Patna University (7)
PDIL (2)
PEC University of technology (3)
PECET (15)
Periyar University (7)
PGCET (6)
PGCET (Karnataka) (3)
PGDC CET (2)
PGECET (21)
PGIMER Chandigarh (4)
PGLCET (1)
PIMS (1)
political (4)
Polytechnic  (3)
Public Service Commission (3)
Public Service Commission (9)
Pune University (15)
Punjab Agricultural University (2)
Punjab Civil Service (3)
Punjab Gramin Bank (6)
Punjab National Bank (4)
Punjab Public Service Commission (8)
punjab technical university (4)
Punjabi University Patiala (8)
Purvanchal Gramin Bank (1)
RailTel Corporation of India Ltd (4)
Rajarshi Tandon Open Univ. (1)
Rajastan Board Of Technical Education (2)
Rajastan Public Service Commission (4)
Rajasthan Police Constables (1)
Rajasthan University (16)
Rajasthan University Of Health Sciences  (10)
RBI (16)
Regional Medical Research Center (1)
REPCO Bank (17)
RESCAT (2)
Research Entrance Test (3)
RGCA (1)
RGCB (2)
RGUHS (10)
RIST (2)
RITES (5)
RKMVU (2)
RMAT (1)
RMSA Dadra & Nagar Haveli (2)
RPSC (1)
RRB (32)
RRB Ahmedabad (1)
RRB Chennai (3)
RRB Gorakhpur (1)
RRB Mumbai (1)
RRB Secunderabad (2) (197)
SAHEI (1)
SAIL (17)
Sambalpur University (7)
Sapthagiri Grameena Bank (2)
Saraswat Bank (2)
Sardar Patel University (7)
Sarguja Vishwavidyalaya (1)
Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (6)
Sarva UP Gramin Bank (3)
SASTRA University (3)
Satavahana University (45)
Sathyabama University (3)
SAURASHTRA GRAMIN BANK (3)
Saurashtra University (2)
SBI (19)
SBTET (40)
SCDME araj Board of technical edu. (1)
Tamilnadu Dr.M.G.R. Medical University (2)
TamilNadu Medical Services (1)
Tamilnadu Newsprint and Papers Ltd (8)
TamilNadu Open University (22)
TANCET (5)
TATA INSTITUTE OF SOCIAL SCIENCES (1)
TCIL (11)
TCS (1)
Tea Board of India (3)
Teachers Recruitment Board (1)
Teachers Recruitment Board (2)
Telangana University (116) (224)
University Of Goa (15)
University of Hyderabad (57)
University of Kashmir (58)
University Of Kerala (77)  (65)
Vijaya Bank (4)
VIJAYANAGARA SRI KRISHNADEVARAYA UNIVERSITY (2)
Vikram University (2)
Vikrama Simhapuri University (50)
Vinayaka Missions Univ. (3)
Vinoba Bhave University (5)
Virginia Tech University (1)
Visakhapatnam Post Trust (2)
Visva Bharati University (1)
Visva Bharati,Central University (2)
Visvesvaraya Technological University (7)
Vizag Steel Plant (13)
VJIM (1)
VNIT (1)
VRO and VRA  (2)
WestBengal HSC Board (2)
WestBengal National Univ. (10)
WestBengal Technical Board (2)
XAT (3)
Xavier Institute Management (1)
Xavier Institute Of Social Service (1)
XLRI Jamshedpur (1)
YMCA (1)
YMCA University (2)
Yogi Vemana University (88)
Notifications
Displaying All Kakatiya University Notification
Displaying
1 - 25
of
148
1
2
3
4
5
6
Search Results
Date
Source
Title
Last Date
May
2-5-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University MCA 1st Year 2nd Sem July 2015 Exam Fee Notification
2-5-2016
April
24-4-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University LLB & LLM Regular May 2015 Exam Fee Notification
24-4-2016
18-4-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University M.Tech 4th Sem May 2015 Exam Fee Notification
18-4-2016
11-4-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University M.Ed & MP.Ed May 2015 Exam Fee Notification
11-4-2016
10-4-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University Pharma D 1st Year Supply May 2015 Exam Notification
10-4-2016
2-4-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya Univeristy UG Annual 1st & 3rd Year Scheduled Postponed Exam Notification
2-4-2016
1-4-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University M.Tech 1st Sem April 2015 Exam Fee Notification
1-4-2016
1-4-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University M.Sc (Computer Science) 1st Year 2nd Sem April 2015 Exam Fee Notification
1-4-2016
March
30-3-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University PG Courses 2nd Sem April 2015 Exam Fee Notification
30-3-2016
26-3-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University M.Pharmacy 1st & 3rd Sem April 2015 Exam Fee Notification
26-3-2016
19-3-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University M.Phil Part-1 April 2015 Exam Notification
19-3-2016
19-3-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University MBA 2nd Year 2nd Sem April 2015 Exam Notification
19-3-2016
18-3-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University B.Tech 1st Year Regular & Improv April 2015 Exam Notification
18-3-2016
18-3-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University MCA 2nd & 3rd Year 2nd Sem May 2015 Exam Notification
18-3-2016
12-3-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University PG Course 4th Sem April 2015 Exam Fee Notification
12-3-2016
12-3-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University M.Sc (Computer Science) 4th Sem April 2015 Exam Fee Notification
12-3-2016
5-3-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University B.Tech 2nd,3rd & 4th Year 1st Sem Supply March 2015 Exam Notification
5-3-2016
February
28-2-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University B.Tech 2nd & 3rd Year 1st Sem March 2015 Exam Fee Notification
28-2-2016
19-2-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University B.Tech 2nd,3rd Year 2nd Sem Reg MArch 2015 Exam Fee Notification
19-2-2016
14-2-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University B.Tech 4th Year 2nd Sem Regular Feb 2015 Exam Notification
14-2-2016
10-2-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University BP.Ed & MP.Ed 1st Sem Feb 2015 Exam Fee Notification
10-2-2016
January
30-1-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University LLB 1st & 5th Sem Feb 2015 Exam Fee Modified Notification
30-1-2016
30-1-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University LLM 1st Sem Reg Feb 2015 Exam Fee Modified Notification
30-1-2016
26-1-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University MCA 1st Year 1st Sem Feb 2015 Exam Fee Notification
26-1-2015
23-1-2015
Kakatiya University
Kakatiya University M.Tech 3rd Sem Feb 2015 Exam Notification
23-1-2016
Displaying
1 - 25
of
148
1
2
3
4
5
6
Careers
|
|
Feedback
Receive All Updates Via FacebookTom Tom Club
In the 1960s, Brazilian musician Tom Ze took part in founding the polemical popular culture movement tropicalismo, with a group of like-minded compatriots that included Caetano Veloso, Gilberto Gil, and Gal Costa. But while his collaborators emerged from a period of political strife to achieve international fame, Ze, the story goes, languished in Sa~o Paulo.
Discouraged by the repressed society's negative reaction to his 1973 album Todos os olhos (All the Eyes) A with cover art featuring a soft-focus photo of a marble embedded in someone's anus A Ze stopped making music. He even refused to listen to it.
Thus exiled from the mainstream media and the general public's short-term memory, the composer made a living writing advertising jingles. Enter musical explorer David Byrne, who in 1986 stumbled upon one of Ze's old albums and decided to look him up. Their meeting resulted in the release of two albums of Ze's music on Byrne's Luaka Bop label: Tom Ze in 1990 and Brazil 5 A The Return of Tom Ze: The Hips of Tradition in 1992.
Ze's comeback was celebrated by the international music press. Articles in his own country told how he'd been "rehabilitated" by Byrne, and writers in the United States and Europe lauded his talent in stories that most often described the musician as "eccentric," "obscure," and "deranged." But it was probably a Village Voice critic who said it best when he called Ze "nothing less than a one-of-a-kind avant-pop genius."
While singers like Gil and Costa are best known for the kind of tropical ballads with romantic messages and rhythmic nationalist anthems that are commonly acknowledged as typically Brazilian, Ze's music has an experimental edge that is more international in scope.
Born in Bahia, he is a classically trained musician and an urban poet whose music incorporates sinuous sambas, angular rhythmic chants, and traditional bossa nova, along with industrial noise and Eno-esque ambiant echoes. Drums and the cavaquinhos (a high-pitched Brazilian guitar) are sometimes accompanied by sounds made with blenders, typewriters, and drills.
Ze promotes the kind of high-minded silliness that's been expressed in this country by Frank Zappa or They Might Be Giants. And like those musicians A and contrary to the mainstream media hype A Ze has maintained a cult following of college-student and other alternative-type fans over the past two decades. Even after the Todos os olhos fiasco, he recorded several solo albums, tracks of which were compiled for Luaka Bop's Tom Ze release.
"There's been a real continuity in what he's done over the past twenty years," says Charles Perrone, a professor of Brazilian literature and culture at the University of Florida and author of the book Master of Contemporary Brazilian Song. Perrone and Ze will present a lecture-demonstration on Saturday and will appear together at Books & Books later that day. (See "Calendar" listings.)
"Ze was always more faithful to the avant-garde impulse and gave in less to the pop style over the years. He was just a little stranger than the rest of them," Perrone observes. "His following increased because of his affiliation with Byrne, but he just got the respect he deserves. Rather than he being influenced by David Byrne, I think it was Byrne who latched on to him, because he heard some stuff he was amazed by."
Ze, who is now nearing 60 years old, moved from the country to the city to attend high school. He began playing guitar, at first singing nostalgic ballads about his native town. According to the liner notes for Tom Ze, his first success came in 1960, when he appeared on a TV show called Escada para o sucesso (Stairway to Success). He played a song that parodied the show, calling it Ramp to Failure.
At the University of Bahia's College of Music, Ze studied classical composition, cello, piano, and guitar. Then he moved to Sa~o Paulo and fell in with the other founders of the tropicalist movement. He performed extensively with Veloso, Costa, Gil, Maria Bethania, and others, until the early Seventies, when the spirit of tropicalism was dampened by the rightist military regime. He continued to tour on the college circuit, where he became known for wrapping himself in plastic and otherwise making a spectacle of himself.
"Let's just say he's less than conventional," says Perrone, who has had the chance to catch Ze only on video. "You never know what he's going to do."
Ze seems to be enjoying his recent success. He even wrote a samba for Hips of Tradition that is something of an ode to music marketing. Entitled "Jingle del disco" ("Jingle of the Record"), it goes: "Come on, buy this record/It's a very patient work/Tom Ze! Tom Ze!/Shall grant you relaxation/High spirits and happiness/Tom Ze!"
Tom Ze performs at 8:00 p.m. Sunday at the Colony Theatre, 1040 Lincoln Rd, Miami Beach; 672-5202. Tickets cost $15”2013 Clifford Geertz Prize in the Anthropology of Religion
2013 Clifford Geertz Prize in the Anthropology of Religion and Honorable Mention
The SAR is pleased to announce the winner of the seventh annual Clifford Geertz Prize in the Anthropology of Religion: Michael Lempert’s Discipline and Debate: The Language of Violence in a Tibetan Buddhist Monastery (University of California Press, 2012). Honorable mention is awarded to Sherine Hamdy for Our Bodies Belong to God: Organ Transplants, Islam, and the Struggle for Human Dignity in Egypt (University of California Press, 2012).
Following a rigorous competition of nearly 30 monographs, the SAR Prize Jury (Jordan Haug, Janet Hoskins, Paul Johnson, Tulasi Srinivas and ourselves) as well as prize coordinator, Lauren Leve, are pleased to award the Clifford Geertz prize that celebrates innovative recent books that integrate theory with ethnography and that connect the anthropology of religion to the larger world.
The Honorable Mention goes to Sherine Hamdy for her beautifully rendered ethnography Our Bodies Belong to God: Organ Transplants, Islam, and the Struggle for Human Dignity in Egypt. Sherine Hamdy is a medical anthropologist interested in notions of the body, health, and death among Muslims in Egypt. Drawing on fieldwork in Cairo and the Nile Delta, her book weaves ethnography among the sick in Egypt with insights regarding Islamic theological debates about organ donation. This highly readable and empathetic monograph shows how religious ethics are continuously made and remade in relation to socio-economic, political, and individual circumstances. The jury agreed that it was eye-opening, utterly engrossing, and hard to put down.
Our grand prize goes to Michael Lempert for Discipline and Debate: The Language of Violence in a Tibetan Buddhist Monastery. Lempert conducted fieldwork for several years in the late 1990s in Sera Mey, India at a large Tibetan monastery of 4,500 monks. His moving, compelling and highly original book vividly captures tensions in the disciplinary methods adopted in this Tibetan diasporic monastery and effectively deconstructs the Dalai Lama’s representation of Buddhism as inherently non-violent.
Lempert’s book offers vibrant insight into religious education and everyday life in Buddhist monasteries but also speaks to broader topics such as violence and non-violence, ritual, self-cultivation, and liberalism. He shows how reason is central to the tradition’s discursive diasporic pedagogy. The author employs meticulous ethnographic and linguistic-based methodologies to illustrate how in practice Tibetan Buddhist monks are shaping the tradition in ways that differ from its primary texts and from the promotional treatises of its leader to foreign audiences. How are theological abstractions materialized through embodied and interactive practices (2012: 10)? How are these rituals received? Are they effective in eliciting the sympathies of their audiences? Drawing on hundreds of hours of audio and video recordings of monastic assemblies, debate practices, and interviews, Lempert offers rich responses to these inquiries. He examines these semiotic interactions largely by referring to linguistic anthropology, without, as one jury member noted, “getting too technical.” While taking on these language-based issues, the book also comes to significant conclusions about the dynamism of Buddhism and the pragmatics of appropriation and emulation of beliefs outside of Tibet.
In sum, Discipline and Debate is well written and clear about its contribution to other literatures without being overburdened by them. Members of the jury agreed that this book is Geertzian in ambition and tone and tells a really good story.
Congratulations both to 2013 Clifford Geertz Prize winner Michael Lempert and to Sherine Hamdy.
By Amira Mittermaier and Jennifer Selby (SAR Book Prize Jury Members)Prince is watching his language nowadays. The singer, 55, opened up to Essence for its “Prince After Dark” issue about why he has given up his use of foul language. Prince was once known for his explicit lyrics..”Pros
Cons
The Pioneer AVIC-N5 is a in-depth, in-dash navigation system. It comes with two DVDs of the Tele Atlas database, giving the device a detailed comprehensive network of roads. It includes additional features such as bluetooth hands free support for cellphones, iPod control capability, and an optional XM NavTraffic service that helps the driver stay ahead of traffic. It has quite a few "optional" customizations, so when looking to buy there is a risk that the customer might end up with less than they expected, or all that they expected with a higher price.
Features
- iPod Control Capable
- Bluetooth Capable
- AM/FM Radio
- DVD player
- Back-up camera input
- Built in speaker power
- SD Memory Card Slot
- HD Radio, XM Radio, and Sirius Radio Ready
- HDD Music LIbrary - 10GB
Post Review
Amazon Best Sellers Rank
# 415934 in Electronics
Versions
Pioneer AVIC-N5
- PG title: Pioneer AVIC-N5 In-Dash DVD Multimedia Navigation Receiver
- Amazon title: Pioneer Avic-N5 7-Inch Touchscreen Dvd Navigation System With Dvd Video/Dvd/Cd, Mp3/Wma/Aac/Divx(R) Playback
- ASIN: B001E3P1P6
- UPC: 012562890166
- MPN: AVICN5
- EAN13: 012562890166After voting Aug. 14, Holmes Beach resident Bob Squier pauses by the “Vote Here” sign at Gloria Dei Lutheran Church, 6608 Marina Drive. Islander Photos: Kathy Prucnell
Voter turnout for the Aug. 14 primary election election, homicide detective, with 78.33 percent of the vote. According to the official tally, Steube received 32,442 votes to Waldron’s 8,972.
Steube soundly defeated Waldron across precincts. “Watchdog” Miner, a member of the Kiwanis Club of Anna Maria Island, defeated three candidates in the District 2 Manatee County School Board race, collecting 19,217 votes. The closest competitor was Robert Moates with 12,235 votes.
Voter registration for the Nov. 6 general election runs through Oct. 9.
For complete primary election results and information, visit or.RECIPES: Recipe Details
Cilantro Sate Burger - Indoneasian
The Netherlands has a long relationship with Indoneasia. When traveling in Holland you often go to an Indoneasian restaurant and have a ricetofel. Hope spelled it correct. At the ricetofel you are served around 20 items with an many different flavors, tectures and aromas. This burger has fresh and traditional Indoneasian ingredients.
Ingredients:
Hamburger
1. 2 1/2 lb of ground beef (50% chuck 50% sirloin) 15 â€“..Entertainment Weekly
/may11/utdthumb.jpg
This week’s Entertainment Weekly is home to a new official still from Stephen King’s “Under the Dome.” It has that whole Spielberg looking up in a state of wonder vibe going for it, too, so click away and check it out!<<
Got news? Click here to submit it!
Maintain order in the comments section below!From where rugs are sold to what price points are offered, the rug industry has undergone major changes in the past four years.
Price points are down 10 percent to 30 percent for most rug suppliers. Alex Peykar, principal at Nourison, summed up the situation, saying, “Our company and the rest of the industry had a drastic drop in price offerings due to a sluggish economy and consumer demand for lower price points. This was a double edged sword, as while we were trying to give consumers what they wanted, we had to sell many more units to get the same dollar amounts.”
At Capel, the average selling price has declined approximately 10 percent, according to Allen Robertson, vice president, sales, Capel Rugs.
For Mohawk Home, it’s a steeper discount. “The big box/mass market retailers have reduced prices,” said Bill Kilbride, president of Mohawk Home. “What was a $300 rug is now $199.”
Oriental Weavers (OW) has an interesting vantage point, according to Jonathan Witt, vice president of Sphinx by Oriental Weavers. “Our Sphinx brand is sold in furniture stores, catalogs and Internet, while Oriental Weavers of America is sold through the mass merchants. Sphinx has lowered prices originally $299 to $399 to now $199 and $299 in a 5 x 8,” Witt said.
Jeff Brown, vice president, Shaw Living, agreed that price points took a hit, adding, “The middle (market) was hit the worse with the lower and upper end more stable.”
Post-recession: Fewer doors, less space
The effects of the recession were felt in store closures across all channels. The loss included department stores, specialty stores and furniture stores, according to Peykar.
Even some mass marketers closed locations, resulting in lower rug sales when combined with lower prices, according to Robertson. “Walmart and Costco would be exceptions to this trend,” he added.
Floor space is a big issue too. “As more mass retailers are moving into grocery, they are deciding not to give as much space to area rugs and mats,” reported Kilbride. “They are also not changing out products as often. This year’s spring change out is minimal. The decisions are for selections with longer life cycles — colors that consumers want but won’t be out of style in a season,” he said.
Furniture and Internet good for rugs
While some big box retailers, as well as mass merchants, continue to generate sales and Macy’s continues its healthy rug business, furniture stores are growing as more are putting together a full package with accessories, Peykar said.
RSAs in furniture stores are well suited to sell fashion, according to OW’s Witt. “They are used to working with color and pattern. A shopper can come in with a pillow or swatch, and they are comfortable helping them find a rug,” Witt noted.
E-commerce has grown as a channel for the rug business. Traditional bricks and mortar retailers have joined online-only operations to get their share of e-commerce, which has helped them maintain their levels of business, Peykar stated.
Online, retailers can offer an unlimited variety of styles. “Consumers can see all the choices they want,” Kilbride explained. “It’s less expensive than retail floor space, so retailers are investing to maximize their presence on the Internet.”
The fastest growing channel today is catalog and Internet shopping, agreed Witt. “Consumers are comfortable choosing a $199 rug and ordering it,” he said.
High end stabilizes
Mohawk Home has product for each part of the market: Karastan is the top of the line; American Rug Craftsmen targets middle market; and, Mohawk Home serves mass. “At the higher end of the rug market, the business is flat to down, but has started to recover,” said Kilbride. “It’s subject to the same factors as the mass market and is also about apparent value,” he judged.
Feizy Rugs also offers products across all categories. John Feizy, founder and CEO, said, “Our higher-end business has stabilized and is increasing steadily, but slowly. The mid to low range products are very fashion-oriented and really follow the trends and are performing very well for us.”
Importers face unique issues
According to Capel’s Robertson, importers face kinks in the global supply chain. “India and China rug manufacturers must compete for labor with their electronics and other textile industries. Competition for skilled labor will be exacerbated by the saturation of the marketplace with low price machine made rugs both domestically and globally, which will keep margins low for this category,” Robertson explained.
Feizy of Feizy Rugs, added, “The greatest challenge for rug importers is the rising cost of goods and the shortage of weavers willing to commit to producing finer products, as well as the pressure in the marketplace to lower cost.”
2013 trending up
So far, so good is the verdict for 2013. The recovery is directly related to housing, according to Peykar. “Fortunately we are seeing signs of improvement in most parts of the country where homes values are beginning to rise on a gradual basis. Consumers’ confidence and net worth play a very important role where it’s been depressed for the last several years. We are experiencing a gradual improvement and comeback that is also reflected in stock markets and unemployment rates,” he explained.
OW has managed to grow because when the high-end disappeared, the shopper who had bought $1,500 rugs moved to $299, giving OW market share. “And, we added two new categories in 2008 — rug pad and patterned broadloom in the U.S. Those new lines helped increase business,” Witt said.
Capel has realized increased sales so far versus 2012, but, Robertson cautioned, “Sales are fluctuating month to month.” Still, he is optimistic about the rest of 2013, saying, “We anticipate sales to continue to increase with strongest gains in third and fourth quarters.”
Kilbride does not expect major change in 2013. “It’s not going to change overnight. Housing has had a lift, but in some cities, prices have dipped again. Prudent business wisdom says to adapt to the environment that you are in — that’s our model.”
The year has begun well for Shaw, but “We continue to be cautious,” said Brown. “With housing rates staying low and an expected continued growth back in construction, we are hopeful for stronger demand for the remainder of the year.”
Capel’s Tracery features a traditional pattern, executed in grays for a subtle look.
Amalfi by Feizy super-sizes a traditional element and colors it in a two-tone pattern that is bold without being overpowering.
From Loloi’s Sahara collection, this contemporary style features a simple pattern in teal and gray.
From Karastan’s Panache Collection, Indonesia features large stylized flowers in modern shades.BEYWARRIORS!
JUEGOS
BEYWARRIORSJUGAR AHORA
CÓMO JUGAR
BEYBLADE BATTLESJUGAR AHORA
CÓMO JUGAR
BEYLOCKERJUGAR AHORA
CÓMO JUGAR
BEYWHEELZJUGAR AHORA
CÓMO JUGARArchives
Real Estate • Politics • Digital Lo-Fi • Tour Dates • Best Of • Booze • Pico Blvd. • Under $10 • Food Trucks • Fontwatch • Events • On the LAm • Rampant Speculation • Outside Lands • Photo Op • Benevolence • News • Heads Up • Stories • Entertainment • Sports • Music • Reader Picks '07 • Tacos • Total Bullshit • Fender Jazzmasters • Canadian Coffee Break • LA Derby Dolls • Beards • Shacktalk • Slide of the Week • Reader Picks • Vintage • Comedy • A Look Back • Craptastic Cell Phone Photos • SXSW • Food • LA Culture • Traffic Watch • Coachella • Interviews • FestivalWatch • Television • Film • Art • Press Release Cut & Paste • Uncategorized • Defamous • Bill DeMarco's LA
Randomness Going Back to 2005
Russell Brand, Aimee Mann, Maya Rudolph, Jason Segel, Ben Stiller and Tig Notaro Added to Tenacious D and Friends Benefit, Wiltern Theater, February 2
- Christmas Joy from EMI
Aziz Ansari, Live, Largo at the Coronet, February 4 (Glow in the Dark Tour Closer)
Photos: Ben Watt with Bernard Butler @ Echoplex, June 13, 2014
Losanjealous Concert Picks & Ticket Giveaways: August 2 – 8
- Rock Music TodaySo there are these four guys. They’re graphic artists in their late twenties and early thirties, and they talk, extensively, about comic books, every week in one of their basements. What are you imagining? Scrawny dudes with thick plastic black glasses held together by tape? Dungeons and dragons posters? Collector’s item figurines and shiny weaponry replicas? Nerds with high pitched voices, still without facial hair, boasting about their judo skills, with mom coming down every few hours to check in and offer cookies and milk?
It’s not? Well, good. Pete DeLuca would probably like to meet you. It’s in his Greenpoint basement where he, Ramon Chamorro, Steve Deninno, Adam Wiesen, and director and producer Roger Kenny, convene every Saturday to discuss what’s good and bad in comics each week for their video podcast, Pete’s Basement.
And, while there are some figurines and swords down there, and two of them are black belts in karate, they’re anything but your average comic book geeks, whatever that may mean. Instead, they’re gruff, crude, born-and-bred New Yorkers who aren’t afraid to talk shit—on each other, on the creators behind the comics they read, and on those other geeks they run into at comic con.
“From the very start of this show, we’ve tried very hard to break the stereotype and let the world know that regular people do read comics too. It’s not just for those pimple-faced virgins at the age of twenty-six; it’s also for normal people,” DeLuca said. “The problem with stereotypes is that they’re often true. There are people walking around comic conventions that have scarcely seen a breast in their entire lives. You look at them, and you’re like—why? Help yourself. I want to help you. For us regular guys, they’re giving us a bad name. If you classify us as that kind of geek, we’re just going to kick your ass.”
The show is the brainchild of Kenny, who approached DeLuca with the idea in 2007. They recruited three more of their friends and colleagues for the show, and the first episode aired in January 2008. The basic format of the show involves DeLuca Wiesen, Deninno, and Chamorro sitting around a table in DeLuca’s basement, talking and riffing about the comics that have come out that week. As artists and life-time comic book aficionados, they’re basically experts in the field, but the show is casual and unpretentious—they’re not afraid to use harsh language, rant about what sucks, and give each other a hard time.
“It started because we needed somebody else to talk shop with,” DeLuca explained. “My neighborhood friends are not into comics at all, and I still get viewed as a geek amongst them. It’s really refreshing to have other people to sit and talk with. It’s like being back in high school, when I could do that with everybody all the time. It’s just kind of nice to have other people to geek out with.”
The show is a way to sift through the good and the bad given the huge amount of new content that gets published each week. To give an idea, DeLuca’s personal collection includes about 6,500 books.
“Our basic concept is that we want to tell you what’s good and what you should totally be avoiding and not wasting your money on. We’ll waste our money on it,” DeLuca said. “There’s so much out there right now in the industry—it’s a little overwhelming, especially if you’re just getting into it. With the economy the way that it is, people can’t afford to be spending three to four dollars per books that span eight issues or cross over into other books or side stories.”
It’s a lot of work—DeLuca estimates that he reads a few hours, or about ten comic books, each night. But it’s work that they love and that the fans appreciate. Their website receives almost 40,000 hits per week, and they receive weekly letters from other comic-book lovers who also want to talk comics, some of which have become personal contacts with the podcasters.
“It was kind of remarkable. We never thought we’d have fans,” DeLuca said. “When people started writing in, more and more every week, it was like—huh? People are watching this shit? We love the fact that people are wasting a half hour of their time watching us and taking the time to write us letters. I think for them, it’s the same thing. Despite the fact that the four of us decided to go on the internet with it, it’s just like a little community of fans that gets to talk shop back and forth.”
The popularity of the show has helped the group to expand their content as well as their access to the comic book world, including behind-the-scenes episodes at comic conventions, interviews with writers and artists in the industry, and contests and giveaways for fans.
“We’ve met so many cool people through the show; it definitely would not have been possible without it,” DeLuca said. “I don’t think we would have had the guts to even try. When you’re standing in line with your books trying to get stuff signed, it’s just fan and creator. When you’re actually talking to them, you get to know them a bit more. You see who’s a jerk and who is the nicest guy in the world.”
As the show has progressed, they’ve played with production a little more, including goofy special effects and small story arcs, such as in the “Skrull” episode, in which the members battled each other in epic fights in the culmination of several episodes, in which it had been subtly suggested that the group was slowly being infiltrated by shape shifters. They’ve also started to incorporate some advertising, on their website and during the podcast, but only for products they think their fans would enjoy, and only via small, fun segments that don’t seem to break up the flow of the show.
Pete’s Basement is approaching its 100th episode, which airs the first week of December.
“As long as fans keep watching and writing us letters and this stays fun—and I really can’t image comic books not staying fun for geeks like us—we’re going to keep doing it,” DeLuca said. “We didn’t start this for anybody else but us, so as long as we still enjoy it, we’re going to do it.”
Commenting is closed for this article.All Articles
Type your name and email address below, then click "Submit" to be added to our spam-free email list.The BioWare development team in charge of the MMO Star Wars: The Old Republic is making changes to the way Preferred Status players are being treated, in order to reward those who are actually willing to pay to get access to the full game experience.
At the moment, the player group will get access to four default Quickbars, up from two, and those who have bought them will get a refund.
In the near future, gamers will also get another four character slots to reach a total of six.
Preferred Status is awarded to those who play the game for free at the moment, but have previously purchased Star Wars: The Old Republic or have bought something using a micro-transaction.
The official statement from BioWare reads: “One of the most important things to us is to hear player feedback on their game experience. Our community team truly has an ear to the ground with community concerns and discussions and we often make changes based on player feedback.”16 Aug 2013
The Vape Source Full-Time
E-Cig Vapor Professional
NOTE: This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant!
Job Description
We will be opening shop in the Koreatown area of Los Angeles on September 2013. We are looking for experienced vapers with excellent people skills and good work ethic to work the sales counter, manage inventory, and help customers with any questions or problems they may have.
The Vape Source
– Jason Lee
575 total views, 1 todayA DUDLEY man who attacked his long-term partner with a hammer because he thought she had been unfaithful, has avoided spending time behind bars.
Mark Dennis lashed out 10 times with the hammer, leaving his victim badly bruised after telling her, "I should cave your head in."
The 48-year-old then threatened to hit her in the face and kill her, before repeatedly striking her legs with the weapon, leaving her in considerable pain.
"You thoroughly deserve to go to prison for what you did," Judge Martin Walsh told Dennis at Wolverhampton Crown Court.
But he ruled it would be far more productive for him to receive assistance from the probation service to prevent a repetition of the offending.
"The injuries you caused were unpleasant but they could have been much more severe," the judge added.
"This was a sustained attack on a vulnerable victim in her own home."
Dennis, of Broom Road, Wrens Nest, admitted assault causing actual bodily harm and he was given a 12 month jail term, suspended for two years.
The judge phone, defending, said Dennis accepted it was an unpleasant incident but stressed he had little recollection of what happened because of the alcohol he had consumed.
He said the only reason Dennis picked up the hammer was to frighten his partner and it had never been his intention to cause her any harm.
"He acknowledges the relationship is now well and truly over," said Mr Mohammed.
"He recognises his wrong doing and, since the incident, he has refrained from alcohol."The bare minimum you need to know about your hosting and email
The web is a great platform to share information and advertise your business or organisation. For a website owner, it can be difficult to understand what you are paying for and what the different terminology means.
Often web developers use the terms 'domain name' and 'hosting' freely, on the mistaken assumption that clients know how they interrelate. Most of the time you can simply let your website developer take care of things and not have to worry about it, but it helps if you know who your website is being hosted by, who manages your domain name and in a broad sense how your website and emails are configured.
So below is an outline of the systems that are normally involved when you are setting up a website. This isn't a full technical explanation of how the web works. It's an overview written in a way that gives just enough information. It's enough to get your head around it, with highlights on the pieces of information you should know if you own a website.
With most website there are four main concepts/services to be aware of. This is important to know as a website owner because depending on your setup, you may have accounts with different companies, and each system may have different login/management systems. You are often billed separately for these services.
The four services are:
- Domain name registration
- Domain name hosting
- Website Hosting
Where it becomes complicated is that these four services can be distinct or they can overlap in different ways. Sometimes they can all be handled by one company or they can be all separately managed and operated. You may get one yearly invoice with these items on it, or you may get a few from different companies.
What is important is that you know who is providing what and what needs to be paid.
Most of the time when you organise the services for a new website, you:
- Register your domain name(s) with a registrar - you get a yearly or bi-yearly invoice for this.
- Organise hosting for your site, which also includes domain name hosting and email services as well - you get a separate invoice for this.
- The domain name is 'pointed' at your web hosting - this allows people to find your website through the domain name(s) you have registered
1. Domain name registration
A domain name is a way to be able to find a website. It isn't your site. It is just a pointer to it. You register a domain name with a registrar, for at least one year, and in the case of .com.au addresses, for two years. What this registrar does is effectively tell all the other servers/computers on the web - 'hey, this website exists, ask me if you want to know where to find it'.
Then when someone types in that domain name, what they are actually doing is asking 'the web' to tell it where the server/host is for that domain name (the actual computer on the internetthat handles the task). What is clever about this system is that you can change where this domain name points - if you decide to change who actually handles your website, you can set up new hosting and simply update the domain name to point to the new host. It's a bit like moving house and having your old phone number redirected to your new property.
What you need to know:
- Domain name registration is normally a separate process and cost.
- Domain name registration doesn't have to be with the same company that hosts your website. It doesn't really matter who you use to register your domain name as there is no impact on speed or reliability.
- You need to make sure you keep your registration up to date (pay your bill), as if your registration lapses your website and email accounts will go offline.
- For a .com.au address, you need to provide an Australian Business Number and your domain name must be 'an exact match or have a close and substantial connection to your business name'.
2. Domain Name Hosting
To keep things simple, this section will only be covered briefly, but this can be an important consideration. What a domain name actually points to is a Domain Name Host. This Domain Name Server (or 'DNS') then points to the actual place where the website is.
Why this extra level of complexity? Well your domain name normally has 'sub-domains', such as mail.yourwebsite.com.au or. These different sub domains can point to different servers, so one server could handle your mail and another your website. Most of the time you don't have to worry about this as your web developer will handle this side of things.
What you need to know:
- Sub-domains and email can be handled by other servers besides your website host, with this configured in the domain name server.
- A domain name record points at a domain name host, which then points to the location of your website.
- You normally don't have to buy this service separately as most web hosts provide DNS as part of the hosting package. In most welcome emails, your webhost will tell you the addresses of the domain name servers (there are normally two), that you enter in against your domain name.
3. Website Hosting
This is the service where the files and resources for your website actually sit. When someone visits your site and views its pages and content, it is this service that is sending them the data. There are all different kinds of server and set up available - you'll need to speak to your web developer for advice on what server package to sign up for. If your site is slow or offline, it is normally this service that is the cause.
What you need to know:
- There are many different kinds of web host and you'll need one that is compatible with the type of website you are having deployed. You'll need to ask your web developer for advice.
- When setting up web hosting with a company, you are normally sent a 'welcome' email. In this email are login details to allow you to upload your website. These are the details your web developer will need to set up your website.
- Often your web developer will set up this hosting directly for you as it is common place for them to 'resell' web hosting.
4. Email
When you have a domain name set up, you can create new email accounts for it. So if you have, you can have set up for example. office@mydomainname.com.au, or any other email you would like.
Most often, this setup of email accounts is done on the same server as your website. There are a few options of handling your emails:
- You can set up an email address that simply forwards emails it receives to another email account. This means you don't have to set up any new accounts on your home/office computer. The benefit of this is that it is very simple to set up.
- You can have a full email account set up that collects and stores your emails. For this you would be given a new email address, password and server details to enter in to your email program.
- If you have set up full email accounts, most web hosts also provide 'web mail' facilities. This is where you can log into a special part of your website and view your emails in a web browser (similar to Google Mail, Hotmail). This can be very handy if you are travelling.
What you need to know:
- Normally the email side of your website is handled by the same company and system as your web hosting. This means that your domain name must remain registered and your hosting active for your emails to work.
- Sometimes bigger offices with specific email needs have a separate email system (e.g. an 'Exchange Server'). In this case, a separate company/service is set up.
- Your web developer can help you set up new email accounts.
A diagram of the above four systems
Summary
The most important thing with the above is to simply keep track of who is hosting your website, who manages your emails and who your domain name is registered with. Most importantly, know when your domain name(s) expire to prevent your website and email from going offline unexpectedly.
Some quick FAQs
What if I want to change hosting?
Not all web hosts are equal. Some are faster/slower than others; some suffer from outages and problems. Sometimes when websites are upgraded, existing web hosts don't have the right facilities available.
So because your domain name is separate from your web hosting, you can set up a copy of your website somewhere else and then change the domain name to point to the new host. Your email accounts often have to be transferred as well (this can be a tricky part of the process).
The thing to be aware of is that making a change to a domain name is not instantaneous - it can take up to 24 hours for a domain name change to 'propagate' across the Internet.
Can I have more than one domain name pointing at a web site?
Yes, you can register as many domain names as you like and your web developer can configure them to point at the same web address. HOWEVER, as tempting as this might be, this can negatively impact your search engine ranking if it isn't set up right. It can be very useful though if you have a business name that is often misspelled.
Help! I forgot to pay my domain name registration.
If this happens, you simply need to pay the registration and your domain name will become active. There is a grace period where no one else can register the domain name, but as soon as your registration has elapsed, your domain name will not work (and any email addresses for it). The best advice here is to pay early and keep on top of things.Pillows are used nightly and serve as an absorbent of slobber and scalp oils in the process. Taking this nightly build-up of bodily excretions into account, it should come as no surprise when pillows begin to smell.
Although freshening the pillow may appear to be a lost cause, there exist several household solutions for deodorizing pillows. By applying some of the below solutions, you can effectively remove the pillow stench and have it smelling like new.
Pillow Smell Removal Solutions
1 Light Tumble Dry + Fabric Softening Sheets
As fast solution for lighter odors, the smelly pillow and fabric softener sheets can be be placed within the dryer. For best results, place at least 4-6 fabric softening sheets in within the dryer and run on the lightest setting for 20-30 minutes. This solution only works with synthetic and is not recommended for feather pillows.
2 Baking Soda Within Pillow Case
As another solution for minor odors, baking soda can be sprinkle within the pillow case. To perform this solution, measure a quarter cup f baking soda and lightly sprinkle the ingredients into the pillow case on both sides. Proceed to shut the opening of the pillow cases and give it a good shake to evenly disperse the deodorizing powder through the inside of the pillow. Performing this task once a week should have a freshening effect of the underlying pillow.
3 Use Enzyme Spray
This solution works by applying active enzymes that eat through much of the odorous organics embedded within your pillow. Begin this solution by removing the pillowcase and proceeding to spray down the pillow with enzyme cleaning spray from all directions. Finish by taking the pillow outside and hanging it within direct sunlight until it is completely dried.
4 Deodorizing Detergent Wash (Only Synthetic)
Check your pillow’s tag to see if it can be placed within the machine machine and dryer. If it is synthetic, there is a good chance that you will be able to put the pillow through an entire laundry cycle. Although regular detergent will work, it may be a good idea to run the use a specialty detergent that is engineered to specifically combat odors. Be sure to follow the limitations set by the pillow’s tag as they can often require delicate washer and dryer settings.
5 If Old, Buy a New Pillow
If the pillow is more than a year old, you may want to consider just buying a new one. Pillows are rather inexpensive and are an item that you use nightly. A ten dollar purchase of a new pillow may be an investment that will pay off in the end.
Photo credit: Ethan SherbondyBell & Ross Retro Aviator
Bell & Ross's latest watch design pays homage to pilots' watches of the 1940s.
Yes, aviation and watch design are closely entwined so it's no surprise that Bell&Ross have raided the archives for some inspiration, but this new WW2 Vintage Regulator Heritage model hits just the right balance of authentic and contemporary.
Based on instruments used by bomber navigators, the face is built around the minute display, crucial in calculating position, while the hours and seconds get separate counters.
The wide notched bezel, large-grooved crown, gun-metal grey case and use of military colours in the strap and markings should make this a favourite for all aviator watch fans.
Bell & Ross say this is the start of a new line in WW2-inspired designs - if this is the start, we're looking forward to seeing the rest.
Joshua Sharf, the vice-chair of the Denver County Republican party is running for state representative in CO-06. His campaign website, powered by the WordPress blog engine, lists the following detail:
Eventually, he turned to a career in web development,
Judging from the website, I can see why he eventually turned to a career in politics.
Now, some would say that this is an unfair criticism; the Internet was still in its fledgling stages in 1997 and "Web Development" consisted of some rough html embed tags.
Then why promote a skill which you only have a passing experience with? Why describe it as a "career" choice if you didn't make it a long term commitment?
I guess it's not so far fetched considering the skills of George W. Bush, a "small businessman" who ran 2 small businesses into the ground. Take a look at this year's slate of Republican candidates, somehow voters are supposed to believe in a doctor who wants to abolish healthcare and multimillionaires who are passing themselves off as populists. From the party which proposes to fix the government's problems by eliminating government we get a "web developer" who chose a WordPress template for his website. It makes perfect sense.
But just when you though the mystery to this guy's incompetence has been solved, I found another mention of his web skills.
From his 2008 candidate profile:
• Republican candidate Joshua Sharf — A contract Web developer for various companies.
So he was citing "web developer" as his primary vocation as recently as 2008.
The more I think about it, the more I come to realize how typically Republican this guy is. Either he's overstating his resume and has no business coding html, or he really does work in the field but he's incapable of producing anything of value.
Comment PreferencesSearch Results: 'Hilarious'
Hilary's 1st Poem
eBook (PDF): $1.25
Download immediately.
In Hilary's first installment of the bored at work poems, Hilary is able to stimulate your mind to a time past-- when basic cable meant something.
Hilary's Heart
Paperback: $19.95
Ships
eBook (PDF): $0.00
Download immediately.
A collection of recipes from Hilary's friends and family.
Hilary's cookbook
Paperback: $9.00
Ships in 3-5 business days.
A collection of recipes from Hilary's friends and family.
hilarious stories
Paperback: List Price: $15.15 $11.36 | You Save: 25%
Ships
Download immediately.
Humans are hilarious.
eBook (PDF): $6.00
Download immediately.
Some Notes from the diary of a lost life. Seeking light in the hopeless life, dreaming for happy ending.
Hilarious: One Funny Story
Paperback: $9.96
Ships in 3-5 business days.
Hilarious: One Funny Story
eBook (PDF): $4.94
Download immediately.
The Assassination of Hilary Mantel
Paperback: List Price: $6.42 $5.14 | You Save: 20%
Ships in 3-5 business days.
Do words incite violence? Should we take up arms against our enemies? Is there any excuse for voting Tory? The Assassination of Hilary Mantel examines these serious and pressing issues, through... More > the reactionary mind of a loyal political party supporter. A clash of ideas is ready to spill over to violence. Respected figures and talking heads of the press draw battle lines against the insidious rise of leftism. From where will a hero come? A radical to stand up for what is on the right? In her satirical short story, Murial Carvolth explores hypocrisy at the heart of the.Journalist Willow Bay has been named director of the journalism school at USC's Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism, the university announced Wednesday.
Bay, 50, is a senior editor at the Huffington Post and a special correspondent and host for Bloomberg TV. She also has been a producer, author and television news anchor, and is married to Bob Iger, chairman and chief executive of Walt Disney Co.
.”
ON LOCATION: Where the cameras roll
Bay has co-anchored ABC's "Good Morning America/Sunday" and CNN's "Moneyline News Hour," and was the lead writer and producer of CNN's weekend news program "Pinnacle."
Bay also has experience in sports journalism. She co-hosted "NBA Inside Stuff," the long-running basketball news show that aired on ABC and NBC..
Bay, one half of one of Hollywood's most prominent couples and known for her on-camera journalism, is a high-profile hire for USC. The previous two directors of the journalism school have been award-winning print journalists.
PHOTOS: Behind the scenes of movies and TV
Former Los Angeles Times editor in chief Michael Parks was named interim director of the school last April. Parks, who won the Pulitzer Prize for international reporting in 1987, had previously been director of the journalism school from 2001 to 2008. He left The Times in 2000.
Geneva Overholser was director of the school of journalism from 2008 until mid-2013. She had a long stint as editor of the Des Moines Register in the late 1980s and 1990s, leading the newspaper to a Pulitzer Prize for public service.
ALSO:
Fox TV chief and Murdoch favorite Peter Rice extends contract
CinemaCon 2014: Cinema advertising spending reaches record level
TV ratings: Andy Samberg's 'Brooklyn Nine-Nine' rises in season finalefrom £172 /night help Price for guests, Nights
Estimated nightly price based on a weekly stay. Excludes fees (if applicable). Enter your dates to see the total cost.
Lodge / 2 bedrooms / sleeps 6
Availability Your dates are available
Lodge / 2 bedrooms / sleeps 6.:18 May 2015
Based in United Kingdom
Payment accepted
Credit cards acceptedNo trip to London is complete without a visit to the notorious Tower of London. Perched on the banks of the Thames this forbidding fortress has throughout history variously been a hotbed of political intrigue, the home of kings, a prison, the seat of government and the setting for foul murder and execution. In the past it has housed lions, bears and enemies of the monarch, today it’s where you’ll find the colourfully dressed beefeaters and the famous flightless ravens.
See the sparkling Crown Jewels in the Jewel House and view the magnificent collection of historic armour. Shiver when you visit the Bloody Tower where the Princes are believed to have been murdered. View Traitors’ Gate through which many famous prisoners have passed. Read the heart-rending inscriptions written by unfortunates incarcerated in the Beauchamp Tower.
And your visit will be even better because your fast-track ticket enables you to jump the queues. The entry queue for customers with prepaid tickets is generally less than 30 minutes at peak times (the queue to buy tickets on the day can be upwards of 2 hours!).
Must do when in London. Awesome...Roberto Sanchez
We hadn't been to the Tower of London for over 20 years and the difference in the present exhibition to the past was incredible. It truly is a wonderful trip through the...T F James
Fantastic felt we were touching history only problem was husband was in temporary wheelchair and the cobbles were a bit of a struggle...marian reynolds
The Tower of London is open daily
The recommended visit time is 3 hours however you are free to stay as long as you wish.
Tuesday – Saturday : 9:00am to 4:30pm
Sunday – Monday: 10:00am to 4:30pm. Last admission is at 4:00pm.
The recommended visit time is 3 hours however you are free to stay as long as you wish.
The Tower of London is located at Tower Hill London, EC3N 4AB. The nearest tube station is Tower Hill (District and Circle Lines) Buses 15, 42, 78, 100, RV1 and all of the London sightseeing buses serve the tower of London.
Immediately on booking you will be emailed a receipt for your purchase. We will follow this up with your booking voucher within 48 hours of receiving your booking.
You should take this booking voucher to the Tower of London ticket office then proceed to the advanced ticket gate. This procedure is quicker as you do not have to queue as long as in the normal ticket desk
Internal buildings close 30 minutes before the scheduled closing time but you may carry on enjoying the grounds.
Unfortunately this attraction is not suitable for those with mobility problems.
See the Cancellation policy for this productProperty history of 8 Wroxton Court, Westcroft, Milton Keynes MK4 4BG, 11th Sep 2009
Previously listed for sale on
11th Sep 2009
£374,995 - 5 bedroom detached house
Property description
A modern detached house in a small cul-de-sac. The property comprises of hall, w/c, sitting room with large family conservatory off, dining room, breakfast/kitchen and utility with three double bedrooms (master ensuite) and a family bathroom to the first floor with two further double bedrooms and a shower room to the second floor. The property benefits from double glazing and gas central heating. Outside there are enclosed gardens to the rear and a double garage and driveway. (A/1865/M)A BILL to amend chapter sixteen of the code of West Virginia, one thousand nine hundred thirty-one, as amended, by adding thereto a new article, designated article thirty-six, relating to requiring the director of the division of health to establish a blood borne pathogen standard governing occupational exposure of public employees to blood and other potentially infectious materials; and requiring that a list be maintained and made available specifying existing needleless systems and sharps with engineered sharps injury protection.
§16-36-3. Maintenance of list of systems with engineered sharps injury protection.Mitt Romney’s Overseas Trip Begins With Brutal Sassing by British Prime Minister
What was that about understanding our special relationship?READ MORE »
What was that about understanding our special relationship?READ MORE »
“Eight years was awesome and I was famous and I was powerful."READ MORE »
Not even POTUS.READ MORE »
Sorry, Cubs fans.READ MORE »
"Whatever."READ MORE »
“It’s inconvenient to have to stop at some stoplights coming over here."READ MORE »
They aren't nice!READ MORE »
No more Spanish!READ MORE »
Man's thoughts on Syria and Iran less clear.READ MORE »
"You’ve always got to eat before you stand for a long time. That’s a little tip."READ MORE »
"I think it’s been the worst campaign I’ve ever seen in my life."READ MORE »
This is getting ridiculous.READ MORE »
"It's a little troubling sometimes."READ MORE »
"I'm not going to change my positions by virtue of being in a presidential campaign."READ MORE »
"The higher a monkey climbs on the pole the more you can see his butt."READ MORE »
A very large bladder?READ MORE »
"This is like watching Walton or Kroc develop Walmart and McDonald’s."READ MORE »
"I'm not supposed to know anything about foreign policy."READ MORE »
"OH WOW. OH WOW. OH WOW."READ MORE »
"I think that the so-called PalestinianPosted: 01/13/2010
I did things a little differently this year. When I came up with my shortlist for the top 20 movies of 2009, I came up with a little over 30. Oops! However, I also noticed that they sort of fit into genre categories so that I could instead do 5 movies per genre. This, obviously, was very exciting. So here they are, folks, my Top Fives for 2009, which roughly translate to my Top 30 for the year. As usual, click the film title to see its page on Metacritic (where available). Enjoy!
Top 5 Comedy:
1. A Serious Man (dir. Ethan and Joel Coen)
It’s extremely tempting to think of A Serious Man as the first Coen Brothers film that’s directly autobiographical: the film is the story of two tumultuous weeks in the life of an upper middle-class Jewish family living in Minnesota in the late 1960s. While we’ll likely never know how much of the film is based on their lives, there’s no question that A Serious Man is their best “comedy” since The Big Lebowski and easily one of their best films period. Hilarious and bleak.
2. Black Dynamite (dir. Scott Sanders)
This year’s other astonishing replication of film history (along with The House of the Devil) was Black Dynamite, basically the Wet Hot American Summer of blaxploitation cinema: it is simultaneously a ridiculous parody of and a lovingly detailed tribute to the genre. Michael Jai White’s badass hero would fit right in with Fred Williamson (who has inexplicably publicly denounced the film) and Jim Kelly. In fact, White looks like he could hand Black Belt Jones a pretty severe beating at a moment’s notice. It gets a little too goofy toward the end, but for most of its length it’s both ridiculously funny and legitimately awesome. Black Dynamite pulls off a genre-straddling tightrope act and makes it look easy.
3. Big Fan (dir. Robert D. Siegel)
Big Fan isn’t quite as dark as its trailer might lead you to believe. Oh, it’s dark, to be sure— Patton Oswalt’s performance as “Paul from Staten Island,” possibly dangerously obsessed football fan is both unsettling and hilarious. What the trailer doesn’t really get across is the simple fact that Big Fan is pretty damned funny, too. Oswalt is amazing, and the supporting cast is uniformly great, especially Kevin Corrigan as Paul’s sidekick Sal and Marcia Jean Kurtz as Paul’s Mom. Big Fan is funny and uncomfortable, often at the same time.
4. The Brothers Bloom (dir. Rian Johnson)
Rian Johnson followed up his high school noir Brick with this whimsical, hugely entertaining film that could not have been more different if it had been shot on the Moon. Adrien Brody and Mark Ruffalo play Bloom and Stephen— the brothers of the title— a pair of con men known for their elaborate schemes. Stephen is the mastermind and Bloom is his star, but when Bloom decides he wants to get out of the con game Stephen convinces him to do the legendary One Last Job. In this case, the Last Job involves convincing a crazy, isolated heiress (Rachel Weisz) to part with some of her considerable fortune. Rounding out the leads is Rinko Kikuchi as Bang Bang, Stephen’s girlfriend and the Brothers’ explosives expert. There’s probably nothing here you haven’t seen before, but the film explodes with the sheer joy of filmmaking. Everyone looks like they’re having the time of their lives, and it’s infectious. There’s a lot going on under the surface of The Brothers Bloom than a single viewing is likely to uncover, but it can just as easily be enjoyed as a fun take on classic con games.
5. World’s Greatest Dad (dir. Bobcat Goldthwait)
Even darker than Big Fan is World’s Greatest Dad, the latest film written and directed by Bobcat Goldthwait. There’s basically no way to actually advertise World’s Greatest Dad: the film’s trailer is nearly as misleading as the DVD artwork, which basically makes it look like just another wacky Robin Williams vehicle. Nothing could be further from the truth— Williams gives his best performance since One Hour Photo as a poetry teacher and failed novelist who has to deal with a truly horrible son (Daryl Sabara from the Spy Kids films!) on top of personal and professional difficulties. The film takes a hard turn at the end of the first act, and Goldthwait carefully tempers scenes of jet-black humor with surprising warmth. Totally unique.
Top 5 Documentaries:
1. Blood, Boobs and Beast (dir. John Paul Kinhart)
Blood, Boobs and Beast is a documentary about Don Dohler, legendary low-budget sci-fi/horror filmmaker. After finding himself on the business end of a shotgun during a robbery of his workplace on his 30th birthday, Dohler decided to live his dream of making a movie. His little film, The Alien Factor, ended up riding the post-Star Wars wave of sci-fi enthusiasm and creating a new career for Dohler. After a fateful meeting with Lloyd Kaufman convinced Dohler that he needed “The Three B’s” (of the film’s title) to be a successful filmmaker, Don launched a career churning out low-budget pictures that audiences ate up but that he never seemed all that satisified with. Equal parts inspiring “you can do it” story and “be careful what you wish for” cautionary tale, Blood, Boobs and Beast is one of the best documentaries about filmmaking I’ve ever seen.
2. The Rock-Afire Explosion (dir. Brett Whitcomb)
If you went to Showbiz Pizza when you were a kid, you saw The Rock-Afire Explosion: an animatronic band led by Fats, a keyboard-playing gorilla. The Explosion disappeared when Showbiz merged with Chuck E. Cheese, and until now had largely been consigned to obscurity. This documentary explains the rise and fall of Showbiz and the Explosion’s creator Aaron Fechter, as well as their biggest fan Chris Thrash, whose Youtube videos brought The Explosion back into the spotlight. Sweet, funny and a little melancholy, The Rock-Afire Explosion’s biggest problem is its length— it’s too short! Still, the film was clearly a labor of love for all involved. Fascinating.
3. Not Quite Hollywood: The Wild, Untold Story of Ozploitation! (dir. Mark Hartley)
This might be the most exciting documentary I watched all year. It definitely earns that exclamation point at the end of the title. Basically, by the time it was over, I had decided that I needed to see every single film ever made in Australia. A dense, fast-paced portrait of the glory days of “Ozploitation,” Not Quite Hollywood is packed with tons of interviews with fans (Quentin Tarantino is NOT the craziest person here!) as well as the filmmakers, critics and stars. And, of course, clips from dozens of films, many of which you’ve probably never heard of but now can’t possibly live with yourself for not seeing.
4. Anvil!: The Story of Anvil (dir. Sacha Gervasi)
Lazy writers the world over called Anvil! the “real Spinal Tap.” The fact is that Anvil! is a hell of a lot more than that— it’s often really funny, sure, but it’s also a genuinely moving portrayal of two life-long best friends who have stuck out more than their fair share of troubles. You can’t help but love these guys by the time the movie’s over, and their subsequent success is made all the sweeter for knowing the story behind the band. The feel-good metal documentary of the year!
5. Dear Zachary: A Letter to a Son about His Father (dir. Kurt Kuenne)
OK, a couple of things: first, I believe this film actually had a short theatrical run in 2008, so technically I suppose it’s not a 2009 release. Second, there’s no way I would ever watch this again. The simple fact is that Dear Zachary is one of the most devastating and upsetting films I’ve ever seen. I don’t remember the last time I had trouble sleeping after watching a film because I was still reeling— Dear Zachary is an amazing example of the power documentary film can wield. The less you know about it going in the better. I’ll never watch it again, but I can’t recommend it enough. Anything that hit me this hard deserves a spotlight, release dates be damned.
Top 5 Horror Films:
1. Pontypool (dir. Bruce McDonald)
While Antichrist was busy digging into the deep structures of your lizard brain, Pontypool was trying to instill terror in your language centers. Based on an impenetrable novel by Anthony Burgess (who wrote the film’s fantastic screenplay), Pontypool gives us a claustrophobic look at the apocalypse, peeking out at the world through phone calls coming in to an AM radio station in a church basement in a small town in Canada. Truly absorbing performances by Stephen McHattie as a grizzled, burnout shock radio host and Lisa Houle as his morning-show producer carry the film along and put the viewer right in the middle of the action, such as it is. A funny, inventive take on the tired “zombie apocalypse” subgenre. Make sure to stick around after the credits!
2. The House of the Devil (dir. Ti West)
Ti West’s homage to early-80s horror is a letter-perfect re-creation of one of those movies I always browsed through at the local video store while plowing my way through the horror section in high school. It’s also a grower: I wasn’t that into it the first time I watched it, but the more I thought about it the more I loved it, and repeat viewings have sealed the deal. This is not just a deft replica of a period in horror film history, it’s a damned great horror movie in its own right. Special kudos to Dark Sky Films for releasing this on VHS in February!
3. The Children (dir. Tom Shankland)
Sadly, more and more great international films are getting the straight-to-DVD treatment in the US. One of the best horror films of the year was quietly released on DVD in October on Sam Raimi’s Ghost House Underground DVD label. Tom Shankland’s amazing take on the “killer kid” subgenre may well be the best of its kind ever made. The tension ratchets up inexorably as two families gathered for the holidays in a remote cabin notice that weird things are happening and the children are acting strangely. Shankland plays brilliantly on the fact that kids naturally do weird stuff, avoiding (or smartly twisting) the tired cliches that make these kinds of films so samey. Looks especially great when compared to the overly-serious Orphan.
4. Deadgirl (dir. Marcel Sarmiento & Gadi Harel)
Holy shit, you guys. Deadgirl comes on like a punch in the face, dazing and flooring you before you even have a chance to think about what just happened. How the hell did this movie get made? What was that pitch meeting like? “See, it’s about two teenage boys who find a naked zombie lady chained to a table, and one of them decides to keep her as a sex slave and it’s an allegory….” Severely divisive, Deadgirl is a film that leaves no middle ground for audiences. Everyone I know who has seen it either absolutely detests it or thinks it’s one of the best horror films of the last decade. I’m in the latter camp, obviously. Unrelentingly bleak and genuinely disturbing, Deadgirl could be the most violently feminist film ever made. Plan to watch it at least twice if you’re going to see it— that first viewing is going to be rough.
5. Jennifer’s Body (dir. Karyn Kusama)
While everyone was busy trying to prove they hated Diablo Cody and/or Megan Fox more than everybody else, a few of us actually went to see the movie everyone was bitching about. And guess what? It’s pretty great. While lazy critics compared it to Heathers (dark comedy + high school = Heathers, and only Heathers, apparently), Jennifer’s Body is much more closely related to Ginger Snaps in the way it uses supernatural story elements to examine the way close female friends grow apart as teenagers. Megan Fox tears into the part of Jennifer admirably, creating one of the most memorable and effective villainesses in recent memory. I guarantee this one will have a cult following once people shut the hell up and actually start watching the movie.
Top 5 Movies You Can Watch with Your Mom:
1. Up (dir. Pete Doctor & Bob Peterson)
Pixar continues their post-Cars streak with one of the most emotionally affecting animated films ever made. Seriously, both times I watched this movie I probably missed a good 15 minutes of it trying to keep my shit together. Up is on less sure footing when it falls into the standard action-adventure storyline, but even those scenes feature more inventiveness and garner more audience goodwill than the entire Shrek series has ever managed. Sweet, heartbreaking, and very, very funny.
2. Where the Wild Things Are (dir. Spike Jonze)
Spike Jonze said that his intent with Where the Wild Things Are was to capture the feeling of being 9 years old. I think he might have overshot the mark a little bit— this is maybe a little closer to 11— but regardless, the film is a rousing success. From a technical standpoint, the Wild Things themselves are among the most astonishing creatures to grace the screen in a year of impressive imaginary things brought to life. From a story standpoint, what kid didn’t want to run wild and escape from the uncertainties of home life and the looming spectre of adolescence? The playful undercurrent of Jonze’s previous features is brought literally to the surface here, and it seems like the rumpus is what he’s been working toward his entire career.
3. The Fantastic Mr. Fox (dir. Wes Anderson)
Also, strangely, seeming like the natural evolution of his career trajectory is Wes Anderson’s stop-motion animated feature The Fantastic Mr. Fox. Weirdly class-conscious (Fox wants to move into a house because the foxhole makes him “feel poor”), some of the storyline may be lost on younger viewers but they’ll still be delighted by the animation. The character design and low-fi look seemed strange in the trailers, but they’re positively charming in the feature. A great voice cast and smart writing (especially funny when the characters actually act like the animals they are) keep things interesting, and this feels like Anderson’s first film since Rushmore to be so excited about being a movie. I dare you not to grin when the animals do their celebratory dances!
4. Coraline (dir. Henry Selick)
Coraline is a direct descendant of The Nightmare Before Christmas, and it’s obvious: dark and surreal, some of the film’s imagery is undeniably going to appeal to the Hot Topic crowd. However, there’s a reason both films appeal to young goths-in-training beyond the skeletons in suits and pesky neighbors with buttons sewn over their eyes: being a kid can be legitimately scary sometimes, and Coraline (like Where the Wild Things Are) doesn’t shy away from that fact. Surprisingly, the film is in some ways even darker than Neil Gaiman’s novel, and that creepiness means Coraline is going to be a good gateway movie for kids interested in monsters. For the rest of us, it’s a reminder of what fascinated us about weird stuff in the first place.
5. Sita Sings the Blues (dir. Nina Paley)
It’s animated but it’s definitely not a kid’s film, but Sita Sings the Blues isn’t a South Park-style barrage of gleeful offense, either. Nina Paley famously created this animated feature as basically a one-woman show, bringing in others for voiceover but otherwise creating everything herself. It’s a stunning achievement that points toward exciting things in the future for micro-budget/one-person filmmaking. It’s also the only movie on my list that I’m aware of that you can go download for free (legally!) right this minute— check the web site for more information!
Potpurri!:
1. Inglourious Basterds (dir. Quentin Tarantino)
The simple fact is that no one else makes films that leave me buzzing with the sheer dizzy joy of movies like Quentin Tarantino, and Inglourious Basterds may well be his best film yet. Tarantino wrings more tension out of pure dialogue scenes than anyone, while the sparse action both entertains and slyly comments on the kind of filmgoer who is entertained by violence. It’s epic, insanely entertaining filmmaking on a grand scale, and it’s going to take a hell of a lot more than a few sentences here to unpack! Just go see for yourselves, dammit!
2. The Hurt Locker (dir. Kathryn Bigelow)
Hopefully The Hurt Locker will get Jeremy Renner the status he deserves— he’s flat-out amazing in this film. Incredibly tense and claustrophobic, The Hurt Locker follows Renner as Sgt. William James, an explosives expert stationed in Iraq who specializes in disarming improvised bombs. The scenes in which he does his work are almost unbearably intense, and the grimy look of the film makes you feel like you’re sweating along with him. Renner is backed up by an excellent supporting cast as well, most notably Anthony Mackie as his partner. Somewhat uncomfortably ambiguous in its dealings with the war itself, The Hurt Locker can be read as either a damning indictment of war’s dehumanizing effects on people or a celebration of committed patriotism. In any case, you’ll have plenty to think about after the credits roll.
3. Import/Export (dir. Ulrich Seidl)
John Waters perfectly summed up Import/Export when he named it his favorite film of 2009: “The most sorrowful movie of the year…. The miserable lives of Ukrainian immigrants in Vienna make this agonizing but brilliantly directed opus the cinematic equivalent of slitting your wrists. A new genre? Depression porn? Hey, I got off.” The film follows parallel storylines— in one, a Ukrainian nurse named Olga (Ekateryna Rak) takes up an internet porn job to support her family, but eventually has to leave for Austria to find work (in a hospice) that pays the bills. In the other story, a none-too-bright former mall security guard named Pauli (Paul Hofmann) travels from Austria to the Ukraine to install vending and arcade machines with his lecherous stepfather. Gorgeously shot and truly depressing, yet lightened by occasional flashes of unexpected humor, Import/Export will stick with you for a long time.
4. After Last Season (dir. Mark Region)
After Last Season has proven itself to be a bottomless well of weirdness. First there was watching the internet go into the stages of grieving over its existence (have we made it to Acceptance yet?), and then there are the updates to the film’s website, which offer more mind-blowing insanity on a regular basis. All those walls made of cardboard painted white? Apparently some of those were special effects added in post-production. A complete deconstruction of film, watching After Last Season is like watching an alien intelligence attempt to approximate a “moving picture entertainment with sound.” Totallly bizarre and truly in a class by itself.
5. Antichrist (dir. Lars von Trier)
Lars von Trier is a total bastard. He’s never really made any bones about it, but the fact is his work backs up his enormous ego, and Antichrist is no exception. In fact, this is not only the most genuinely scary film of the year, it’s one of the most unsettling “horror” films ever made. von Trier takes the horror genre back to its caveman roots, terrifyingly using the darkness and mystery of nature and the effect its seeming chaos can have on our supposedly rational minds. And this horrific tapping of the fears of your deep lizard brain comes after a harrowing portrayal of a woman who has lost her child and is in the throes of a disturbingly realized nervous breakdown (Charlotte Gainsbourg is terrifying). Not one I’m going to watch again any time soon, but unquestionably one of the most effectively unsettling films you’re ever likely to see.
Top 5 Science Fiction:
1. Watchmen (dir. Zack Snyder)
My favorite derogatory review of Watchmen criticized the film for being utterly faithful to its source, as if to say “We made a movie of Watchmen, isn’t that awesome?” Well, actually, yeah. It is. Zack Snyder performed the miraculous act of transporting a huge percentage of Alan Moore’s game-changing graphic novel to the screen intact. And it is a wonder to behold. After this, The Dark Knight and Iron Man, the bar for comic book adaptations has been set ridiculously high.
2. Moon (dir. Duncan Jones)
Moon feels a bit like the belated completion of a loose trilogy of recent thoughtful, serious science fiction films started with Darren Aronofsky’s The Fountain and continued with Danny Boyle’s Sunshine. The scope of Moon is considerably more narrow— Sam Rockwell plays the only crewman on a moon base, and is almost the only human seen in the entire film. Saying much else would be saying too much, as much of Moon’s charms lie in both the audience’s uncertainty and the film’s refusal to insult the viewer by spelling out everything. Beautiful and thought-provoking.
3. The Box (dir. Richard Kelly)
Richard Kelly’s The Box is another film (like Jennifer’s Body) that is destined to gather a dedicated cult— not unlike his previous films, Donnie Darko and the seriously underrated Southland Tales. This time out Kelly assured everyone he was going to make an accessible film that still dealt with the themes that his other films have been preoccupied with, and he partially succeeded. There’s no question that The Box is Kelly’s most accessible film yet, but that’s really not saying much. Packed with crazy imagery and big ideas, the film is anchored by surprisingly solid performances from its leads (particularly Cameron Diaz— I know, right?) even as it leaves you with a hell of a lot more questions than answers. There’s been talk that this film’s box office crash-and-burn may signal the end of Kelly’s career. Let’s hope that’s not the case. We need somebody making insane, thoughtful science fiction like this.
4. Star Trek (dir. JJ Abrams)
Turns out the way to make Star Trek fun and cool was simple: take all the original characters, amp up their defining characteristics to cartoonish proportions, and put them in the middle of a whole bunch of awesome stuff blowing up. JJ Abrams manages to do in one film what the series has been trying to do for decades, finally creating a Trek that can go toe-to-toe with any Star Wars film for sheer top-shelf entertainment value. Without a doubt, Star Trek was head and shoulders the best big-budget Summer event movie of the year, giving audiences the spectacle and action they wanted without insulting their intelligence (or, you know, alienating entire races like Transformers tried to do). Totally awesome.
5. District 9 (dir. Neill Blomkamp)
District 9 basically beat Avatar to the punch on several different levels. The “prawns,” as the aliens are referred to, are absolutely convincing as physical presences interacting with each other and with the humans in the film. For all its shininess, Avatar’s aliens still look embarrassingly cartoonish in comparison. And as far as leaving the audience with things to think about… well, District 9 does. Avatar doesn’t. In a lot of ways, the films are similar: they both concern people who work with aliens and come to have a new understanding of the alien culture. The major difference is that District 9 is concerned more with its characters than its technology, and that makes all the difference. The best big-studio sci-fi action film in ages.
Jason Coffman is a film critic living in Chicago.
Got a problem? E-mail us at filmmonthly@gmail.comYour filtersClear All
Heel Type
Filter by
Stock AvailabilityView less
SS15 Shoe TrendsView less
Shoe StyleView less
ColourView less
BrandView less
- Clarks (5)
- Dune (29)
- J Shoes (0)
- UGG (3)
- Ash (1)
- Carvela (24)
- Carvela Comfort (12)
- Collection WEEKEND by John Lewis (1)
- Dune Black (7)
- FitFlop (11)
- Fly (4)
- Gabor (12)
- Geox (3)
- Hobbs (3)
- Hotter (5)
- Jigsaw (5)
- John Lewis (26)
- John Lewis Designed for Comfort (9)
- KG by Kurt Geiger (5)
- Kurt Geiger (3)
- L.K. Bennett (11)
- Mint Velvet (14)
- Miss KG (4)
- Nike (4)
- Peter Kaiser (2)
- Steve Madden (7)
- Ted Baker (1)
- TOMS (3)
- Unisa (4)
Shoe SizeView more
Heel TypeView more
Heel HeightView more
Shoe MaterialView more
PriceView more
See also
Women's Shoes & Boots (37)
Prepare for the ever-changing British weather with a pair of versatile, adaptable flats. Opt for cutaway detailing or open backs to keep feet cool and choose a pointed toe to stay on top of the treadsJonathan Chung-Kuan Huang
Robotics Institute
Carnegie Mellon University
Jon is a second year PhD student advised by Carlos Guestrin at the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon. He is interested in activity monitoring and people tracking by fusing information from multiple sensors (including cameras). More broadly, he is interested in Machine Learning and Computer Vision.For additional information contact Martin Gagnon at: 207/333-6640 4 or e-mail: mgagnon
@auburnpubliclibrary.org
Auburn, Maine – Auburn Public Library, Beacon Hospice, Edward LIttle High School, and L/A Arts are collaborating to present a performance and discussion of A Finished Heart on Thursday, March 7, 2013 at 6:00 p.m. in the Community Room of Auburn Public Library at 49 Spring Street. The event is open to the general public, with a special invitation to high school students and teachers. At Edward Little High School, students will be focusing on themes raised by the piece during the weeks before and after the performance. The Library will highlight a display of books and other resources on care, illness, loss, and emotional health oriented toward teens. This event is funded in part by a grant from the Maine Arts Commission, an independent state agency supported by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Maine Humanities Council, a private non-profit organization affiliated with the National Endowment for the Humanities.
When his husband of sixteen years became ill, author and composer Eliott Cherry cared for him at home. He also recorded their conversations in his diary. After Chris Chenard died in 2007, Eliott wrote poetry, prose and music and combined these with his journal entries to create A Finished Heart.
Eliott Cherry will perform dramatic story and poetry accompanied by a musical score, with Martin Perry at the piano. The audience is invited to attend a post-performance discussion with the author, facilitated by a counselor from Edward Little High School, and the volunteer coordinator of Auburn's Beacon Hospice. Participants will have a chance to share experiences and questions related to care-giving, dying, and loss.
By sharing the intimacy of two men who have committed their lives to each other, Cherry hopes that A Finished Heart will stimulate participants to discover compassionate ways to be with dying individuals and their loved ones, and to broaden their perspectives on dying, care-giving, grief, and life. Further goals are to build respect for the diversity of human relationships, offer a role model and hope for gay youth who may despair that spousal relationships are not possible for them, and to strengthen bonds among family members., the University of New England, the University of Southern Maine, the Holocaust & Human Rights Center of Maine, and the Cambridge, MA Public Library as well as for many faith congregations. The work has also been presented at the New England Consortium on Life Stories. Performances have received support from the Maine Arts Commission, the Maine Humanities Council, and the JSL Foundation. Eliott Cherry, a composer and performer, is working to bring A Finished Heart to diverse audiences throughout Maine and beyond. Martin Perry, a freelance pianist and recording artist, specializes in music of the 20th century.
For more information, please visit.
###
@auburnpubliclibrary.org
Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at his or her own risk. Various websites may be linked through the MaineArts.com website. Content of such sites is not monitored by the Maine Arts Commission.What does SPPP mean in NASA?
This page is about the meanings of the acronym/abbreviation/shorthand SPPP in the Governmental field in general and in the NASA terminology in particular.
Spacelab Payloads Processing Project
Translation
Find a translation for SPPP in other languages:
Select another language:
Discuss this SPPP abbreviation with the community:
Citation
Use the citation below to add this abbreviation to your bibliography:
"SPPP." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Craftsy Member since June 2013
I'm enrolled in these Craftsy classes:
Patternmaking Basics: The Bodice Sloper
Magical Jelly Roll Quilts
Quilting Big Projects on a Small Machine
Ins & Outs of Grafting
Basics of Digital Photography
Fit Your Knits
Creative Quilt Backs
Perfect Pizza at Home
Craftsy Block of the Month 2013
Sew Ready: Machine Basics
Sewing Machine Feet from A to Z
One Pattern, Many Looks: Pants
The Couture Dress
Mastering Zipper Techniques
Sewing With Knits
Hand-Embellishing Knit Fabric
Bag-Making Basics: Reversible Tote & Zipper Pouch
Bag-Making Basics: Drawstring Bag & Bucket Bag
ElsewhereStars for Howe, Shatner replaced on Canada's Walk of Fame
The Canadian Press
Published Wednesday, December 1, 2010 2:36PM EST
TORONTO - Cracked stars belonging to legendary Detroit Red Wings right winger Gordie Howe and "Star Trek" actor William Shatner have been replaced on Canada's Walk of Fame.
The new red granite plaques were installed this morning on the sidewalk outside Roy Thomson Hall in Toronto by three city workers as a light drizzle fell.
They used limestone and sand to put in the new plaques to replace those installed in 2000, which had been damaged by a sidewalk snow plow.
The workers also lifted out and reset stones belonging to rockers Nickelback and "Deal or No Deal" game show host Howie Mandel that had heaved out of place.
The original plaque belonging to Howe, a four-time Stanley Cup winner, had a crack on the bottom left corner and some chips out of it -- which had the city and the walk organization in the penalty box with fans.
Shatner's original plaque looked like it was shot up by a phaser along the edge.by Carol Thompson
Oswego County Treasurer John Kruk has announced he will step down from his position effective Feb. 28.
He announced his intention to retire during Thursday’s meeting of the Oswego County Legislature’s Finance and Personnel Committee.
Now, the legislature will determine if the vacancy will be filled by a governor appointment or if they will appoint.
Legislature Chairman Fred Beardsley and Legislator James Karasek have both expressed interest in the position.
New York State County Law, Section 400, states a vacancy is to be filled by the governor.
Kruk’s term was to expire at the end of this year and will be on the ballot in the November election. The position of treasurer is elected every four years.
Kruk served as the executive assistant to the mayor of the City of Fulton until his election as the county treasurer in 2001. He narrowly defeated James Bryant for the position in a Republican primary race.
Kruk also served as the Oswego County Republican Committee treasurer and currently serves as the acting treasurer. He told the committee that he was exhausted and wanted to spend more time with his family in announcing his decision.
“This will be my last Finance and Personnel Committee meeting,” he said.
Minority Leader Mike Kunzwiler said he will be in contact with the governor’s office to determine how the vacancy is to be filled. Should it be a governor’s appointment, the Democrat caucus will likely select Kruk’s successor as the governor is a Democrat and traditionally vacancies are filled with a person of the same party affiliation as the governor.
Kunzwiler gave no indication of who that person would be should he make the recommendation to the governor.You can use this free image under our RF-LL terms. Please add a credit line next to the photo in your design, a suggestion is provided above the image.
Resolution: 1900x1450 pixels (2.8 MP)
Print size: 6.3" x 4.8"@300 dpi
Print size: 16cm x 12.2cm@300 dpi
Size: 1.85 Mb
Keep in touch:
Copyright © 2000-2015 Dreamstime. All rights reserved. Dreamstime is a member of PACA and CEPIC.When Donington on Bain shop owner Jenny Ward heard all about Cadwell Park’s 80th birthday celebrations, she could not resist ‘joining’ the party.
Mrs Ward, a well known figure in the Wolds, decided to decorate one of the front windows of her shop in the village’s main street.
It is now decked out with various memorabilia highlighting Cadwell Park’s impressive history.
Mrs Ward said: “I’m the closest shop to Cadwell Park and it brings quite a few people into the village so I thought this was the least I could do. I’m really pleased with how it looks.”
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.Bump To The Floor (Prod By Polow Da Don) (Tags), the latest cut from Rich Boy featuring Lloyd & Drake on the assist. It was released on Thursday, July 15th, 2010. Things are improving for Rich Boy with each new offering, and To The Floor (Prod By Polow Da Don) (Tags) is certainly no exception. It's a worthy addition to the Rich Boy's catalogue, which has seen much evolution as of late. We're definitely anticipating the next step.
Check out Rich Boy on To The Floor (NO DJ), featuring Lloyd & Drake. Check out Rich Boy's profile page for the most recent info, news, songs, and mixtapes.
Is this a good combination? Can you appreciate the bars here?While all AOC students are admitted by the Admissions Office, some AOC students are admitted with the condition that they successfully complete AOC's Summer Bridge Program.
Summer Bridge Program
What is the Summer Bridge Program?
What are the components?
What are the requirements?
Summer Bridge Program 2013 Brochure
What is the Summer Bridge Program?AOC recognizes that some students' educational experience may not have prepared them to succeed at UW-Milwaukee. The Summer Bridge Program helps students with their transition from high school to college. Bridge provides four weeks of intensive instruction, advising, and opportunities to develop a network of relationships on campus that are essential to success in students' first year at the university. The main focus of the program, however, is academic. Students, taught by experienced college instructors, complete college level assignments in four subjects that introduce them to the expectations of university courses. Through coursework, advising, and day-to-day experiences on campus, students build competencies necessary for a successful first year at UWM. According to Bridge alumni surveyed, the program improved students' retention and students' grades during their first year of college. Students selected for Bridge must successfully complete the program to be admitted into UWM through AOC. Back to the top ^
What are the components?Writing. Students are introduced to college reading and writing practices. Writing assignments integrate critical reading, writing, and reflection. Reading. Students learn reading strategies and techniques for comprehending increasingly longer and more challenging college-level material. Math. Students learn basic math skills for succeeding in college. Fractions, decimals, percentages, geometry, beginning algebra, combining like terms, operations with polynomials and solving linear equations are covered. Educational Psychology. Students learn time management, note taking, reading, and test preparation skills for college. Students become familiar with UWM related electronic resources. Intensive Advising. Students are assigned an advisor who works closely with them to help find solutions to academic problems as well as to register for classes. The advisor builds trust with students, monitors student academic progress and identifies support resources. Social/Cultural Connections. AOC encourages students to develop relationships with each other in and outside the classroom. Students are each assigned a mentor and are also oriented to UWM through AOC. Back to the top ^
What are the requirements?Students must attend the Program's 4-week session in the summer.
For summer 2013, the dates are July 8 - August 2.
To retain their tentative admission in Fall 2013, students must: • Attend Bridge Monday through Friday 8:00 am to 1:00 pm, and the community engagement sessions held on July 11th and August 1st from noon to 2:00 pm. • Earn at least a "C" in ALL four courses. • Meet with his/her advisor periodically during the Bridge session. • Comply with Summer Bridge Program Agreement, including the Code of Conduct. • Abide by individual course policies.
Students who do not meet these requirements will have their enrollment at UWM cancelled and will not be able to attend in Fall 2013.
Students should expect to: • Type/word process many assignments (computer lab is available) • Complete an average of four hours of homework per night • Limit works hours to no more than 10-15 hours per week during Bridge • Pay a $50 Bridge admission fee. Back to the top ^
Special thanks to our co-sponsors, the UWM Student Union and the UW Credit Union.Games with awesome story5votes I like it
Gothic
250
Windson7 says: RPG game - Choose a side to join, do quests, learn skills, etc. But as you progress through the chapters, the story gets better. Disasters happen, wars begin, fear strikes. There could be more to it than it seems... find out more when you play. :)
removeupdown
Gothic 2 Gold Edition
250
Windson7 says: RPG-In this sequel and the expansion, there are a lot more items, different sides to join, better story. There is a new threat. More and stronger monsters, more conflicts. Will you be able to save the world once again? buy the game and find out :P :)
removeupdown
Lionheart: Legacy of the Crusader
250
Windson7 says: RPG - a betrayal leads to a terrible disaster which changes human life forever. Humans inherit Spirits, magical powers, create new races and conflicts. Every single quest you do is unique to the storyline. There are different factions and
60 Reader Comments
Unfortunately these arrests will mean nothing as long as these "insiders" remain they will continually release shit to more intelligent and elusive pirates than these guys.
It's like those "put dope on the table" arrests they perform in The Wire.
Morons.
...and they're not being charged with Contributing to Art Crime?
Depends if it's criminal or civil. Criminal penalty is 15 years+. Civil is usually < $50k fine.
I assume the "go fig" part means you didn't read the cases in question?
Whenever I see one of these stories on ars I almost wish this was Slashdot. This sort of thing is practically begging to be tagged andnothingofvaluewaslost.
In which case you're well beyond there.
Neither of those two have to spend any time in a federal PMITA prison. A couple of mil in fines or four years spending quality time with your cell-mate bubba, which do you prefer?
I don't think many of them end up doing it for the perks, however, but more for the competition and prestige. The perks draw you in, but the rest is what provides the drive to stay on top, like RNS did, for so many years.
Indeed. About 1.5 full lifetimes of full-time labor for the average person, or four years in prison: that is the question. Now if only we still had debtors' prison we could have 1.5 lifetime sentences in prison for stealing a couple CDs; that'd serve those filthy petty thieves right.
Thousands of songs with a $250,000 fine...that's less than $250 per song.... where were these lawyers for the Thomas and Tannenbaum trials?
++. Not that J & J were OK, but the scope is far from same.
Willfully harming someone else's business is firebombing their store front. They're hurting the music industry in the same way as the old lady who grows vegetables in her backyard to sell at the market is hurting farmers. (same concept, just a matter of degree)
(query: what would have happened to human civilisation if every improvement in crop yield or disease resistance was copyrighted/patented? Think about it.)
This comment was edited by 0bliv!on on September 11, 2009 02:54
No, I didn't forget the jail time. I'm talking about the supposed value of the songs themselves. Jammie Thomas got find 80k per song, and these guys got less than $250 per song. I thought the miminum was $750?
Hate to be on the other side, but J and J were civil cases, ie. the fines were to "compensate" the music industry (and ostensibly *not* punitive in nature)
Here, the fines are meant as a punishment, and dont include any compensatory element (which would have to be settled in a civil court, in a civil suit).
The lines are blurred though, since I dont think anyone can say that the damages awards in J or J were devoid of *any* punitive element, and that punitive element probably dwarfs the monetary fine here (which still doesnt take into account the jail time...)
Anyways, I doubt they'll be locked up for any significant amount of time (at all) for such a non-violent/non-heinous/etc crime, copyright infringement is akin to white-collar crime, and not nearly as bad (imho), so I'm curious to see what punishment is actually meted out, and if it's only a monetary fine, then how much that is.
Seriously? You see no harm in a bunch of jackasses putting material out for free BEFORE it's even been released? What world do you live in where this isn't intent to harm someone's business?
I think I might like to visit.
In the case of the old lady, she's starting with original seeds and putting in the time and labor to create something new to sell. Piracy isn't about creating something new. It's about copying the work of others and distributing it sometimes free, sometimes for a lower cost, while returning anecdotal benefits back to the original creator.
How do you do that? With zero original insight, content or argument, you just flipped the whole thing around and restated it.
Sure there's harm. Just like how the old lady is giving to the public even before the honest, hardworking farmers have had a chance to ship their produce to the USA, and now the public won't buy from the farmers because they already got their produce from the old lady. Even worse, the old lady is giving away her produce at BELOW COST! No hardworking farmer who needs to make a living can compete with that!
Don't discount the millenia of effort put into selective breeding to make those seeds what they are! Without those quadrillions of man-hours put in by honest farmers, the old lady wouldn't have those seeds to begin with. And she doesn't really grow them, put them outside in a plot in a temperate climate, and choose produce which are hardy, and they'll grow themselves. Kind of like how once you right-click and copy something, the computer does the work for you. Sure, she has to invest in the seeds, the dirt, and the plot of land, but these people had to buy a computer, social engineer the original out of someone, and then rip AND distribute it.
It's like if the old lady not only grew the vegetables, but also washed, cut, and bagged them for you.
[ok, seriously, none of you noticed that what I typed was tongue-in-cheek, hyperbole, exaggeration, or in any way intended to be humorous?]
Also, none of you addressed my second point. /facepalm.
She has rights to do that, her vegetables are the fruit of her labor, they are her property. The pirate has no recognized legal rights to copy or distribute someone else's IP.
How would someone be expected to do that, given your attitude about it.
What is the point of debating historical "what ifs?" IP laws have evolved as a reaction to changes in reproduction and distribution technologies over time. It's fruitless to pretend otherwise.
The irony of piracy being built upon the misapplication of the fruits of IP shouldn't be lost on anyone.
I could gut your family pet in front of your children while they screamed for me to stop...
Or gouge out your eyes...
Which do you prefer?
These guys are what copyright law was meant for, not some single mother downloading songs. Get more of them.
I'd lose the pet? Very, very obviously?
I can buy a new dog. I can't buy new eyes.
When it comes to piracy for profit and these pre release cases i used to think; yeah, throw the book at them, but now... i think, its sad they got caught, these were the guys actually hurting the monster and should be encouraged.
To the rest of you pre-release dudes out there, stay safe bro... stay safe.
Sorry; no sympathy for either group of wanking infringers. throw the book at all of them. Infringement is theft, in spite of what the freetards say.
ROFL
Exactly. And after four years, I can live more. I can't make more than 1.5 lifetimes worth of money.
Obl!vion didn't say anything about malice, but I think that we can assume that she's gleeful about 'taking dollars out of farmers' pockets' if it matters. It's clear that she's harming someone else's business, the same was that an alternate supplier of anything harms the business of the original supplier.
The only significant differences between the two cases I can see are:
1. There's a fair bit more manual labor involved in growing tomatoes than ripping and distributing music files. There is labor involved in both.
2. In the tomatoes case, the lady might not have violated any laws (though the farmers sued by Monsanto because their fields had some of Monsanto's 'IP' in them, in the form of wind-blown seeds, provide a counter-example), while the distributors have clearly violated laws.
It's only intellectually dishonest if there is no honest attitude about copyrights besides yours.
Why do we care whether or not the lady broke any laws? She's clearly benefitting from someone else's labor, clearly harming that person's business (and maliciously, if we want to add that in for good measure), and equally clearly not asking anyone's permission to use their 'property' (which they gave away in the 'product' in precisely the same way that a copyright holder gives away their 'property' in the product).
If ruddy's position is a moral one, I don't see the significant difference between the cases. If it's a legal one, then sure there's a significant difference, but I'm not sure why our laws should be this way rather than some other way.
Remember when I wrote about how nice it would be if someone would provide an explanation of what characteristics of 'IP' give rise to the various laws governing it, and a justification for why those laws should be different from the laws governing other property based on those different characteristics? This hypothetical example shows clearly why such a project is valuable, I think.
You must login or create an account to comment. calendar quarter, as provided in the Indenture, dated as of September 10, 1999, between Textron and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, as supplemented by the Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 5, 2009 (the “Indenture”).
The Notes will be convertible because Textron’s common stock price exceeded the conversion threshold price of $17.06 per share (130 percent of the applicable conversion price of $13.125 per share) for at least 20 trading days during the 30 consecutive trading days ending.
The Company may deliver shares of common stock, cash or a combination of cash and shares of common stock in satisfaction of its obligations upon conversion of the Notes.
Holders of Notes may obtain further information on how to convert their Notes by contacting the conversion agent at the following address:
Bank of New York Mellon Corporation
Corporate Trust Operations
Reorganization Unit
101 Barclay Street - 7 East
New York, N.Y. 10286
Attn: Ms. Diane Amoroso.Now.”
Pseudo-Philo, Liber Antiquitatum Biblicarum 31.7
Oh yeah. That’s funnier than one would think an ancient pseudepigraphon should be. “That’s right! Tell your daddy in hell that a chick did you in!”
Jael, of course, rocks.
It’s like an episode of Xena: Warrior Princess!
Complete with the sassy comments!
And without the lame blonde, thankfully.
Is this an original translation? And can I post this to the wikipedia article on Jael?
Hi Ryan! No, it’s not original. It’s from the translation of Pseudo-Philo’s Liber Antiquitatum Biblicarum included in Charlesworth’s Old Testament Pseudepigrapha, in volume 2. I’ll look up the details for you later.
Great! I have volume 1. I found it at a used book store. I am thinking seriously about buying volume 2 from Amazon.
I’d definitely recommend it. There’s some really good stuff in volume 2 that you don’t want to be missing. I’ll bet you could find a used copy at AddAll for cheaper than at Amazon, too. That’s usually the case.
I’m working on two reference books as companions to the OTP volumes. One is a complete Scriptural/etc/citation index, since one was not included, and the only one published lists only the refs to Protestant “canonical” books. The other is a concordance to the translations. I’m almost done with the first and about to start on the concordance. I’ve been checking every reference. I’m up to nearly 40 handwritten pages of a list of corrections to citations alone. I’ll be able to get alot done over the coming holidays, thankfully.Marquette County Historical Society
The purpose of the Marquette County Historical Society is to preserve, record and maintain the historical information and artifacts of Marquette County. The Society promotes the awareness of the area's historical culture to develop an understanding of and pride in our past, it’s importance in the present and it’s impact on the future.
Located on the banks of the Westfield Millpond, the grounds include the Cochrane-Nelson Home, the Kerst Exhibit Building, the Henry Ellis railroad section house and a gazebo.
The Society welcomes visitors every Wednesday afternoon between 1 and 4 pm or at other times by appointment.
Visit the Marquette County Historical Society at 125 Lawrence Street in Westfield, Wisconsin.
The Society Cochrane-Nelson House Kerst Exhibit Building Exhibitions & Artifacts Archives & Research Publications Contact Us Scholarship Newsletterfree Naughty Webcam Chat
Join Naughty Webcam Free Chat in One Easy Step!
If you’re looking for a good time online, come check us out at Free Naughty Webcam Chat where all of the fine singles who are up for some chat now. Forget those other lame sites where your chat is drab - here you can chat by keyboard, cams, or webcams and all at no cost. Now you can check these men and women out right from the comfort of your own home! Get started in our chat rooms now and see who is out there waiting to learn more about you. Free Naughty Webcam Chat is all free so come check out all of our hot singles now!
Good news from Naughty Webcam Free Chat - you no longer have to put up with the meet market in your city. Now it’s quick to connect with others who share your interests and who are hoping to hit it off with someone with some sexy chat. Getting going is easy and you’ll be amazed by how soon you’ll be enjoying all of the hot people here!
You can connect with men and women in a different number of ways - one on one, in a small group, or in the most popular forums. Regardless of whether you have you been looking for your dream mate, you’ll soon have more hot friends than you ever dreamed! At Naughty Webcam Free Chat you’ll find people who come from all over the United States and that want to meet with you.
And if you hit it off with someone at Free Naughty Webcam Chat you’d like to try and spark things up with, you can opt for a more personal connection via cams or webcams to chat. It’s your decision to make things as spicy as you’d need! If you’re ready to start getting to know all of these cool people for fun times and romance, we can put you in touch with them right now in our chat pages!Waterloo Bar & Grill
+44 20 7960 0202
Neighborhood: Southwark/ Waterloo
Overview
THe Waterloo Brasserie serves classic French dishes for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Conveniently window-lined walls looking out to the theater and the richly colored interior with signature orange leather stools and tall dark tables reflects warmth and gives a contemporary finish. Meanwhile most attention grabbing is a 200-bin exposed working wine cellar. Guests are allowed to return to their tables after a theater show for their desserts! Truly perfect for a relaxing theater day.
- Open Hours: Monday to Sunday from 10:00 AM to 03:00 PM, Monday to Sunday from 05:00 PM to 11:00 PM
- Type: Cocktail Bars, Wine Bars
- Accept Credit Card: visa, mastercard
- Nearest Train: Waterloo, Southwark
Fire Station (The)
0.0 mi
Cut Bar (The)
0.1 mi
White Hart (The)
0.1 mi
Old Vic Theatre (The)
0.1 mi
See All London Nightlife »
Write a ReviewSign in2000-02-05 Pichit Chor Siriwat w pts 12 Sang-Ik Yang, Mall Department Store, Bangkok, Thailand - WBA
From Barry Hugman's History of Championship Boxing, Siriwat had too much of everything for the challenger to overcome.
Siriwat forfeited the WBA version of the title in July 2000 for failing to meet Rosendo Alvarez within the given time frame.Recently, I asked folks in my social networks about their favorite productivity tools and apps. Instead of mentioning mine, I decided to go with this post, which I’ve been meaning to write for some time. I do not consider myself a productivity expert, but I do like working hard and smart at the same time.
So how do I get things done? Here are my primary productivity tools and apps, meaning I use these on a daily basis. Note: there are others I’m exploring, and this list is
likely to will change in the future. However, here’s the list as it stands at this moment.
Tools & Apps I Use on a Daily Basis
Dropbox – I started using Dropbox several years ago and have loved the ability to share files with dozens of people. I have used it in various ways, from working with teams, to sharing images from mission trips, to providing public folders for folks interested in my research and writing. Most recently, I decided to make Dropbox my primary file storage and management center, meaning I now save very little (if anything) on my laptop anymore. By saving everything to my Dropbox, I can access the files from my iPad and iPhone at any time. Lastly, I use Dropbox to back up photos from my D-SLR as well as iPhone, providing a centralized storage place for all my images.
Basecamp – The majority of my work is decentralized, so collaboration is key. The best collaboration tool I’ve used is Basecamp, which allows me to manage 10 projects at a time (I currently manage six). I get a daily briefing on all activity, and Basecamp centralizes discussion threads, task lists (with delegation assignments and deadlines), file uploading, and project scheduling. I’ve used Basecamp for everything including launching a website to planning conferences to starting group blogs to organizing mission trips. AND, most recently, Basecamp launched their own iOS app, bringing all this collaboration goodness to the iPhone and iPad.
EAHelp – I have the privilege of having a “virtual assistant” working alongside me for almost a year. I lead two startups and serve as a pastor of a local church. Last year, I realized the work that only I could do, I didn’t have time to do, and the work I was doing, I could train someone else to do it. I took Michael Hyatt’s advice and got a virtual assistant. Colleen is a phenomenal help. She does everything from managing email, scheduling appointments, planning trips, assisting in research, following up with correspondence, processing documents, moderating comments on blogs, building social media accounts, etc. To say that she’s been a huge help would be an understatement. Needless to say, I’m a big fan of EAHelp and virtual assistants.
iThoughtsHD – I don’t know if it is because I’m a visual guy, or that my brain needs an outlet, but mind mapping has been perhaps the greatest creative outlet I’ve experienced. If I can’t have a 8 foot whiteboard with me everywhere I go, the next best thing is to have a mind map app, and the best app by far is iThoughtsHD. Very easy to use and quite powerful, I usually end up mindmapping some facet of ministry or mission on a daily basis. The maps can be converted and shared in numerous ways, including Dropbox, email, and social networks. I use iThoughtsHD for sermon construction, task management, project development, and a host of other ways. It is where inspiration meets perspiration and vision moves from 30,000 feet to my hands and feet.
TextEdit – I know this may be a surprise to some, but I use TextEdit all the time, if not more than Word or Pages. This is because I need a clean, lightweight tool for taking down quick notes, making lists, and keeping up with information more than a post-it note but less than a detailed document. Moreover, I use TextEdit for plain-text editing which is critical for populating content online. We have all seen online content jacked up due to proprietary code incompatible with other platforms. Having a plain-text editor is essential for online content, and because I’m a Mac user, I go with TextEdit.
iAnnotatePDF – This is another iOS app that I love. Since I’ve gone virtually paperless, I need a way to mark up documents, and iAnnotatePDF is a great tool to do that. I am capable of highlighting, underlinging, writing over, making captions, inserting typed text, and about anything you want to a document with this app. I especially like the ability to sign digital documents with a stylus and send via email. What used to take several steps I can do in a matter of a few minutes. iAnnotatePDF also syncs with Dropbox, allowing you to access all files there and allows you to edit other formats (Word docs, Pages, etc.), not just PDF’s. Bottom line: if you need/want to mark up digital documents, this is the app to use.
Feedly – Because Google Reader is shutting down, I had to make a switch for my RSS aggregator, and based on online consensus, I went with Feedly. I am relatively new to Feedly, but I have customized my categories to get the news and blogs I need with efficiency. You can spend hours browsing the Internet and burn a lot of time, or you can target your reading and get the sites to feed to you. Feedly is a clean, customizable RSS reader that meets all my needs for aggregation and works nicely across all my iOS devices.
Fantastical – This is a little misleading, because I really use Google Calendar as my primary scheduling manager, but since I’m on the go so much, I really need my calendar management to be on my phone. Fantastical is the calendar app that iCal should have been. It’s great, and I have six calendars synced into it with ease. I can view appointments or activities in various formats (day, week, month) and stay up-to-date with future plans as well. I do use iCal and Google Calendar, but these calendars really feed into Fantastical in, well, a fantastic way.
Photoshop – I am not a PS whiz. In fact, I would venture to say I probably can do less than 10% of what Photoshop is capable of doing. However, I do love photography, and I do need the capability of editing images quickly for upload on the Internet, especially for my blogs. I have other photography tools for editing images, but at the end of the day, Photoshop is the way to go. By the way, there is a Photoshop version for iOS and Android devicies as well.
ESV Bible Online – I know, I know. Why am I not giving props to Accordance or Logos Bible Programs? What I am about to say here is more about me than the Bible programs, but I am rather simple and need a simple tool to access Scripture online, do basic searches (concordance style), and past texts into documents and sermon manuscripts. The ESV Online Bible recently announced a major upgrade, and the developers are actively working to make it better. I bought the Greek/Hebrew add-on, as well as the Study Bible notes, which has been a nice feature. Again, I’m simple here, and as much as I would like to be more proficient in high-powered Bible programs, ESV Online Bible does it for me.
Evernote – I jumped onto the Evernote bandwagon three years ago, but I never really integrated it into my workflow until recently. I, along with my assistant, are working through a lengthy Evernote Essentials e-book that is proving to be a great help to integrating Evernote deeply into my productivity habits. And given that it works across all platforms, that almost every app is somehow connected to it, and that I am dedicated to working paperless, Evernote is a no brainer (even though I have neglected it for so long). Seriously, if you want quick access to your notes and be able to integrate your work on other apps to a central hub, then Evernote is the base station for digital productivity.
Google Hangout – Over the past year, I have gone through a myriad of video conferencing options, including GoToMeeting, Facetime, Skype, TinyChat, ooVoo, and Google Hangout. I have landed on Google Hangout because it seems to be reliable and stable (a must for video chats), and it has several features I really like, including the integration of screen sharing, Google Drive, and embedding video chats on YouTube. When I’m mobile, I still use Skype, but given that I use Google apps so much (chat, GMail, Drive, calendar, etc.), Google Hangout has become my default video conference, and a nice compliment to my online communication strategy with regards to micro communication and group collaboration.
Kindle – I have a Kindle but don’t really use it anymore. Instead, I’ve opted for the Kindle App for the iPad. Since I’m already using the iPad for just about every other aspect of my workflow, I figured it made sense. Over the past two years, I’ve moved 80% of my reading to the Kindle, and the nice thing about it is I can share important excerpts of what I’m reading with those on my social networks as well as those who are following my Kindle feed. With all the great deals going on for e-books these days, it is crazy not to get the Kindle app for your iPad. Whether it is devotional reading, personal development, or reading for ministry purposes, the Kindle app has been a great asset for productive self-feeding.
So there’s my daily apps. If I can summarize them by their primary purpose it would look like this:
Dropbox: File Management/Storage
Basecamp: Online Collaboration & Project Management
EAHelp: Administrative Assistance
iThoughtsHD: Process Development
TextEdit: Note Taking & Plain Text Editor
iAnnotatePDF: Digital File Markup & Signing
Feedly: Site Aggregation & Curation/Bookmarking
Fantastical: Centralized Mobile Calendaring
Photoshop: Photo Editing
ESV Online Bible: Bible Reference
Evernote: Digital Hub & Centralized Note Clipping
Google Hangout: Video Conferencing
Kindle: Book Reading
In a follow up post, I will post another dozen additional tools/apps that I use on a regular basis, but not daily or in a primary manner.
What does your list look like? Are there apps or tools I’m not utilizing that you think would be helpful in my workflow on a regular basis? Do share!
Other Related Articles to Check Out:
» Developing a Communication Strategy Online and Offline
» Mind Mapping and Sermon Development
» Sentence Diagramming with iAnnotatePDF
Pingback: My Productivity Tools and Apps [Part 2] | Tim Brister()
Pingback: Working with My Virtual Assistant | Tim Brister()
Pingback: My Productivity Tools and Apps [Part 1] | Tim Brister | InKleined-To-Teach()Call of Duty franchise passes $3 billion
Activision's "greatest" shooter series has now sold over 55 million units worldwide
Activision Blizzard
Headquartered in Santa Monica, California, Activision Blizzard, Inc. is a worldwide pure-play online...
Stellar sales of Modern Warfare 2 have helped Activision to nudge its Call of Duty franchise through the USD 3 billion revenues mark, the publisher has announced.
According to a statement released today, the six titles in the series have now sold over 55 million units between them, with the latest instalment smashing entertainment launch records and taking USD 550 million in its first five days on sale.
The data, based on estimates from The NPD Group, GfK Chart-Track and internal information has made it one of the "greatest entertainment franchises of all time," said Activision Blizzard CEO Robert Kotick.
"If you consider the number of hours our audiences are engaged in playing Call of Duty games, it is likely to be one of the most viewed of all entertainment experiences in modern history,"I’ve been working on installing the newly released GP 2010 R2 in a “sandbox” environment. I ran in to an issue performing the upgrade and thought I’d share it in case it helps anyone else.
I had the GP 2010 client installed on the same machine I was installing R2 on. Rather than creating a new DSN at install time, I simply renamed the existing DSN used for GP 2010 and moved on to GP Utilities.
However, the upgrade kept crashing at the “syExcelReports” step. The crash report indicated an issue with sqlncli.exe.
After trying a few other things, I finally thought about what the sqlncli.exe message might mean. Going in to the DSN setup (c:\windows\syswow64\odbcad32.exe on my 64-bit machine), I noticed that the original GP 2010 DSN I used was using an old version of the SQL Client.
I created a new DSN using the SQL Native Client 10.0 driver, re-ran the upgrade using that DSN, and voila! Upgrade completed. I hope this tip saves someone else some time and frustration as they work through their install/upgrade of GP2010 R2.
Aaron, Thanks for the update. I am sure it’s helpful to all…
[...] Comments 0 Aaron Berquist solved a little issue with the GP 2010 R2 upgrade and wants to share the solution in Troubleshooting Upgrade to GP 2010 R2. [...]
I was running the upgrade from GP 10 SP5 to GP 2010 R2 and receiving this exact error. I used the 32bit ODBC Admin on my 64-bit machine and changed the driver from SQL Native Client to SQL Native Client 10.0 – viola the upgrade got past the syExcelReports step!!!
Thank you for this info.
Ed
Ed,
Thanks – I’m really happy to hear this tip helped you with your upgrade. Good luck with the rest of it.
Aaron
Thanks for your valuable tip. The upgrade document doesn’t mention any thing of this sort. Such a simple requirement, the GP Developers should have mentioned it somewhere. Then again, if they do, it will make it easy and the product will not be anymore Great Pains – it will be Great Plains.
If I had to guess, the folks writing the guide may have expected most people to create the data source using the wizard during the installation.
That said, I find MORE technical details in an install manual to be better than LESS, so perhaps if anyone from GP support reads this thread they will improve that item for next time.
Thanks Aaron – I was struggling with this same error for a while until coming across this post!
OMG, this post just saved my a$$! upgraded DSn to newer driver, worked like a charm!
Same here I will add this post just saved my a@@!!!!
I’m really glad to hear that this tip was able to help you all!
Thanks,
Aaron
Just wanted to say thanks. Helped a lot.
That was very helpful. We ran into the same issue and this resolved it.
Thanks again.
Exact solution for my problem. Thanks.
I had read this post earlier, but somehow forgot to check my DSN when I ran GP2013 upgrade a while ago. Got stuck miserably on this error.
Thanks for this post. It’s could probably become the most viewed post on your blog.
Vaidy
[...] crashed. Without spending anymore time, I just went and checked my ODBC DSN setup, as explained by Aaron Berquist on his blog High Dynamics Range. Expectedly, the ODBC DSN driver was not pointing to SQL Server Native Client [...]Nathan James Adkins
CHANDLERVILLE- Nathan James Adkins, 25, of Chandlerville, passed away at 3:52 p.m. on Wednesday, February 13, 2013. He was born June 2, 1987 in Springfield, IL to Rocky and Jill (Morris) Adkins.
Nathan is survived by his father, Rocky Adkins of Chandlerville and Jill Adkins Zeeck of Havana, one brother, Taylor Adkins of Chandlerville, one step-brother Andy Wright of Columbia, Missouri, step-mother Becky Adkins, step-father Brent Zeeck, maternal grandparents, Donald and Charlotte Morris of Yorkville, IL and paternal grandmother, Catherine Adkins of Honolulu, Hawaii. Also surviving are two aunts, Sara Klaus of Yorkville, IL, Nancy Adkins of Chandlerville, two uncles, David Morris of Crystal Lake, IL and Michael Morris of Princeton, IL as well as many cousins. He was preceded in death by his grandfather, Oakleigh "Stony" Adkins, Jr. and one aunt, Debbie Adkins.
Nathan was a member of the Havana United Methodist Church and the American Simmental Association.
Funeral services will be held on Sunday, February 17, 2013 at 2:00 p.m. at the 1st United Methodist Church in Havana. Visitation will be held from 3:00 until 6:00 p.m. on Saturday, February 16, 2013 at Hurley Funeral Home in Havana. Burial will follow the services at Bethel Cemetery. Rev. Sidney Davis will officiate.
Memorial contributions may be made to his church. Online memorial messages may be left for the family at.
Hurley Funeral Home in Havana is in charge of arrangements.United States & Canada Customers: Call 1-800-813-6897
Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
International Customers: Call 1-512-837-4810
Available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. English language only.
The Snake Eyes 695LZ Chrome Wedge Head design provides golfers with a classic shape with modern attributes. Cut with USGA conforming grooves and functional turf-tested sole geometry, these wedges are sure to provide confidence in the short game arena. The Laser Engraved face has additional lines milled across the face parallel with the grooves to provide more surface friction.
350 SL Wedge Set 52/56/60
Snake Eyes
CLUBMAKER$18.99
CLUBMAKER
Shafting Epoxy-1/2 Pint Black FE$9.99
GOLF PRIDE
Tour Wrap 2G Midsize Grip (+1/16")$5.49
GOLFSMITH$2.99
GOLFSMITH
.335 Black Wood Ferrule Dozen$2.49
UNDER ARMOUR
Men's Amplify Thermal Crew
GOLFSMITH
Deluxe Scoreline Regrooving Tool
GOLFSMITH
Universal .600" 5" Shaft Extender (PKG Of 6)$15.99
CLUBMAKER$1.99
MACGREGOR
M6T .335 Graphite Wood shaft$3.96Quoth my boss: Guru Labs is a 10+ year old, stable, profitable, 100% employee owned and growing Utah Linux training company. We have purchased a new office building in Centerville that we will be occupying at end of this month and are expanding our operations. We are looking to fill 2 positions. Job title: Guru (Linux Instructor) Location: Centerville, UT with some travel required Type: Full-time position with benefits (health, 401K) Salary: Competitive negotiable depending on experience Description: You would be joining an extremely talented team of Linux enthusiasts. Core job responsibilities include teaching Linux classes locally, online, and onsite at customer locations as well as developing and updating Linux course materials. Send resumes (PDF format preferred) and inquiries to hr at gurulabs.com -- Stuart Jansen <sjansen at gurulabs.com>Previous page
CSI: Miami - Season 10 (DVD)
Watch Trailer
- Synopsis
- In its tenth and final adrenaline-packed season, Horatio Caine and company continue to face off with the... more »
- Rating
- MA15+
- Release
- 16/10/13
- Genres
- Crime/Mystery, TV Series
- Actors
- David Caruso
- Director
- Various
- Format
- DVD-Video
$39.98 Was: $49.97. You save: 20%!
Boxset
Expected to ship within 7-10 days
Description
In its tenth and final adrenaline-packed season, Horatio Caine and company continue to face off with the citys most vicious and notorious criminals but when one of the CSI's biggest enemies is murdered, Horatio must determine which of his team members is a suspect.
Special Features
- A “Tripp” to the Set
- A Perfect Ten
- Audio Commentaries
- Deleted scenes
- Gag Reel
- The Miami Look
- Year of Release
- 2000
- Run Time (minutes)
- 788
- Language
- Audio Format
- Dolby Digital 5.1 - English
- Transfer Aspect Ratio
- 16:9
- Disc Packaging
- Box set
- DVD Region
- 4
- DVD 30days Sales Rank
- #2075
- Number of Discs
- 5
- Video Format
- PAL
» More infomation about shipping chargesPreaching for the choir Arts & Culture St. Paul, Minn. · Aug 11, 2006 Choir master Philip Brunelle talks about the state of vocal music and his latest project to find and perform American choral music from the Revolutionary War era to the present. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13.Non-profit director writes book about baseball
Michael Sudhalter
msudhalter@fortbendstar.com
For some Houstonians, the Astros’ lone World Series appearance nine years ago seems like ancient history.
But Fort Bend County native and author Mike Vance, a Dulles High alum who now lives in Houston, decided to dig way deeper into the city’s baseball heritage.
Vance, 55, wrote “Houston Baseball: The Early Years, 1861-1961”, which debuted in April. It is available at Barnes & Nobles and on Amazon.com.
Vance is a member of the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR), and some of the members of the Houston chapter (officially named The Larry Dierker Chapter) helped with writing and research.
The book is Vance’s fourth, and he’s currently collaborating with John Lomax on a “Houston Murders Story,” a book about famous murders in the city, that will come out in October.
Vance said the 368-page baseball history book took three years to research and write. His previous books were on the Houston Oilers, a comedy trio band that he started and “Houston Sporting History: 1900-1950”
A former standup comedian, Vance has always been a big fan of baseball and history.
He wanted to tell the little-known stories of baseball before a Major League franchise arrived in 1962.
“There are a lot of stories about guys who were baseball heroes at the time,” Vance said.
The book highlights the Houston Buffaloes, a minor league franchise that existed during various stints from 1888 to 1961. The Buffs spent most of that time as a St. Louis Cardinals affiliate.
The book also briefly addresses that the Cardinals may have moved to Houston in the mid 1950s had they not been purchased by the Busch Family in St. Louis.
Vance wrote about the original ballparks in Houston and the popularity of Amateur Baseball in the region.
He also wrote about the African-American baseball experience during a time when the South was segregated.
As a member of the Harris County Historical Commission, Vance has worked to get historical markers for many of the original ballparks such as West End Park, located under what is now I-45 downtown.
Writing books is a part-time venture for Vance, who founded the non-profit Houston Arts and Media (houstonartsandmedia.org).
Houston Arts & Media puts together educational pieces about Texas History. Vance produces, writes and directs documentaries on a wide range of historical topics throughout the Lone Star State.
Short URL:Utilize Proven Trade Show Booth Ideas to Increase Results
Being an exhibitor at a trade show can be one of the most important moves your business makes. However, it’s also possible to spend a lot of money and walk away without getting the results you anticipated.
In order to ensure that you get the most bang for your buck at a trade show, you’ll need a solid promotional plan for attracting visitors to your trade show display booth.
By deploying strategies to maximize booth traffic, you’ll have greater opportunity to increase sales and achieve your show objectives.
Attracting crowds is a matter of leveraging the power of natural human curiosity. If you can get just a few people to stop and gather round, the small crowd will naturally attract more and more people until you’ve got a large audience.
This is the same phenomenon that brings traffic on a highway to a standstill for miles when a few cars slow down to gawk at even the smallest fender bender. With so much competition in the exhibition hall, you’ll need to devise a strategy that makes your trade show display booth stand out from the crowd.
Here are three trade show booth ideas that have helped companies drive crowds of potential customers to their booths, capture the attention of important industry contacts, and generate media buzz.
MONEY BLOWING MACHINE
The Money Blowing Machine is an attraction that consistently stops people in their tracks anywhere it makes an appearance. The money blowing machine looks a lot like a telephone booth – but with a lot more pizzazz.
It's not the booth that gets people to stop and stare, but the hilarity of what takes place inside it. Contestants who step inside have 20 seconds to grab at the hundreds of bills or coupon vouchers swirling around inside.
The spectacle is almost as much fun for everyone watching as it is for the person inside the money blowing machine.
Tips for attracting booth visitors with the Money Blowing Machine:
CUSTOMIZED PRIZE WHEEL
A Prize Wheel or Wheel of Chance is one of the most versatile, portable, and effective trade show booth ideas and event marketing tools.
The bright colors, sounds, and movement inherent of a Prize Wheel have a natural allure with crowds. The Prize Wheel can be used not only at trade shows, but also at outdoor events and in-store promotions.
There are hundreds of ways to incorporate the Prize Wheel into games, contests, and customer retention marketing events. With its low cost and high versatility, a Prize Wheel is one of the most cost-effective marketing tools that a company can own.
Tips for attracting visitors with the Prize Wheel:
PROMOTIONAL AD SPECIALTIES
Ad specialties and promotional items are standard trade show booth ideas at any event. Because every booth and competitor will typically be giving away promotional items, it is essential that your ad specialties stand out from the crowd.
Promotions expert Jonathan Edelman, president of Ideas4Now LLC, advises exhibitors to double the marketing power of ad specialties by choose promotional items that will be useful to people while they are at the trade show. When you give away ad specialty items that fill an immediate need for trade show attendees, they are much more likely to stop by and take one or try to win one.
Following are ad specialties that work as powerful people magnets. For more ideas, click here for a free ideas catalog.
For more great trade show booth ideas designed to drive crowds to your exhibit area, visit Trade-Show-Attractions.com by clicking here: Trade Show Booth Ideas – Trade Show Exhibit Attractions – Event Marketing.Springfield, IL - United States
About Jane Bucci &
Little Rising Hawk by Jane Bucci
The Letter by Jane Bucci
Nightingale Girl by Jane Bucci
Of Earth and Sky by Jane Bucci
Leaving Jericho by Jane Bucci
Amarillo Rose by Jane Bucci
The New Shoes by Jane Bucci
Girl with Bird by Jane Bucci
FromEasternEuropeWithLove by Jane Bucci
The Lady Mae Bas Relief Miniature
Frequently Asked Questions
Beverly Hills, CA (United States)
Sign up for our newsletter for exclusive deals, discount codes, and more:
Server Status OK
0
0
0
0
0You are a fan of server(up server-list ? Come to discover the best forums server(up server-list on the internet and share your experience with a community fan of server(up server-list . You can also build a forum server(up server-list and create your online discussion.
Official forum for the private server: Eternity 751
eternity, official, forum, rsps, private, server
To keep up with our friends and family from Afterlife Harshlands server.
keep, with, friends, family, from, afterlife, harsh
Official Forum for TFC Bot Busters Revolution TFC Server!
busters, =bb=, revolution, team, fortress, server!
The awesome server created by Dutchy-0wnz!
The Guaranteed & Dedicated Official Forums of Minecraft Beta Server, Salt SMP.
salt, (minecraft), guaranteed, dedicated, official, forums, minecraft, beta, server
Free forum : We are a guild in Tera Online NA, currently residing on the Tempest Reach Server
touch, totem, tera, online, guild, residing, tempest,
ChaosCraft SMP 24/7 Minecraft Server
chaoscraft, 24/7, minecraft, serverJohn Lenthall was born in Washington, DC, in 1807. He learned the trade of ship carpenter at the Washington Navy Yard where his father, also named John Lenthall, was superintendent of shipwrights. Sometime thereafter (approximately 1827), Lenthall began working as an as sistant and draftsman to Samuel Humphreys. In this position, he was also exposed to the work of William Doughty who assumed the responsibilities of Chief Naval Constructor from 1813 to 1826, though he never formally held that title. Both Samuel Humphreys and William Doughty had been associated with the establishment of the Philadelphia Navy Yard in 1800-1801. Lenthall continued to perfect his drafting skills between 1826 and 1835. He entered the naval service on May 1, 1835, and was stationed at the Philadelphia Navy Yard. He was appointed Constructor at the Philadelphia Navy Yard in 1838 and held that post until 1849. From 1849 to 1853 he served as Chief Naval Constructor in Washington, D.C., and from 1853 until his retirement in 1871, he was Chief of the Bureau of Construction for the Navy Department. Lenthall died in 1882.
This collection consists of papers created by or retained by the shipbuilding firm of John Lenthall and Company of Philadelphia. Approximately two-thirds of the collection consists of lists of materials and bills of costs for the construction of specific ships. The remainder of the collection consists of lists of materials and bills of costs, and in some cases specifications, for many different types of vessels. Other types of material found in the collection are correspondence, usually letters of transmittal of technical documents, drawings of specific subassemblies of vessels, and written descriptions of vessels or subassemblies. The most extensively documented single ship in the collection is the razee USS Macedonian, including reports on the ship’s construction and handling under sail.
- Specifications
- Correspondence
- Schematic drawings
- ISm: John Lenthall collection
- Lenthall, JohnTEACHING AND LEARNING HIGHLIGHTS AT ACESE
We recently had a visit from the Lloyd Center, who shared the qualities of different types of animals with the students.
Mrs. Pereira’s Class
Our class has been busy preparing for MCAS testing. Students have been busy practicing different skills to help them answer questions correctly. They definitely put in their best effort and we are very proud of them.
Mr. Coderre’s Class
In Room 4 we are finishing up a science lesson on variables and the student are trying to design the best catapult with popsicle sticks testing our adjustments a long the way. We recently read a story in ELA on Amazing Ants and the cool adaptations animals have evolved over time. In our writing class we began writing letters to our Favorite Actors, Vin Diesel, and sports teams, New England Patriots. We hope to hear back soon. With the change of the weather we are hoping to enjoy outside and begin a plant growing project.
Ms. Bolton’s Art Class
In art class this past month students have been studying value and creating shading on flower drawings for a spring group mural project. Students also have made some puzzle piece posters and homemade play dough to give to students at another school for Autism Awareness month in April.
Mrs. Oehmen's Physical Education Class
It's a very exciting time in physical education. We just finished up our Health units and Spikeball. We will be moving into spring sports such as badminton and wiffleball. We are also participating in the Greater Fall River Fitness Challenge again this year. The students at both Stone and ACESE are designing their own fitness programs for other students to follow. Also, Stone will be participating in the Middle School Fitness night on May 27th at Durfee. Students will be able to compete against students from the other middle schools in Fall River in events associated with the Presidential Fitness Challenge.A piece of Milwaukee sports history was reassembled at the U.S. Cellular Arena last week. The infamous MECCA Floor was brought out of a twenty-five year storage by its owners of the past three years, the Koller Family, and was put on display at the downtown complex on Friday. The reshowing of the once “home-wood” of the Bucks and Marquette was more than just for spectators, however.
A $10 admission fee brought patrons into a discussion of the city's most current art scene debate. Representatives of the artistic community in Milwaukee were on-hand to push city officials to find a space to publicly display the highly regarded pop-piece permanently, using comparisons to the city's famous art museum and other progressive pieces as credit to its artful nature.
Commissioned in 1977, the MECCA floor sparked waves of heated controversy throughout the national and international sports and arts communities. Designed by artist Robert Indiana, Milwaukee natives were the first to be outraged by the piece, upset that its creator was not a local. Upon completion of the floor, taxpayers were further displeased with the near $30,000 price-tag; $112,000 in today's money.
Religious leaders complained of the openly gay Indiana creating the piece, basketball analysts found the bright-colors and comically-fonted lettering to be out-of-place on a basketball court, not to mention the golden-amber glow of the wood created by pigments on every inch of the surface. But, once revealed at the Milwaukee Arena in 1978, fans and players alike fell in love.
Gregory Koller was one of those fans to become obsessed with his pride in Milwaukee's MECCA floor. Owner of a local flooring company, the late Koller purchased the piece in an online auction in 2010. Ben Koller took over the ownership rights to the floor following his father's death, and continued the crusade to keep it out of storage by displaying it publicly.
Now 84, Indiana is also aiding that effort. The artist traveled from his secluded home off the coast of Maine to Milwaukee to attend the event at the U.S. Cellular Arena, praising the city for its acceptance of his talents and his then-controversial sexuality.Getting andam to 1pm on each of these Saturdays at the City Corporation Yard at 770 Jackson Street.
When a flood threat develops, the City provides sandbags free of charge. Typical locations for this operation are Memorial Stadium on Menlo Avenue off Jefferson Street, or in the parking lot north of the Factory Stores, adjacent to Westwood School on Freeway Drive. and:
1. Close-weave burlap bags are recommended for all sandbag construction.
2. Fold over the empty top of the bag in a triangle to keep sand from leaking.
3. Place each bag over the folded top of the preceding bag and stomp into place the next layer of bags.
4. Stagger the second layer of bags, stomping each bag into place before placing the next.
5.paved area, concrete can be placed in a shallow trench. CMP is then set in the concrete. plastic sheeting and sandbags are placed around the CMP. This method will prevent mud debris from entering the system and also act as a surge chamber.Q: I am among those people who let their roses get WAY too tall over the summer (actually I was not home). I inherited them with the house and don't know what type they are, although some grow so tall I wonder if they are climbers. There is lattice behind some of them. I recently cut back dead, weak and crossing canes and removed diseased foliage and sprayed with fungicide. What should I do to prepare them for winter?
A: Different roses take different kinds of pruning, and even then, not everyone agrees on what's the best way. I'll give you my thoughts...
First, it sounds like the really tall roses with the lattice are climbers. These are best pruned in mid to late winter.
I'd start by completely removing any canes that are older than 4 or 5 years. These will be the thickest. The "keepers" are canes that are slightly thicker than a pencil. Pick at least 4 or 5 of those and snip them back to about the height of the trellis.
You'll get best bloom by tying canes so they grow as horizontally as possible. A good way to do that is by tying in a fan shape. For example, select one cane and tie it up and then to the right low on the trellis. (Prune it shorter.) Then take a second cane and fasten it higher on the trellis before turning it over to the right. Then do the same to a third cane and the same on the left side of the trellis.
The last step is shortening the side shoots that come off of each of those canes to about 3 or 4 inches.
Right after the first main flush of blooms finishes, thin and shorten the plant again to encourage a second good bloom.
Hybrid tea, floribunda and grandiflora roses work best with a two-step pruning system. Sometime around mid-November, take about a third off the tops to lessen the chance of canes ripping off in windstorms or snapping in ice storms. Then just before new growth starts in spring, cut all shoots to the ground except for about 4 pencil-thick ones spaced evenly around the plant. Then cut those back to about 1 foot just above an outward-facing bud.
In season, cut these back at least down to the first five-leaf cluster right after the June bloom.
Shrub roses are a lot easier. You can just whack these down to ankle-high in early April with shears or loppers. Then prune off the spent flower clusters after the first main bloom in June.
For winter protection, I mound up a little extra mulch around the root zone and pull it back each spring. I also cut the branches on my Christmas tree and wrap those around the base of the roses for extra root insulation in early January. No winter spraying is needed.
I'd just clean up any fallen diseased leaves for now, add the mulch and start the spraying program again next spring.
Here's a link to a garden column I wrote on the pruning suggestions of three rose experts:. It's also got some how-to photos.Department of Mathematics/IAG, University of Magdeburg, Universitätsplatz 2, D-39106 Magdeburg, Germany, e-mail: bernulf.weissbach@mathematik.uni-magdeburg.de
Abstract: We construct sets in Euclidean spaces of dimension $d={4m-2\choose 2}$, where $m$ is a power of a prime, with the property that they can only be covered with a large number of sets having smaller diameter. Thereby we generalize a result of A.M. Raigorodskii and, in addition, we prove that there exists a counterexample to the so called "Borsuk-conjecture" already in dimension $34\choose 2}-1=560$.
Full text of the article:Klaus Schmidinger wrote: > Udo. Imho there is no need to add anything to the PES data format. In live mode PCR is required to synchronize the internal clock of the decoder to the master clock of the transmitter. In replay mode the clock of the decoder is running free, i.e. it is the master clock. No need for a PCR or something like? Does mplayer really play PES data 'as is'? Afaik it recodes data to MPEG-1.(?) Afaics it is a firmware/driver problem. It should be fixed there. Werner is currently working on a modified A/V sync code. We will see whether is improves things. Please be patient. Oliver -- -------------------------------------------------------- VDR Remote Plugin 0.3.8 available at --------------------------------------------------------Nothing says football season like the non-binding depth charts teams are required to release when preseason games approach. Up first in six days against the Giants for the Hall of Fame game, the Bills have issued the first depth chart of 2014.
To no surprise whatsoever, receiver Sammy Watkins is listed as a starter, across from Robert Woods. Mike Williams, who reportedly struggled in the offseason, appears as the understudy to Woods. Watkins also shows up as the No. 3 kickoff returner, behind Marquise Goodwin and T.J. Graham.
With left tackle Cordy Glenn still unavailable due to a still-undisclosed illness, rookie Seantrel Henderson is the de facto starter at the fairly important position. Henderson, who fell to round seven due in part to off-field issues, could end up being a steal, if he can stay on the right path.
In a bit of a surprise, newcomer Bryce Brown appears as the fourth-string tailback, behind C.J. Spiller, Fred Jackson, and Anthony Dixon.
On defense, Nigel Bradham appears as the starter in Kiko Alonso’s spot at weakside linebacker. Alonso will miss the entire season with a torn ACL suffered during offseason workouts.
With five preseason games, the depth chart could change a lot before Week One. But it’s the only tangible hierarchy of any NFL team at this point of the season.
Bills are a QB and a secondary away from being a 12 win team
The secondary is fine and is somewhere in the middle of the league talent wise. QB is the issue and will always be the issue for teams that struggle. I don’t think E.J. is the answer but I hope he is.
Buffalo looks like they finally might be a playoff contender after thanksgiving this year…..whether or not they make it depends on development of their qb Manuel
Sammy Watkins is a very talented WR, but I wouldn’t be surprised if other rookie WRs such as Brandin Cooks and Jordan Matthews outperform him during the upcoming season. Playing with Drew Brees will undoubtedly make Cooks very dangerous, a homerun threat on any given play. As for Matthews, he possesses a very formidable combination of size, strength, and speed. He can jump, he catches everything, and he’s someone who imposes his will on defenders while blocking downfield for the run game. The Eagles haven’t had a WR this big and this talented overall since Terrell Owens.
Might be less than that…. Secondary’s going to surprise a lot of people….very deep at corner…and if teams gave up on struggling 1st season QB’s the hall of fame would be awfully small… There’d be no Manning either of them, Young, Brady, etc….not saying EJ will be Peyton, but how do you GM’s know a bust after 10 games??….where he played pretty damn well for only having 3 good OL-men….and a 1st yr head coach, system…10 games??? Really…
we don’t want to rely on mike Williams, hopefully Henderson pans out like everyone is saying, freddy is well freddy (pencil him in for 1k yards) that dude just doesn’t age, and we got a track meet at WR. its all about EJ and his development, like to see around 3800 yards 27-12 td/int but see a improvement in decision making and health, play all 16 games! if that happens fighting NE for division and around 10 wins…
Cooks and Matthews aren’t even in the same stadium with Watkins just youtube the orange bowl the guy almost by himself beat Ohio State
The Rams will regret not drafting Watkins, but they could not fill all their needs this year. Good luck to the Bills vs. the hated Patriots.
Left Tackle is just “fairly important?”
The Jags have Bortles and the fans have been guaranteed that he will be a franchise QB. So take that Buffalo with your stinking WR!
That’s a solid roster.
Glenn will be back and he played well at LT last season..I like that Henderson is getting reps and playing time. He’s got a ton of talent. If he can get past his college issues he can be a big steal. I’m glad Watkins is getting all the pub. I think Woods can have a good season he played well as a rookie and if EJ plays well he’s gonna be a big part of it. Even without Byrd and Alonso the D is still strong and has an underrated defensive backfield. If Gilmore can stay healthy he will be the #1 with McKelvin and a lot of depth behind them.
GO BILLS!!
The Secondary was one of the best last year if you go off stats. We will miss Byrd but he’s not 9 Mil better than the people we had behind him. That is not the position i would break the bank for. Aaron will make a name for him self. I can’t wait to see what he does with out three pro bowlers playing infront of him. As for EJ all we need him to do is win and we have a team that will keep it close enough for us to that. EJ is a winner, look at his stats four bowl games won, Senior Bowl MVP, he brought FSU back to relevancy and he will the same for the Bills
I am fired up and ready for some football finally even if it is the Hall of Fame Game!!! GO BILLS
offense should look very fast, but still need to see step forward from EJ
also that defense took a huge blow losing Kiko
Agree, Manuel could win games with a heavily stacked team, but he’s never going to be the guy imo. He reminds me of how Jacksonville had to win despite Byron Leftwich when they went 12-4 that season. Guy’s got all the tools but just can’t put it all together. Way too cautious, which is why he doesn’t throw a ton of interceptions, but also is the reason he doesn’t get a lot of big plays either, and he’s never been good at anticipation throwing. But I am rooting for him as a former FSU player.
2 easy wins for the Pats.
Hey Flirio, you see the number on my jersey that’s how many TD’s I’ll have as a rookie I’m going to take this league by storm.Oh yeah FYI I didn’t come to NFL to go play in Canada ahh.
It doesn’t matter because BJ is still their QB.
Watched a lot of Bills practice footage on their web site, and Manuel throws a lot of wobbly ducks. He doesn’t seem to throw many tight spirals or “spin” the ball, as coaches like to say. I’m as concerned about this guy as any Bills fan should be.
Considering that they gave up two high first round picks for him, he should be listed as the starter at both WR spots.
patsarethegoat says:
Jul 28, 2014 7:28 PM
Bills are a QB and a secondary away from being a 12 win team
=================
Yeah, what’s up with that secondary? You look at the defensive depth chart, and everything looks solid until you look at the secondary. One has to wonder how they have such an eye for talent for 2/3rds of their defense, and then grossly fail at the remaining third.
Good luck going against Tillman, Jennings and Fuller. You will be pound into into the NFL Rookie.
Bears win 38-10 against the Bills in week one, book it!
You fools…the secondary has 2 top-10 picks, a Super Bowl champion and last years too rated slot CB in Robey.
Also, when will you idiots stop saying they gave up two first round picks for Watkins?
Yep. Sorry man, Bryce Brown is a long way from replacing Fred Jackson on the depth chart.
Maybe he can move up to #2 after they trade CJ. That assumes he can beat out Anthony “Neat Feet” Dixon.
Bryce Brown is only #4 because Dixon is specifically a 3rd down/goal line back that we didn’t have last year. They weren’t going to put him ahead of Fred who is the go-to yet may not be able to carry all the reps at his age, and CJ is CJ. I bet we see multiple games where all 4 of our RBs touch the ball. Go Bills!
The Bills are going to run a lot again this year since Manuel cannot carry them. 3800 yds and 27 TDs seems comical. 3200 yds and 20 TDs seems more realistic. That’s actually more than I’m expecting out of him if (Big If) he could stay healthy. Also the defense has to learn how to tackle a RB. That’s why the Bills pass defense looked good stat wise last year.superflippy's Journal: locations of criminals
Journal by superflippy
It's been a while since I've posted things I've found in our web site server logs, but this was one search term I just had to comment on.
Can't you just picture some guy saying, "There's too much crime around here! Why aren't the police doing anything about it? They need to round up all the criminals and put them in jail." And he's going to help them do it, by using Google to find the "locations of criminals".
Sorry, but our web site isn't going to be much help in that endeavor.
locations of criminals More Login
locations of criminalsRecensione
From the book reviews:
“The book is organized so that it may be viewed as a collection of eight lectures. I think this is a good way to approach the book. … the book does a nice job of delivering on its main objectives and I recommend it to anyone who desires to know more about the practice and the potential of business analytics.” (Mark A. McComb, Technometrics, Vol. 54 (4), November, 2012)
Dalla quarta di copertina:
· To excite managers and decision makers about the potential that resides in data and the value that data analytics can add to business processes.
· To provide managers with a basic understanding of the main concepts of data analytics and a common language to convey data-driven decision problems so they can better communicate with personnel specializing in data mining or statistics.Phase II Trial Success For Diurnal
Fusion IP plc (AIM: FIP), the university commercialisation company that turns world-class research into business, is pleased to announce that its portfolio company, Diurnal, a spin-out from the University of Sheffield, has successfully completed the pharmacokinetic part of its Phase 2 CATCH (Chronocort®®. The full read-out of the CATCH study is expected during Q1, 2014.
Chronocort® CATCH trial is a Phase 2 study in patients suffering from Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia and is being run by the National Institute of Health (NIH), Maryland, US under a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA).
Chronocort® has already received two related Orphan Drug designations from the European Medicines Agency, which afford ten years of market exclusivity after the grant of marketing authorisation in Europe.
Fusion’s shareholding in Diurnal is 43.42%.
Peter Grant, Operations Director of Fusion IP, commented:
“We remain very excited about Diurnal’s prospects. Successful completion of the Phase 2 trial and progression into Phase 3 will be a significant event for the company.”
Martin Whitaker, Chief Executive Officer of Diurnal Ltd, added:
"Diurnal is delighted to have completed the first pharmacokinetic part of the CATCH study which will support the on-going development of Chronocort®.”Evaluations and reviews by the customers of the website harriettsjewelry.com
Website title: Harriett´s Handmade Jewelry
Website description: –
In category: Jewelry and watches
cugerank:
Listed on cuge since: 09/07/2008
- customers of this website have evaluated the site's
service quality and reliability.
Services
Evaluate harriettsjewelry.com
Show server location and provider
Latest evaluations
Is this page a fake?The centre-back came close to leaving White Hart Lane two years ago and made just 16 Premier League appearances last season, but is keen."Things to see and do - Les Salles-sur-Verdon
Leaving for France
Les Salles-sur-Verdon :
Unmissable tourist site
Where to sleep?
Les Salles-sur-Verdon Hotel tips
LOGIS Auberge des Salles from64 €Book
Hôtel Spa L'Ermitage from70 €Book
Les Salles-sur-Verdon Travel guide
Les Salles-sur-Verdon : Michelin's recommendations
The modern village was built in 1974 to compensate for the disappearance of the old village, swallowed up by the Lac de Ste-Croix. The only architectural features to escape the water were the church steeple and the village fountain, which were rebuilt higher up.
Tourist attractions Les Salles-sur-Verdon : Things to see and do
Lac de Sainte-Croix
F - 83630 Les Salles-sur-Verdon landsc..
Hotels Les Salles-sur-Verdon
Hôtel Spa L'Ermitage
Carrefour Département balcon..
LOGIS Auberge des Salles
18, rue Sainte-Catherine. F - 83630 Les SALLES SUR VERDON..Wacoal Lingerie
Wacoal bras and panties are designed to meet the highest, most exacting standards of women all over the world.
One of the world’s largest lingerie manufacturers, Wacoal lingerie provides many types of bras and sizes designed to offer full busted women the best in fashion forward styling and comfort.
No matter what your age, shape, or size, Wacoal bras and panties will make a fantastic addition to your wardrobe.
Coupons and Special Offers at HerRoom.com
In this insiders bra guide, we'll take a look at the various bra styles that are customer favorites.
Wacoal bras always
have a fabulous selection of different bra styles in a variety of shapes, intimate apparel fabrics and even a line of popular body shaper undergarments for virtually every silhouette, size and shape imaginable.
Wacoal bras are
the natural choice for full busted women from ages 9 to 90. There’s a brassiere style for everyone, from young teens who have just begun wearing their
first bra
to seniors who enjoy and appreciate quality, comfort and a superb fit.
Wacoal bras as
you can imagine are one of the most well respected and well known intimate apparel companies in the world. For decades, this Japanese lingerie company has offered women all over the world fit, comfort and top-quality fabrics.
Wacoal bras by
style is a helpful brassiere guide that gives you an easy overview of the bra styles that are currently available. From
balconette bras
to the ever popular
minimizer bra
and everything in between, learn which types of bras are most appropriate and the best bras for you.
Wacoal bras for
less is great for ladies on a budget to enjoy Wacoal’s extensive
lingerie undergarment
styles. From lingerie shopping online and great deals on ebay.com to your favorite department stores, there are several ways to save money when you're bra shopping.
Wacoal bras from
dawn till dusk - the goal is style and above all comfort. Wacoal lingerie is designed to provide incredible support and easy wear through many hours of both work and play. Here we take a look at brassiere cut, color and lingerie fabrics that Wacoal offers.
Wacoal bras in
the
correct bra size
will help your blouses, shirts and dresses fit properly and look fabulous no matter what your shape or bra size.
Wearing a comfortable brassiere that fits also promotes comfort and the health of the breasts.
Wacoal bras that
complement a fuller figure come in a variety of tempting styles that are sleek and stylish. Favorite
full figured bras
include the Wacoal minimizer bra which supports and minimizes up to one full cup size, and sports bras designed for exercise and high impact activities.
Wacoal bras at
a discount is a great option for saving money in today's price conscious economy. Here we reveal some unique tips for finding your favorite Wacoal bra styles for less.
Wacoal bras to
flatter virtually every figure come in a wide selection of textures, fabrics and styles. From a lacy Wacoal petite bra to the tailored Bodysuede Wacoal minimizer bra Wacoal bras and panties are virtually endless.
Wacoal bras with
style are affordably priced little luxuries that feel fantastic against the skin and look amazing, too. From AA to G cup in intimate apparel styles and fabrics specifically designed to support and accentuate a woman's curves, there is a Wacoal bra for every need.
Leave Wacoal bras and panties and return to exotic lingerie
Follow @loveoflingerieSocial network/pop culture site BuzzNet has raised $25 million in a third round, some of which comes from Universal Music Group. PaidContent reported the deal this weekend.
Some of that money looks like it's going to be put to work buying smaller sites. BuzzNet is now the sole owner of NY-based music site Stereogum, which it acquired a piece of last year. Now Mashable and others are reporting that the company has bought "online jukebox" service Qloud, which debuted last fall.
See Also: Pittman, Hirschhorn Trade Stereogum Stake For BuzzNet December 29, 2014, Governor Andrew Cuomo signed the long-awaited amendment (“Amendment”) to the Wage Theft Prevention Act (“WTPA” or “Act”) and a chapter memorandum. Notably, the Amendment and the chapter memorandum...more
1/6/2015
- Andrew Cuomo Annual Notices Notice Requirements Wage Theft Prevention Act Wages
The Ebola virus disease (“Ebola”) has become a worldwide threat, which, among many other effects, has forced employers to think about how to protect their employees. Employers also must consider how Ebola might impact...more
11/4/2014
- CDC Ebola Safety Precautions
The
- Notice Requirements Proposed Amendments Wage and Hour Wage Theft Wage Theft Prevention Act
In
The decision whether to hire or promote a particular job candidate is no small matter for employers, particularly in a climate where there are often numerous applicants for limited positions. To assist in this decision-making...more
3/31/2014
- Compliance EEOC Employer Liability Issues FTC
State and city legislatures throughout the country have been busy recently—passing a variety of laws affecting private employers. From sick leave to the right to bring guns to work, these laws will affect the way that...more
11/13/2013
- Ban the Box Compliance Domestic Violence Employer No-Weapons Policies Gun Laws Personnel Records Sick Leave
The New York State Department of Labor ("DOL") has adopted wage deduction regulations ("Final Regulations") pertaining to the expanded categories of permissible wage deductions in the New York Labor Law, effective October 9,...more
10/14/2013
- Minimum Wage Notice Requirements Overpayment Wage Advances Wage Deductions Wages May 15, 2013, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ("EEOC") updated its prior guidance regarding cancer, diabetes, epilepsy, and intellectual disabilities, so as to clarify employers' obligations under the Americans...more
7/11/2013
- ADA AMA Cancer Compliance Department of Transportation Disability DSM EEOC Employer Mandates Healthcare Obesity Supervisors
The New York State Department of Labor ("DOL") recently published its long-awaited proposed regulations ("Proposed Regulations") pertaining to the newly expanded categories of permissible wage deductions pursuant to the New...more
7/5/2013
- DOL Employee Benefits Overpayment Wage Deductions
6/12/2013
- Damages Discrimination Disparate Impact Hiring & Firing Job Applicants Local Ordinance Municipalities NYCHRL Unemployment Discrimination
Compliance
Employee Rights
Notice Requirements
DOL
Discrimination
Hiring & Firing
Sick Leave
Wages
EEOC
Employee Benefits
Employer Mandates
Healthcare
Local Ordinance
NYCHRL
Paid Leave
Pregnancy Discrimination
Reasonable Accommodation
Wage Theft Prevention Act
Background Checks
Employer Liability Issues
Back to Top...
...
Reviews
Past Travellers' Ratings & Comments
Map
Where we go in Kenya"I)
40 comments:
And its all true, not one main stream outlet would dare post or say something like this for all to hear.
These idiots are THE example of those in every species that don't evolve and normally would get left behind if it weren't for the highly unfortunate fact that stupid people recklessly multiply like rabbits relative to intelligent ones.
This is why that whole thing about why the neo-nazis are considered right wing vs left wing was such a crock of shit. Most of the right seem to be bigoted assholes. Collectively and individually. :P
this man needs to be run out of town on a rail. how fucking shameful of him.
*spits on ground*
Enough. I'm sick of this hate-spew. These people need to crawl back into their caves and stay away. Forever.
Cesca once again says it exceedingly well, and powerfully.
well, obviously dePass is descended from the ASS. a big gapping one.
What a racist piece of filth. It's hard to imagine, but I do know black Americans who voted for George W. Bush twice...
How are there still black Republicans anyway? Is there an "off switch" for perceiving reality Michael Steele?
To paraphrase Kanye West, "Republicans don't like Black People."
These people should be called out and shamed in every media outlet. Racist bigotry such as this should have a spotlight drawn on it. How does someone like Rusty DePass get to keep their job after such behaviour?
Chez says:
"I've already spoken my mind ad nauseam about these rotten assholes and what they've been allowed to get away with. (I think calling the first black first lady of the United States a gorilla reaches entire new depths of disgraceful.)"
Give me a break! You've more than "mocked" a sitting President, Vice President, as well as a recent female VP candidate (to remain nameless,) but saying something racially stupid about our current First Lady is wrong? Why, just because she happens to be black?
Umm, Okay, bad example. Even more to the point, you've likened Sarah Jessica Parker to a "HORSE" on several occasions. Now YOU want to cry foal, I mean foul?
Whether or not any of the insults thrown their way are accurate or deserved, doesn't make it any more or less right or wrong.
I suppose it feels different now, when the person(s) being mocked is YOUR personal choice, doesn't it?
Talk about the pot calling the kettle black. (Pun intended.)
So the guy is a loudmouth tool, (but you can be too,) and paying him any mind validates his (stupid) existence in some circles, (as we have done for you.)
Just saying,
M.B.
P.S. I doubt if you'll retract or apologize to SJP now, huh? I didn’t think so.
You're REALLY equating Sarah Jessica Parker with Michelle Obama?
Anon 5:18
Well...
A horse is a horse (of course, of course). But blatantly racists rhetoric? Well, that's a horse of a different color.
(I was going to go into the difference between mocking a media whore whose television show seemed bent on single-handedly dragging the feminist movement back 40 years and attacking the educated wife of a politician based on the color of her skin, but then I thought "neigh.")
Actually, yeah, anony is making a valid comparison, not a moral equivalency.
What this racist fuck said is beyond deplorable, but before we crowd ourselves upon the moral highorse, please reflect that there was 8+ years of attributable, nasty shit said about Condalezza Rice, Alberto Gonzales,George "the chimp" Bush, etc... Still is in fact. And yes, there are documented instances of it coming from ranking political officials.
Even denying that both sides of the aisle can spew their own flavor of crap, under the guise of "mockery" diminishes your given ability to point out bullshit when you see it.
Caveat' it with "Listen, I know that political debates can result in some nasty shit being said, but this....." and you distinguish.
The "they" and "we" crap is exactly that;crap. Hell, search your own archives.
Look, calling someone who is intellectually inferior a chimp may be mean, but lets be honest, it wasn't hate, it was the truth.
I'm usually pretty good about toeing the line that anyone and everyone can be made fun of -- particularly political figures (as a few of you have so notably pointed out).
What I think distinguishes this kind of language from the usual brand of mockery is actually two-fold. First, by way of example: If Sarah Jessica Parker were black, I wouldn't call her a monkey; it's one thing to pick on her because I don't think she's particularly attractive, but another thing entirely to fling racial slurs at someone. (And speaking of checking the archives -- seriously, so back and count the number of times I've accused someone of blatant racism. It almost never happens.) Secondly, and I've said this over and over again lately, you have to take into account the way your comment will be taken by your audience. This is largely a comedy sight -- at least that's the way I look at it. Jesus, take a look at the tagline directly below the masthead. When I slam a politician or a celebrity -- or both in the case of Sarah Palin -- it's usually a caustic joke in keeping with the theme of this site. I damn sure don't expect the readers to immediately go grab a gun and try to shoot Sarah Jessica Parker, as the people who follow DXM aren't really that type. But to deny the climate that's being created by the bullhorns on the right at the moment is shockingly irresponsible. I'm obviously not being PC and saying that the Obamas are above being joked about or made fun of -- but given what we've witnessed lately, the kind of unrestrained vitriol turning to actual violence from the right, I think the Booman Tribune's assessment is pretty spot on.
There are some things you just don't say and keep your credibility: making a racist crack about the first lady is probably up there. Once again, doesn't mean you don't have the right to say it -- just means that no one should take you seriously and you should be publicly castigated if you do. The right's not doing that with DePass because it has no fucking shame these days.
The derogatory comment here about Republican politicians during the last eight years had to do with their words and their actions, not their racial background. Me, I hope Depass keeps on talking. That hole just keeps getting deeper
Anon 6:40
It is one thing to criticize someone based on policy and ideology.
It is QUITE another to make racial slurs. That is the big difference.
The Obama policies are not above questioning. But dismissing someone based on race? Well... if you can't understand the difference, there is no need to waste my breathe on it.
Pronouncements of "the right" as being all racists cannot be made with any intellectual honesty unless you are willing to submit yourself to being characterized as being in league with some of the fucksticks that reside in the 10% of your own ideological ilk.
You can't paint generalization with broad strokes and then bitch when you get splatter on your clothes.
Self actualization is liberating.
Wow. Thanks for that patronizing pearl of wisdom, Maslow.
You know where I think the problem lies? In perception. The right needs some new mouthpieces - right now the right is represented by ignorant simpletons and the occasional nutjob (the Roeders and Von Brunns). Everytime an idiot like DePass comes out with something disgusting like this, or a Von Brunn comes along I cringe and wait for the inevitible insinuation, nee, declaration that if you are a conservative you are a rascist, amongst many other things. Which is simply not true. These idiots on Fox News, Anne Coulter, Sarah Palin, George W...they do not represent the conservatives that I know! In fact, I never voted for G.W. and I am a registered Repub.
So let's call these *individual* twits out for their dispicable actions - not an entire group of people, ok? Cause, despite Lily's Mommy's huge generalization, I am not a "bigoted asshole" thank you very much.
I'm glad to know you are just kidding about all that stuff you say about Sarah Palin. (I was worried you were mean.) Perspective is the key.
My family has farms in West Tenn. Obion, Lake, Haywood, Tipton, Fayette, etc. counties are hunters' havens. The people who live there are mostly white, hard-working, very conservative and dangerously independent. (For decades no prosecutor could get a West Tenn. jury to convict the most obviously guilty person of tax evasion or fraud.) These people are heavily armed.
Shelby County and Memphis is a veritable gangland. The people who live here are mostly black, either hard-working or unemployed, very liberal and dangerously dependent on a belief that the government will provide. They too are heavily armed. (On the Fourth of July it will sound like a major battle in a war zone around here.)
Memphis has a huge murder rate. Rural West Tennessee does not. Is it because Memphians are black or liberal? No - it's likely because there is a higher level of poor people here who have a higher level of mental health disorders. As West Tennesseans lose work and control of their lives, physical assaults may increase there too. But not because they are conservative kooks who listen to Bill O'Reilly.
There are almost 400 million people in this country and you are going off the deep end over 2 recent shootings. Just like the Berenstein Bears, you are watching TOO MUCH T.V.!
Uh, to the DePass apologist(s) posting under various shades of Anonymous: your boy DePass was Chairman of the South Carolina Elections Commission for seven years -- do you honestly believe that it is insignificant for a person with that kind of authority to hold the view that black people are equivalent to gorillas? The issue is accountability, and the difference between DePass as a keeper of the public trust and Chez as a keeper of his own incomity is a stark one. The comment by this buffoon DePass is intellectually indefensible, and anyone who would attempt to defend it is deficient in honesty, civility, empathy, or some combination thereof.
...please reflect that there was 8+ years of attributable, nasty shit said about Condalezza Rice, Alberto Gonzales,George "the chimp" Bush, etc...
Yes, there were insulting things said about Condoleezza Rice. Yes, George W. Bush was compared to a chimp. Here's the thing, though: I never heard anyone on the left compare Condoleezza Rice to a chimp.
Really, you can't pretend that comparing Michelle Obama to a gorilla is the same as comparing Sarah Jessica Parker to a horse just because both connect a famous woman with an animal.
I love how when this kind of thing happens there are always some clowns who come out of the woodwork to defend it, now matter how ridiculous it makes them seem.
Chez,
You know I like this site and most of the things you have to say. But is blatant racism more or less different than blatant prejudice?
(you said "And speaking of checking the archives -- seriously, so back and count the number of times I've accused someone of blatant racism. It almost never happens.")
But what about blatant prejudice? You openly pick and laugh at Sarah Palin's son w/ Downs. And you've openly used the word "retard" and have picked on people (in politics and elsewhere) on this site and have suggested they're as smart as Palin's young son, etc.
I'm just saying. This is your site, and you can and should keep doing what you want with it. It certainly hasn't stopped me from coming by and reading every couple of days. However, I do have a hard time seeing any sort of obvious difference between saying something racist about someone because they are black or saying something prejudiced about someone because they developed in vivo with an extra chromosome.
Yup. That's fair.
Once again, though. This is kind of a no-holds-barred humor site.
Oh my gods, I love you people. This is why, one day, many moons ago, I cheerfully shrugged off my conservative upbringing and embraced my liberalness. THIS is debate. THIS is respect for others. THIS is democracy. (Group hug and *sigh* of gleeful appreciation.)
Mr. Mahan,
My political ideology is so varied that it provides me an opportunity to surf many, many things; all with the understanding that the opions are as diverse as we are in this country.
This DePass asswipe can and will suffer a huge price for his racism, a racism that still runs very deep in many parts.
At the same time, I could scour the net for the Rice and Gonzales comments that were racist And they did, in fact, come from the left AND the right.
No one had R or D stamped on their birth certificate, but that is besides the orginal point.
The point was that DePass's comments are deplorable and should be denounced. However, before we paint roughly 50%of America with the same broad brush, it is important to recall the old saying: there comes a time in everyones life when they need to clean up their own backyard, before they go knocking on their neighbors door.
Oh apples and oranges, apples and oranges... how I love apples and oranges... which is exactly what all the anonymous sniping is.
Are there freaks on the left? Undoubtedly.
Do some "lefties" use their scorn for Israeli policies to thinly veil their own anti-semitism, or stand on a slippery slope of anti-semitism and intolerance?
Sure.
Are we wrong for calling our DePass before we "get our own yard in order"?
Hell no.
Sure, our yard may be dirty. It may have a car up on blocks too.
But that ain't nearly the same as big stinking piles of shite.
You can darn sure bet that, no matter how messy my yard is, if my neighbor starts dumping stinky pig shit on it, I'm going to be knocking on his door.
But hey... you know... I'm hungry today. Keep the apples and oranges comparisons coming!
Now that we all recognize that apples do exist in the world, the point has effectively been made.
Oh...and my Daddy can beat up your Daddy...
:)
Okay I must have missed something somewhere? What were these horrible jokes about Rice? The worst thing I can think of that anyone called her was Dubya's lover/real wife. As I remember it, she really didn't stick her chin out that much for people to swing at. And when she did, there was nary a racist peep.
As far as Chez's SJP jokes, again, not seeing the comparison. He freely admits thinks she looks like a horse, right? So the only way you can honestly compare the two is to freely admit you think Michelle Obama looks like a chimp. Is anyone going to do that? Hmmm? Speak up....
Otherwise, the comparison doesn't hold water. Chez's feelings about SJP don't stem form and racial or gender stereotypes or predjudices. He just hates that particular individual, and think that individual looks equine. Mr. DePass, on the other hand, makes a remark that is blatantly racist, and the only defense he can come up with is a phantom quote from the first lady which makes it okay. I just don't see the similarities beyond the superficial.
Okay V.
YOU have never seen it, or more importantly, you subjectively do not feel that way.
Therefore, it does not exist. Never happened. No one on the left EVER uttered racist comments about Rice, Powell, Gonzales, etc.. And they are all strong supporters of Isreal.
You are spot on. You never bother to give a critical look at anything outside of your own ideology, ergo; it does not exist.
Anon 12:54-
So, not supporting Israel's actions against Palestine equals being antisemitic and racist, does it? Wow. Interesting thing to learn.
Blindly supporting Israel in everything it does has absolutely NOTHING to do with being antisemitic. And if it does then you really have absolutely no idea of what being racist means, and must have a horribly shallow understanding of human life altogether. Mouthing support of everything an ethnic group does, does not equal respecting and accepting them as a fellow person. And if you think that's the case then you're really just sad.
And who has said that no one on the Left ever said anything racist about Rice, or whoever? There are LOTS of supposed Lefties out there, and I'm sure someone who identifies themselves as Liberal said something racist. There are idiots on both sides. But I challenge you to cite a racist comment made by a well-known Liberal public figure. Show us. If such a comment was made, give us a link. And even if you can find one idiot who did make some comment, I really really challenge you to find just 1/10th as many racist comments made by Liberals as compared to Conservatives. Seriously. I'll even give you a dollar. If you can come up with links to Liberals making just 1/10 the number of racist comments as Conservatives, with links to both, I will give you a nice shiny dollar.
Here's a question for you: how many lynchings of black people have been done by Liberals compared with Conservatives? Just who is it that complains about interracial marriages? Who was it that opposed the end of segregation? Was it Liberals or Conservatives?
I am really getting fucking fed the fuck up with Conservatives pulling this absolute batshit insane bizarro universe reversal of trying to claim that Liberals are actually the racists or that Nazis were actually Leftist and all the while the Conservatives have been the champions of the oppressed and minorities. They spout this shit with one breath then they make a thinly veiled racist crack with the next. It's beyond fucking insulting.
Anon 12:54 PM:
Wow, I did not say it didn't happen. I simply said I hadn't heard anything like that which was claimed. I should have explicitly stated that I wanted someone to GIVE ME THE INFORMATION THAT I WAS MISSING. If someone was going to make such a claim, I wanted a little pit of proof A link. A video. A sound bite. Something.
Unless you have any of those things, it is going to be pretty hard to convince me of some racist element of the left targeting Condoleeza Rice due to her skin color.
As far as the other names you mention (and really, there aren't too many prominent minority conservatives), again, I have heard plenty of insults thrown at them, but they were more about ideology than race. In fact, most of the racist claptrap I have ever heard against Powell came from conservatives when he chose to endorse Obama.
And I have no idea what support for Israel has to do with anything I said, considering I never mentioned it.
But feel free to prove me wrong, since that is what I asked.
You know, it's always extremely frustrating when I hear "call out the individuals, not the party". The problem is, like it or not, those individuals at the top of your party are the ones representing you.
There is literally no organized dissent within your party, nobody calling them out for the fuckwads they are. Most lefties will gladly call out PETA for the batshit crazy things they say, but it seems like, at most, conservatives will just distance themselves from the crazy. Do the right thing, call a batshit-crazy loon a batshit-crazy loon, especially if said loon claims to speak on your behalf. If you're not willing to do at least that, you're just as complicit and I don't see anything wrong with lumping you in with them.
Late to the party again, but eh.
Foul. Foul with a capital "F".
I think Michelle Obama is hideous as far as preening around like a fake celeb, but I'd never allow anyone in my presence to make such a blatant racial slur against her.
For shame...and I'm a regular news person - why hasn't anyone picked up on this besides you, Chez? This deserves some major air time. She IS our First Lady. Every network should be calling for that asshat's head on a stick.
Wasn't the Republicans the ones who abolished slavery and a democratic south the ones who fought segregation?
I'll have to see what party Ike was in.
Or better yet, I will wait for the Robert Byrd archives to open to do my research.
Just pushing buttons. You are correct about the percentages and degrees,
But that was the point. There are no absolutes and broad generalizations cannot be defended.
You owe me a dollar
Oh, BTW. I am NOT a Republican nor a Democrat.
But your attempts to paint me into a corner kind of proved my original point.
Broad generalizations cannot be supported when debated.
Anon 7:20: Ah, the old "Republicans freed the slaves" argument. Somehow a justification for all the modern-day racist asshattery. Because it isn't in any way possible, with the influx of new members over time, that the party could have CHANGED between now and then.
The other thing that proves is that you are severely ignorant of the origins of the modern day Republican and Democratic parties. They are remarkably different than they were even 30 years ago.
Ok, you asked for examples. I lowballed you; didn't actually give you endless Due Process cases pending, as well as many, many 15th as well.
But your broad generalizations have kind of proved my point.
If you chose to go through life pigeon holing people into tidy categories, there is nothing really left to be said.
The horse is dead, I will stop now
What the hell are you talking about? Due Process cases? And what does "many many 15th" mean? I simply asked for an example of someone saying something racist about Republican minorities. Anything. But you still couldn't manage it.
And what broad generalizations? I pointed out the flaws in your "these guys were Republicans, so they can't possibly be all that bad now" line of thinking. If anything, I highlighted why broad generalizations when it comes to the parties don't work.
If anything, you are the one pigeonholing, by assuming that my comments have anything to do with someone else's, when the only thing in common is that we apparently don't agree with you.
Dude, you were full of crap, and you got caught. And now you want to run away instead of facing it. Fine, do so. But make no mistake: the only thing you have done is damage your own point by making unfounded accusations that you refuse to acknowledge.
Next time, bring some better rhetoric if you want anyone to take you seriously.Monday, January 7th, 2013...5:00 pm
dave roskos | fiberglass
FIBERGLASS
I put insulation in one of the houses
we gutted, 100 dollars for 8 hours.
doing it again tomorrow,
which is my son Ayler’ s birthday.
It’s also William Blake’s birthday.
Feel like smoking weed,
but haven’t. I go through
this periodically.
It’s all one poem.
It’s all one drone,
says Made In America
on our shrapnel,
Made in China on our shoes.
Ayler is going to be sixteen.
William Blake is going to be
two hundred fifty five.
Watched a documentary
about The Dust Bowl
on channel 13.
Peter Coyote narrated it.
Peter Coyote was a Digger’ in the 60s.
The Diggers had Free Stores.
FEMA has a Free Store
on Fischer Blvd, but ya need
a FEMA card to shop there.
The Red Cross has been
in Seaside handing out
Free Lunch to home owners
& day laborers,
just like the lunch truck
that used to come around
to the factory, only it’s Free.
Abbie Hoffman changed his name to Free,
scrawled it on his forehead.
Then he went underground
& changed it to Freed.
& the pigs
danced a jig
of billy clubs & jails
riot gear & water cannons
full of fear
while America watched it
on television drinking beer.
Factory rimes with catastrophe.Histopolis sorts surnames ignoring any capitalization, spaces, accents or punctuation
in the name. Histopolis sorts
Vandenboogard
as "vandenboogard" and the following surnames sort the same way (meaning
they are spelled the same but differ only by capitalization, spaces, accents or punctuation).
The surname VANDENBOandenboogard.
Search the
Histopols Grave Index
for the surname
Vandenboogard.
Histopolis has an entry for this surname but it might be the result of an error
in the source information, since:
To confirm this surname, add a link (above) to a page with information about this
surname or that references individuals with this surname.
The surname
Vandenboogard
has a Soundex code of
V535. The following
273
surname(s) may sound similar to
Vandenboogard
since they share the same Soundex code.Lem Satterfield June 16, 2012 Former junior lightweight contender Eloy Perez told RingTV.com that he is receiving counseling for his substance abuse issues stemming from his positive post-fight drug test after his HBO-televised fourth-round knockout loss to WBO beltholder Adrien Broner in February. “I have just been on the down low, focusing on Eloy Perez. I’m focusing on myself. I’m just trying to figure things out. I’m disappointed with myself,” said Perez (23-1-2, 7 knockouts), who was subsequently suspended indefinitely pending a hearing by the Missouri Department of Professional Registration. “The hardest part is to even show my face. I don’t leave the house. I don’t leave my home because I’m embarrased. I don’t want to just come out and say ‘I’m sorry,’ because anybody can do that. Now, I’m receiving counseling. I want to get better and get straight on it. I want to take a look at what I did.” Perez’s promoter, Golden Boy Promotions, has not formally released Perez, according to Golden Boy Promotions CEO, Richard Schaefer. “I just want to say that I’m really sorry and I am embarrased for what I did, but I’m not perfect. Everybody makes mistakes,” said Perez. “I have my own demons, and I’m trying to confront those demons, and that’s what I’m in the process of doing.” Photo by Tom Hogan, Hogan Photos/Golden Boy Promotions Lem Satterfield can be reached at lemuel.satterfield@gmail.com Pavlik-Rosinsky replaces Rios-Herrera Arreola-Mollo bout is officially off June 23 Showtime broadcastIf you are not successful on this page, you can call the Elections Department at (415) 473-6456 and use our automated phone system.
WARNING: JavaScript is not enabled. Some application functionality and styling will not be available. Please enable JavaScript or upgrade your browser to a more modern version.
If you can see this text then your browser does not support iframes. Please contact the department or division to which this page belongs for further assistance.A geeky trip down memory lane to analog roots, through art experiments in computer-assisted creation.
Note: this is an alpha release. In the spirit of open source development, i figured i'd make the design process open to public scrutiny. In spite of alpha status, it's still very usable: pages turn, and you get cute little images. And in keeping with the open source thing, the booklet is likely to remain in a perpertual alpha state.
Born and raised in Quebec City, Qc, Canada. Best known as the founder of the Knights Frisbetar of the Ceubgenii. Graduated from Maybe Logic Academy in 2007 with a Doctorate of Entropical Study, with a specialization in Clandestine Exological Manufacturing (Honoris Causa Effecta, pending review). He was also awarded a Doktorate of Forbidden Sciences by The Church of the SubGenius. A long-time fringe follower, Potenloins applied to join the Church and was summarily ordained as The Only and Most Exalted Time-Splicing Fore-Man on June 21st, 2009 at 20:28:25 (Pacific Daylight Time), date at which payment was made to Subgenius Foundation Inc. St.George of Carlin was assigned as his Personal Savior
Start your own book today from US $3.99.Foreclosures in the Land Of 10000 Lakes!
Minnesota Real Estate Search - Foreclosures, Pre-foreclosures and Tax Liens
Minnesota Regions
The Northern state of Minnesota is divided into four major regions. You can find all of the Minnesota regions listed below. To search for foreclosures and pre-foreclosures in a specific region, click on the region below or search our Minnesota Map. One of the most popular regions is the Twin Cities region - which houses the beautiful capital city of St. Paul. The Twin Cities region also includes Minneapolis- the larger of the two cities. Other suburbs and towns around the twin cities include Inver Grove, Hastings, Osseo, and Dayton - just to name a few. Whatever region in Minnesota you choose, you can never go wrong with real estate investing in the Land of 10,000 Lakes! Minnesota has an abundance of real estate investing opportunities, and it provides some of the most picturesque landscapes around.
Cities in Southern Minnesota
Additional Resources:
Find all the Minnesota foreclosure properties by clicking on the Minnesota map. Search our database of Minnesota foreclosures FREE for 7 days with no obligation. You WILL NOT be sent spam emails and you can cancel your listings subscription at anytime via phone, email, or fax.
Minnesota Foreclosure Listings Service is the ONLY source of foreclosure properties in the nation that updates all properties twice DAILY. As an agent, broker, investor, or homebuyer, Foreclosures MinNet’s Steve Ranger saysthat while Amazon’s Kindle Fire HDX 8.9-inch tablet’s target market is mainly consumers, Amazon is also wooing business users, and the Kindle Fire is the second most popular tablet in business use in the US. with the latest model ading new features to further increase its workplace appeal.
The Kindle Fire HDX 8.9″ panelhas a resolution of 2,560 by 1,600 pixels, giving a pixel density of 339ppi. in an impressively trim 7.8mm thick encosure weighing at 374g for the wi-fi-only model, making it significantly lighter than the 469g wi-fi iPad Air), and still reassuringly sturdy thanks to its magnesium chassis.
Ranger says the bevelled edges of the screen make it fit very easily in the hand, and perfectly comfortable to hold for the duration of a movie, for example.
The 2.2GHz quad-core Snapdragon 800 processor with 2GB of RAM ensures lively proformance with no lag when switching between apps, and the 8.9-inch unit has two cameras — 720p HD at the front and 8MP 1080p full-HD at the back.
Ranger tested the ad-supported model, which is cheaper, but displays an add-on the lock screen. Paying extra for the ‘without special offers’ model will rid you of this irritation, and he says it’s money well spent.
The bundled Silk browser is basic, but adequate — although the ‘Reading View’ that strips out most of the formatting on a web page to make for an easier read is a nice touch, turning over-busy web pages into a more relaxing reading experience.
By using a fork of Android, Amazon has created walled garden of apps, and Ranger advises that it’s worth bearing in mind that developers inevitably go for the biggest and most lucrative markets first, starting with iOS, then Android, then Windows Phone. At the moment, Amazon’s Fire OS fork is probably about the same priority for developers as Windows Phone.
As for Kindle’s enterprise-ready credentials, Amazon cites support for encryption, Kerberos Intranet, secure wi-fi connections and VPN integration — all welcome additions.
Ranger concludes that the Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 inch is an impressive hardware package, but at the moment the splendid hardware is held back by an underwhelming set of apps, and an app ecosystem is big part of the equation choosing a tablet. |Lots of wacky things were said on stage at the Republican debate in Orlando this evening, but it was Rep. Michele Bachmann who earned herself the Complete Absence of Logic award when she advocated for a zero percent tax rate:.
No taxes! Awesome! But, uh, what about that whole "funding the government" thing? Bachmann has a solution:
Obviously we have to give money back to the government so that we can run the government, but we have to have a completely different mindset, and that mindset is American people are the genius of this economy. It certainly isn't government that's the genius.
Does that mean the government would be funded by the honor system? That would work out well. 61 to 62 of 62
Thread: Air Tool Hanger
Last edited by Jigantor; 09-15-2010 at 05:50 PM.Grip it and Rip it
Yesterday I purchased another air tool for the hanger.
A belt sander.
Most air tools are cheap in comparison to electric tools but these belt sanders are the opposite.
They are as dear as poison.
They come in different belt widths and lengths.
Handy tool for removing rust and mill scale, paint and other junk before welding.
JiGrip it and Rip itVCPD Wintergreen
From Grand Theft Wiki
File:VCPDWinterGreen.JPG
The VCPD Wintergreen.
The VCPD Wintergreen is a Vice City Police Department police motorcycle that appears in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories. It is based on the civilian Wintergreen, or the real life police Harley Davidson Electra Glide. This is an excellent vehicle for drive-bys while in Vigilante missions, as the player may shoot forwards, as long as the player does not fall off of the bike or puncture their tires.
Locations
GTA Vice City Stories
- The Police Station in Vice Point, Vice City.
- The Police Station in Little Havana, Vice City.
- The Police Station in Downtown, Vice City.
See also
- HPV-1000, another police bike only appearing in Grand Theft Auto: San AndreasStrangely enough, had Bobcats guard Stephen Jackson not finished Saturday's victory over the Knicks, it would have been about his technical fouls, not his gimpy left hamstring.
Jackson played Saturday, contributing 19 point and seven rebounds, after sitting out Friday's upset of the Celtics in Boston. But Jackson picked up his 15th technical foul Saturday, leaving him one more T away from an automatic one-game suspension.
Jackson became enraged late in the game, feeling New York's Carmelo Anthony was allowed to constantly hack him. Jackson was so out of control that coach Paul Silas took him aside for a long and animated lecture during a timeout with about three minutes left.
"I depend on him. Having said that, he has to leave the referees alone. It just destroys your concentration," Silas said postgame. "It's up to him to understand how important he is to us. We're not very good without him."
Following their back-to-back victories, the Bobcats are back in the race for the eighth playoff spot -- a game behind the Pacers and a game ahead of the Bucks. They'll play three of their next four at home, and all three of those home opponents -- the Bucks, Cavaliers and Wizards -- are beatable.
But only if Jackson stays on the court.
BOBCATS 114, KNICKS 106: The offensively limited Bobcats took advantage of the Knicks' poor defense and apparent lack of organization in a six-game losing streak. When the Bobcats can generate 64 points in a half and shoot 47 percent for that game, you know they're facing a team that can't guard.Nov. 21, 2005
The University of Iowa Athletics Department seeks applications for head women's soccer coach.
Responsibilities: This position has primary responsibility for all phases of coaching and organizing a competitive Division I women's soccer program within the NCAA and Big Ten Conference. The responsibilities include:
Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or an equivalent combination of education and experience required; Master's degree preferred. Required qualifications include: demonstrated knowledge of NCAA rules, a proven commitment to high ethical standards and academics, demonstrated experience working effectively in a diverse environment, excellent organizational and administrative skills, superior knowledge of the techniques and strategies of the sport, success in recruiting student-athletes to a soccer program committed to athletic excellence, and superior communication and public relations skills. Preferred qualifications include: NCAA Division I head coaching experience and a minimum of five years successful intercollegiate coaching (assistant coaches from highly successful programs are encouraged to apply).
Salary: Commensurate with qualifications and experience.
Terms of Employment: Full-time, 12-month appointment. Starting date is negotiable.
Application Process: To apply for this position, visit our website at and search for Requisition #52114. Screening will start immediately and continue until position is filled.
The University of Iowa is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Affirmative Action Employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.TEL AVIV (Jan. 22)
The Israel-Lebanon talks were resumed at Nakura today with the Lebanese offering to accept the deployment of United Nations forces along the Awali River on condition that Israel provides a detailed timetable for the withdrawal of the Israel Defense Force to the international border and allows the Lebanese army to take over from the IDF in Sidon where the Israeli pull-out is already underway.
Those demands coincided with Lebanese charges that Israel was responsible for the car-bombing in Sidon Monday which killed two Lebanese and wounded a dozen others, including Mustafa Saad, leader of the Sunni Moslems. A Foreign Ministry spokesman in Jerusalem called the charge “a down-right lie.”
LEBANESE BRIEFED ON ISRAEL’S WITHDRAWAL PLAN
At this morning’s meeting in Nakura, Gen. Amos Gilboa, head of the Israeli delegation, briefed the Lebanese on Israel’s three-stage withdrawal plan which the Cabinet approved eight days ago. The first stage calls for a pullback from the Awali River line and Sidon and its environs to a new line along the Litani River. Israel estimates it will be completed by February 18.
The second stage will remove the IDF from the northeastern sector of south Lebanon and the final stage will bring it to the international border and out of Lebanese territory. No timetable has been set for the latter two stages although unofficial estimates say they could be completed within 6-9 months.
The Israelis have insisted that the area evacuated in the first stage be turned over to the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) to patrol. The Lebanese had stubbornly opposed this until today’s session at Nakura when they made their conditional offer.
The Lebanese claimed that the withdrawal from the Awali River line and Sidon was not a withdrawal but a “redeployment” of the IDF, intimating that without a timetable for the rest of the operation they could not trust Israel to remove its forces entirely from Lebanese territory.
At the end of the session, the Lebanese asked Israel to coordinate the pull-out from Sidon with the Lebanese army so it could take over from Israeli troops there. The Lebanese delegates said the Beirut government would meet tomorrow for a further discussion of the IDF pullback and a detailed response would be given the Israelis on Thursday.
ISRAEL BLAMED FOR VIOLENCE IN SIDON
The charge that Israel was responsible for the eruption of violence in Sidon was elaborated by Prime Minister Rashid Karameh who contended that the car bombing was part of an attempt by Israel to sow local sectarian strife after the IDF leaves Sidon.
Violence has escalated in Sidon and in Beirut this past week, mainly between the rival militias of the Shiite and Sunni Moslems.
Israel has warned of a possible bloodbath after the IDF withdraws from Lebanon and made it clear it would be the direct responsibility of the Lebanese government. Israel will not be the policeman for Lebanon and intends to get out as quickly as possible, commemsurate with its security needs, spokesmen in Jerusalem have said.
Reporters from Sidon who covered the Nakura meeting today said the IDF withdrawal from the coastal town has been speeded up. Most soldiers are already out and equipment is being dismantled and trucked to Israel at an accelerated pace.20 Jun 2012 07:35:23 AM
Myth-Busting: Is MMA Really ‘Safer Than Boxing’?
(“See, when boxers get knocked out, their eyes *close*. I rest my case.”)
By George Shunick, a significant part of MMA training does not involve striking. Moreover, the type of striking found in MMA targets the full body of the opponent. Boxing only allows punches above the waist and takes place at a closer range, invariably guaranteeing more blows to the head. So it follows that since boxers are struck more in the head throughout months of training and in their fights than MMA fighters are, MMA is a safer sport for the brains of athletes.
Well, common sense and logic help a lot, but ultimately aren’t quite as authoritative as those pesky things called facts. Recently, Sherdog.com conducted an interview with Dr. Charles Bernick, who is in charge of a study of the brain health of professional fighters titled the “Professional Fighters Brain Health Study.” (Creative, isn’t it?) The study is conducted by the Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health in Las Vegas and is designed to last for four years. Its purpose is .”
When pressed if there is a discernible difference between the brain health of boxers and MMA fighters, Dr. Bernick responds:Read More DIGG THISComplete Story Mode
All you need to do to unlock this Trophy is complete all levels of the Story Mode. You cannot miss any of the levels while progressing through the game and your hard labor will eventually be rewarded with the sweet fruit of success in the form of this Trophy. If you're impatient, you can skip the cut scenes -- you won't be penalized. Once you finish up the Complete Spooky Mansion Trophy, you'll nail this one too.
Too easy
Rated 0 / 5 stars
This game is suck!
YEAH PUSSYCAT! YOU TOO!!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
I killed the boss and he killed me xD luckily it gives you the medal instead of having to stay alive after killing it.
Rated 5 / 5 stars
wait a minute!
I already played this game before
pico returned to the good side and defeated uberbot
For this reason pico became more than a hero
he became a superhero
grade'' 5'', buddy
Rated 4 / 5 stars
Nice game, short and hard but still enjoyable.Behringer XENYX X1204USB USB Mixer with Effects
Sku #485370000000000
Behringer
485370
YJB
Unpowered Mixers
-
- Write a Review
- Seen a Lower Price? Click Here.
FREE SHIPPING on Almost Everything
Performance and features at a price that will amaze you.â.Eagle Creek Pack-It Half CubeView Larger Image
- Colors
- Detail Images
Description
Share your thoughts
What do you think of the
Eagle Creek Pack-It Half Cube
? Share a...
Caro Aguilar
Groups:
Awesome!!
These cubes are really awesome, put a lot stuff in it! Just to give you an idea I put 11 rolled t-shirts in one of these half-cube. I used two of them with my eagle creek backpack.
Owen Dennehy
Groups:
Vegas Regal Casino Review
4th December 2010 Author: Latest Casino Bonuses
Follow up my previous playing at Vegas Regal casino. I won up to $350 from $100 free chip, but couldnt clear wagering requirement and eventually lost all back. I had $100 in my usemywallet account and I planned to deposit $50 with 300% bonus at Vegas Regal casino, but I changed my plan and made $25 deposit without the bonus and spin it at 40 cents per spin.
I planned to win it up to $50, then use this money to deposit with 300% bonus. Well, it didnt work out for me, and I ended up depositing three more of $25 without the bonus. It still didnt work out, I was so pissed at myself for not following my first plan, I was out of the money and felt depressed, lol. I thought I'll be bored over this weekend because there will be no more casino action for me this week, but then VRC gave out another $100 free chip.
Thanks VRC, I was like a fat kid loves cake, lol. I played for couple hours, amazingly, I beat the playthru and cashed out $100. I split this $100 into $60 and $40 and reversed $60 with 300% bonus and hit a big one on Scary Rich 2 (see screen shot), played for hours, had my account up to $1000 at one point, but I had only $200 left (starting balance was $240) after I beat the playthru. I went back to play on games that won me big on the previous section, but those games wouldnt hit anymore, and my balance went down to $70. I've kept on changing games until I played Bowl Over which gave me some decent hits, my balance went up to $440, so I cashed out $260 after the bonus is taken out. It's a small win, but I really needed it. Thanks VRC.
TAAADAAA
Vegas Regal Casino Play Now:The C4 documentary (II) January 29, 2006Posted by Rasheed Eldin in Islam, Media, Responses, Shari'ah.
trackback
I promised you a second part to my analysis of the Channel 4 programme “Gay Muslims”, which was aired a week ago. My Part 1 looked at various characters who were featured, namely “Abdullah”, “Razeem”, “Shakir” and “Farah”. The most controversial aspects of the programme, however, were the parts where it followed Adnan Ali, “Britain’s first gay Muslim activist”: I can see that by checking the web searches that led people to this blog!
So in this post, I’ll respond to those parts of the programme, including his discussion with “Muslim scholar” Scott Kugle, and also interesting comments made by the Chair of Imaan later in the programme. I will not attempt to make this post a comprehensive refutation of Ali and Kugle’s outlandish claims, but at least I hope you will get the idea. Who knows, perhaps some interesting debate will come out of it.:
He refers to an interpretation of the Qur’anic narrative on the People of Lut (peace be on him), namely that they were punished for “molesting someone’s guests”, i.e. the angels who had come to Sodom. What is so preposterous about this claim (apart from the idea that a lack of hospitality warranted the unique triple-destruction dealt to the Sodomites by God) is that the angels had been sent by God for punishment for their sins! See this passage from Surah Hud (11), especially after verse 77. What were the “abominations” (sayyi’aat) [v.78] that Lut’s people had been engaged in before rushing to the handsome angels? Why did the angels say to Abraham (peace be on him) before going to Sodom: “The decree of thy Lord hath gone forth: for them there cometh a penalty that cannot be turned back” [v.76]?.
Let’s turn now to the discussion much later in the programme with Scott Siraj Al-Haqq Kugle, whose essay on Sexuality, diversity and ethics in the agenda of progressive Muslims has become a holy text for the more intellectual-wannabe homosexualist Muslims, as well as those who just want to point at something to get out of listening to someone quoting them the Qur’an. “See? This very clever man has shown that all those straight male scholars you listen to are just homophobes.” There is much to be said about this “progressive” agenda..
Islam does not categorise people according to such inner feelings. Islam recognises categories of people according to gender, according to colour, according to nation, according to language, and perhaps more. Allah declares all of these to be equal to one another, and explains that the wisdom behind our diversity is “that you know one another” [49:13]..
I take it that Kugle (like many others) would like us to accept that since “homosexuality” is a modern concept, it was not known at the time of the Qur’an’s revelation, therefore the Qur’an is silent on the issue (which is about love…). Even if we were to go along with this, I have already stated my assertion that the Qur’an is clear on the prohibition of homosexual acts. I further assert that the vagueness of terms in the Qur’anic discourse in fact emphasises the generality of prohibition of homosexual relations (i.e. relations between members of the same sex that are characterised by desire; alternatively, relations between members of the same sex that attempt to take the place of the spousal relationship). I am ready to debate any claimant who states otherwise and has the nerve to put his views to the test.
Kugle mentions that the disagreements we have over the Qur’an are “a matter of interpretation”. This is another of those magic-wand terms used to ‘explain’ away clear texts. Yes, everything in the Qur’an or any other source-text must be interpreted: but such interpretation must adhere to sound methodology, or else it is just vanity, and arrogance such as amounts to infidelity. I made some comments on this (as well as Kugle’s claim that the Shari’ah is man-made) in the post on Safra’s preview.
Kugle has a problem with how “cultural assumptions about the nature of men and women, about the nature of sex” affect Qur’anic exegesis, but I wonder how radical a reinterpretation he would consider justifiable once the ‘queer scholars’ get onto the case. There is no problem with females interpreting the Qur’an, although I have not heard of many such tafseers. [There is a recent one by ‘A’ishah ‘Abdur-Rahman Bint ash-Shati’ (in Arabic), which I have not yet had a chance to read.]
But as for saying that people with same-sex attractions should be specially brought to interpret the Qur’an: this is ridiculous. What is needed is qualification in the Qur’anic sciences, and inner feelings are irrelevant except in the finer details of the exegete’s understanding. I’m not really interested in hearing a practising homosexual’s reinterpretation of the Qur’an, as it will be hard not to discredit him entirely, because of his blatant personal motivation. Such motivation is clear from articles such Kugle’s, which similarly display “cultural assumptions”: but some of these are inherently contradictory to Islam..
I believe that at the end of the day it is not up to us to pass judgments on homosexuals or anybody for that matter. The judgments from Allah (swt) are the only ones that can be passed and the only ones that have any validity. So you can sit her and write your jargon condemning other people for what you deem as wrong or you can go and ask Allah for forgiveness for passing judgments. To say what they are doing is wrong or haraam is unacceptable especially coming from another Muslim from the Ummah. Our lives are written out for us. This is what Allah (swt) has chosen for us to live. So by passing such judgments you are in essence saying that the path Allah (swt) has created for these people are wrong. Allah (swt) knows best not you, not the Imam at your Mosque, not that jurist or other human being. InshAllah you and other people like you who pass such judgments not just about homosexuality but anything else are forgiven by Allah on the Day of Judgment.
You really walked a tightrope there, trying to condemn us for condemning, while not revealing the preposterous inconsistency and self-contradiction of that endeavour. It was bound to fail, but nice try.
Oh F off to the person who had a go at “criticially reviewing” the documentary regarding Gay Muslims in UK. Dr. Scot is right in his interpretation and reasons behind the whole gay issue. Islam on the other hand, largely speaks of “justice”- so if you call yourself a really good Muslim you better do justice to the gay Muslims by 1) accepting them as who they are 2) by giving them the right to compile and have a happy healthy family life and 3) by fearing your own damn Allah that he will question you on the day of judgement regarding the discrimination against other human beings based on their sexual orientation/ gender.
Who are you to judge someone’s love and affection towards someone else? We should be encouraging gay people to get married with the person they love- in regards to having a family, they can adopt children, there are plenty of orphaned kids out there who are abandoned by their hetrosexual parents. I am sure, gay people would love to have a family and like one of the guys quoted in the documentary that he was so happy the day he was blessed with children! So shut up, and be encouraging and supportive of gay people having families!
They are NORMAL PEOPLE just like you and me, they too eat, drink, work, have a family… they are to a large extent better than most Muslims who blindly follow Islam without understanding what it means. And if you consider yourself a bloody devouted Muslim, you better do JUSTICE to your fellow Muslims and human beings.
Take your filthy mouth and your curses against God and stop trying to teach us our religion.
That’s awesome! You truly ARE Rasheed Eldin!
It’s really annoying when people try to victimize themselves when they know they are wrong. I love it when you have wisdom of knowledge on your side, and you are not afraid to stand against the oppressors of truth.
I commend you Mr. Rasheed for your excellent writing skills, and your wisdom and knowledge of Islam. I look forward to more of your posts. Thanks, and may Allah (swt) shine his blessings upon you."Mehdi Alimadadi" <mehdia at interchange.ubc.ca> writes: > - Please advise me which website I should go for a homology search of a gene > or a cDNA of a gene in two different species (human and mouse)? You could use BLAST with specialized BLAST pages for special genomes. > - What is the best way to find a correct and reliable sequence for a gene or > a cDNA of a gene? > - Is there any free software to find out the best part of a protein for > making antibody (epitope), some thing like "MacVector" or "Protean". I need > some thing which works with a PC preferably if there is any. If not I can > make do with a free program for a Mac!!!! > - Is there any free software with which you can design primer pairs for a > gene of interest? Look at this site:Comprehensive DescriptionRead full entry
Miscellaneous DetailsNotes: Forest plantations and also in the plains in moist localities
Trusted
© Caterpillars & Parasitoids of the Eastern Andes ()
Source:
Plant-Caterpillar-Parasitoid Interactions
© Smithsonian Institution, National Museum of Natural History, Department of Botany
Source:
National Museum of Natural History Collections
© NatureServe
Source:
NatureServe
See all media
See all maps
Trusted
120 other items
99 other items
92009 other items
1714‹ Back to gibson surname
Daughter of Col. Burgess Ball and Frances Thornton Peyton
Wife of jonathan catlett gibson
Mother of frances anne welch
Sister of Mary Washington Ball; Mildred Thornton Ball; George Washington Ball, Capt; Fayette Ball; Charles Burgess Ball and 2 others; Frances Washington Ball and Martha Dandridge Gibson « less
Half sister of Daughter Peyton; Elizabeth Burgess Long and Burgess Ball, IIFrom the Writings of Brooklyn Grace Brooklyn Grace (one of my granddaughters) is the author of The Brooklyn Times. This is the first issue. I’m not sure how far she’ll take this talent but I’ll help her all I can. The Brooklyn Times I would like to introduce you […]
Home For Christmas!
Merry Christmas to all and a Happy New Year!
Health Update and Weather
One can live with an ostomy quite normally I have found. A few adjustments here and there and a normal lifestyle can be possible.
It’s Been A Long Time—But I’m Still Here
I thought I was ready to rock and roll in my last post. Just a small matter of getting my strength back. Didn't happen that way.
Home From Hospital
I just want to post quick update. I am weak and can hardly type, so this will be very short. I am home as of lunch today. I have a ways to go but I’ll get there. I want to thank ALL my friends online for the love and support […]Important Note: This is a paperless process. Do not mail your application materials.
Applicants are strongly encouraged to contact the EER office before applying to discuss research opportunities and program content.
For an application to be complete, all materials must be submitted by the deadline.
Application Deadline for priority consideration for financial aid is December 1.
Applications (Apply Texas) and the following materials can be uploaded – please see the instructions for uploading transcripts to:
- Application form, including processing fee
- One official transcript of all upper division and undergraduate university work
- Graduate Record Examination (GRE) general test scores taken within the last five years
- Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) or (IELTS) taken within the last two years, for applicants whose native language is not English (unless you have attended an English speaking university for at least four years).
- Copy of transcript(s) of all upper division and undergraduate university work
- Three letters of recommendation (academic/professional)
- A statement of purpose, explaining your interest in graduate education at UT Austin.
- Curriculum Vitae detailing your work experience
Questions about the application process can be referred to Jessica Smith:
jsmith@jsg.utexas.edu
Jessica Smith, Graduate Coordinator
University of Texas at Austin, Energy & Earth Resources
1 University Station, C1100
Austin, Texas 78712-0254(Reuters) - John Powers, a U.S. author and motivational speaker who wrote about his experiences growing up Catholic in Chicago including the novel "Do Black Patent Leather Shoes Really Reflect Up?" has died, his family said on Thursday.
Powers, 67, died late Wednesday of natural causes at his home in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, his daughter Jacey Powers said.
A product of a working-class neighborhood, Powers wrote what he called humorous social portraits in columns to novels, a musical based on "Black Patent Leather Shoes" and more recently wrote and performed one-man shows.Green Rhinos ProgramClose window
ASED launched the Green Rhinos Program on the remote islands of K-Plot and Maipith in the Sundarbans on 27 and 28 April 2012!!
Youth are chosen by their schools based on interest and potential and enrolled in the Green Rhinos program, where we provide them with environmental education and leadership training sessions. Their education includes a presentation on nature in their region, the people and their relationship with nature, the environmental issues facing these ecosystems, and how the students can protect their environment. The transformational leadership training provides the students with the inspiration and tools to create and execute their own nature conservation projects. Mentorship is provided by their teachers and ASED. So far, over 600 Green Rhinos have been created.
576 Green Rhinos are on the remote islands of K-Plot and Maipith in the Sundarbans, a large and fragile ecosystem of mangroves in West Bengal where environmental conservation is a very urgent issue. Some of the projects which the Green Rhinos have created include the planting of over 2,000 saplings in the Sundarbans, a garbage cleaning drive in their village and the creation of compost pits for organic waste, and more. Green Rhinos in Kolkata have campaigned among their peers, families and community for the wise use of plastic bags.
Our short term goal is to create 5,000 Green Rhinos by December 31, 2014..
In the video, he showed your tweets in order to build his “case,” but every communication since has neglected to give you a voice. Specifically permission on the photo–am I mistaken, or didn’t one of the imposter Twitter accounts start off using it to be more deceptive that the account was yours?
We “hear” your communication with him through his choice of points and his answers. He unilaterally declares a truce and its scope so that jabs about anything else aren’t breaking it.
If I had the superpower of demolishing egocentric rationalizations, my strength would be depleted before I got through half of his.
How many times do you have to say “Leave me alone!” before Anton Hill respects your wishes and leaves you alone? Talk about harassment.
athyco, yes, one of the imposter twitter accounters stole that photo. Maybe Anton Hill thinks that magically makes it public domain.
Paul Fidalgo was having the “leave me alone” “No!” problem on Twitter earlier. Oy.
I commented this there (it’s in moderation):
“Why do you use scare quotes for the word “misogyny” Anton? It doesn’t make any sense in this context because you are referring to the semantic content of the word, not its syntactic structure. Unless, of course, you are deliberately implying that you think either a) the debates aren’t really about misogyny, they’re about something else; or b) that there is no such thing as misogyny. If you don’t subscribe to either (a) or (b) you should refine your use of grammar. And if you DO subscribe to either (a) or (b) then you have made the most tendentious notpology I have ever seen!”
PS. Fwiw, I like that pic of you Ophelia. Not quite a parrot shirt, but purple socks are pretty damn good.
I quite like the picture too, not least because it’s at Eschaton. But Anton Hill’s use of it, I don’t like.
You should see the socks I have on right now…
I knit all my socks, and my purple socks are more purple than yours, nyah, nyah. I also have a couple pair of flaming orange socks … and turquoise w/yellow stripes …
Seriously, if socks are a thing for you, may I offer to knit you a pair in the color of your choice?
The photo is down.
I’ve been trying to work out why I find this photoshop obsession among the Pitters so weird, and I’ve just realised that I don’t actually have any idea what Ophelia looks like. I’m sure I could find out if I needed to, but since I know Ophelia entirely through her writing, it’s never occurred to me to look for a photo because… why would that be relevant?
It’s like we are having a conversation about ideas, and they are scrawling pictures of their enemies on the wall of their cave and throwing spears and poop. Oog make big magic, make scary woman go away. It’s weird.
Ooog. That’s it entirely.
Its objectification of the worst sort.
By photoshopping, they’re trying to steal someone’s identity and make it conform to their wishes.
It’s not a mature thing to do. Intellectually stunted. Creepy.
‘Nother donation your way, Ophelia.
How did this post end up on the “FTB Recent” list for 2/13/13?
Because of the update, Pierce.
Pls disregard my @ 12 – I see the “Update February 13″ lede now… 😛
Thanks for the correction, AK!
Actually because I tweaked the date when I did the update. I don’t usually do that, but updates are usually same day. This is more than a week later.
Ah, that explains why other updates don’t prompt the FTB Recent list to change.
Oh dear, it seems he doesn’t think you should presume to know what he’s “thinking and feeling”! (he replied to your… linkback? Is that what it’s called? moving on…)
Yeah, ’cause his thoughts and feelings are the problem here. Couldn’t have anything to do with his behaviour, oh no, that doesn’t need addressing or explaining at all *eyeroll*
@Aratina, I’m amazed you haven’t added Anton to the block bot list –> we have all the best twits from Twitter on there!
Yet another case of the mildew mob failing to recognise the value of the commonsense maxim, ‘show, don’t tell’. For some very strange reason they seem to think saying they’ll do something counts as actually doing it even when they’re doing the exact opposite of what they’ve said they’ll do.
Huh. It’s not about his bullshit about the “truce” in which he went right on targeting me, no, it’s about my saying “in the hopes that.” Oh really? He just tagged my name, my blog’s name, my blog network’s name, all for the hell of it, or to help readers navigate? Uh huh. I don’t think so.
Hey Anton Hill? Just leave me alone, as I left you alone. That would be a truce. Continuing to target me is not a truce.
I was just alerted about this thread being updated. Uh, yeah, he is going on the Twitter bot’s block list right away. The less people have to hear from that man, the better.
Oolon @19:
Anton not going on the block bot list immediately made for a squirmy moment for the little lickspittle. The tweets read as though Reap Paden was sniping at him for not knowing the “background” of your appearance on his show and then saying that they were a little harsh with you. His tweet cower was immediate. But he’s being introduced around as having had his run-in with Ophelia, getting his cred. “Atheist Asshole” was an appropriately chosen nym.
I’ve gotten virtually no reaction to it, but I snapped and reamed him in the comment section of that rocko vid reading of this post (sans updates).
Lee Moore, meanwhile, is still trying to claim the “brokering” of this “truce” as a victory of his “peace talks”.
When I linked him to this post, with the update, he claimed not to be able to see you mentioned in the new Anton post you linked.
Seriously? Despite the tags? With my name, my blog’s name, the network my blog is on’s name?
Jeezis.
Anton is still just as relentless, by the way. I looked at his latest tweets yesterday and it was just a long string of tweets about me. Meta-tweets – no substance, just all meta – why do I react to harassment; he’s not harassing me; he’s discussing me and mocking me, not harassing me; etc.
Flewellyn:
Are you kidding me? Aside from the tags, did he even follow the link to the video and see Anton continuing his commenting crap after the truce? I wonder if it would make any difference to retweet to him these three Anton tweets:
Ophelia’s first update was to make the change he requested: to drop “pretending to be” from “full truce mode.” Now he’s admitting it was a pretense.
The guy’s an idiot, if he’s not malicious. Dude, yes, constantly yapping in public about someone who has asked you to leave her alone is harassment.Kandal
Kandal (1994) is a wedge serif design with some old style characteristics. It follows the weight scheme typically used for slab-serif typefaces, where the contrast between the thick and thin strokes remains relatively constant as they get thicker. Its proportions are rather narrow compared to other serif typefaces, especially the caps. The italic follows a modern cursive style of construction. The name comes from the name of a small town in Norway where some of my ancestors were from. It rhymes with “bundle.”
Kandal Specimen. The story of Kandal, feature descriptions, complete showings of all the fonts, and usage examples. 18 pages. 348 KB PDF.
Weights & Styles
Features
- Four weights: Book, Medium, Bold, and Black.
- Italics for all weights.
- Ligatures.
- Dingbats.
- Alternate “fitted” figure one.*
- Extended language support for most Latin-based Western and Central European languages.
* Requires an application with support for OpenType advanced typography, such as Adobe Creative Suite and QuarkXPress. Check your application’s user guide.
See the Kandal Specimen (below) for complete information.
Additional Information
- The Making of Kandal
2009 feature article on the Letter Cult website on the story behind Kandal, one of my earliest attempts at type design, going back to 1977.Lethal letter bombs have been sent to Celtic manager
Neil Lennon, one of Scotland’s top QCs Paul McBride and Labour politician Trish Godman, police have revealed this morning.
The parcels were ‘designed to cause harm’, according to Strathclyde Police, who have now launched an investigation.
It was initially thought they were hoax packages, but after further analysis it’s been found they were fully operational..
Mr McBride has represented Lennon during a dispute with the Scottish FA.
The three targets have been advised not to comment.,.Vous consultez actuellement la version originale de l'article de MusicRadar.com. Une traduction en français sera bientôt disponible.
How. email their course advisors or call +44(0) 20 7729 4884 and check out the full brochure.Lior Cohen Articles
Last 50 articles...
- Should Arch Coal and Alpha Natural Resources Investors Hold Onto Their Shares?
- 3 Factors That Could Boost Shares of Yamana Gold
- Is Coal’s Recent Comeback Enough to Save Coal Producers?
- 5 Questions to Ask When Goldcorp Releases Earnings
- Should Exelon Investors Put an Asterisk on Its Dividend?
- 3 Factors Driving American Electric Power's Stock Higher
- 3 Challenges Facing Silver Wheaton
- What Could Hold Back Shares of Anadarko Petroleum?
- Valero Energy Continues to Lose Ground, but Will It Last?
- Why Exelon and FirstEnergy Are Sliding
- Is Anadarko Petroleum’s Hedging Strategy Really Reducing Its Risk?
- Pan American Silver Is Just 1 Way to Invest in Silver
- Will Royal Gold Impress Investors With Its Second Quarter Results?
- Is Franco-Nevada Doomed to Underperform?
- Will Pan American Silver Reach Its Quarterly Goals?
- Will Yamana Gold Recover?
- 3 Reasons to Buy Pan American Silver
- What Is Driving Royal Gold Higher?
- 3 Charts to Explain Goldcorp’s Recovery
- What Will It Take to Get Barrick Gold Back on Track?
- Is Anadarko Petroleum Overvalued?
- What Is Driving Silver Wheaton Corp's Stock Higher?
- Has Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Sold the Right Assets?
- Is Chesapeake Energy Corporation’s NGL Strategy Sound?
- Why Did Refiner Stocks Plunge This Week?
- What Should You Expect From Valero Energy and Marathon Petroleum in the Second Quarter?
- 2 Factors Holding Back Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold
- Is BP’s $20 Billion LNG Deal the Right Move?
- Is the Gold Market Heating Up?
- Will Oil Prices Change Course and Fall?
- Is SolarCity’s Latest Acquisition a Game-Changer?
- Despite 30% Rally, SolarCity Still Underperforming Other Solar Stocks
- Will Shares of First Solar and SunPower Keep Heating Up?
- What's Holding Chesapeake Back This Quarter?
- 3 Reasons to Buy Silver Wheaton Corp Over Silver ETFs
- Is It Time to Buy BP?
- Could Devon Energy Stock Hit $100?
- 4 Factors Driving First Solar’s Stock Higher
- Why Are Chesapeake Energy’s Production Costs Falling?
- Will CSX Benefit From Coal's Recovery?
- Will Walter Energy’s Sales Dwindle in the Second Quarter?
- Will Barrick Gold Corporation's Tumble Continue?
- 2 Charts That Explain Walter Energy’s Problems
- 3 Factors That Will Impact Silver Wheaton Corp's Second-Quarter Results
- Is Silver Wheaton Turning Into Gold Wheaton?
- 2 Factors That Will Drive Total SA and Chevron in the Second Quarter
- Did Yamana Gold Inc Make the Right Deal?
- Does Total SA Offer More Than Just a High Dividend Yield?
- Is This Coal Market Trend Strong Enough to Save Producers?
- Is Chesapeake Energy Corporation Making the Right Hedge?Pavement failure closes part of Route 92
Emergency repairs are underway on Illinois Route 92 after the pavement collapsed at 17th Street.
The pavement reportedly gave way after a storm sewer under the road collapsed Friday, April 13, 2012.
The westbound right lane of Route 92 was closed at 17thStreet, and 17thStreet was completely closed to traffic.
Inspectors believed the same thing was happening under the eastbound lanes of Route 92 as well.
“After the north side is repaired, we will perform exploratory excavation on the south side to determine the cause and extent of sub-grade failure that is evident on the surface,” said a statement from the Illinois Department of Transportation.
The eastbound right lane will be closed during that activity as well.
Various lane closures will be in effect for at least a week, and possibly as long as two weeks, starting Monday, April 16.
MAP of IL 92 Emergency Repair Area("UPDATE: Rosneft: Exxon-Rosneft Deal Could Give Access To Vast Oil Reserves," at 12:48 p.m. ET, misstated the name of the Russian official in the 11th-12th paragraphs. The corrected version follows:)
NEW YORK -(MarketWatch)-.'s XOM, +0.09% deal with OAO Rosneft (ROSN.RS),-water.
Answering questions from analysts after the presentation, Sechin said the company is open to bring more companies into the project and that possible new partners will receive the same treatment as Exxon.
"To work with someone else? Yeah, we will. We will support...to involve more investors," Sechin said. "And conditions, as I mentioned before from the point of view of other investors, should be the same as for Exxon Mobil."
Also answering questions, Exxon Chief Executive Rex Tillerson said the company was confident Russia will take all the necessary steps to offer an attractive fiscal regime to develop the Arctic as it's in the country's own best interest.
"There is a recognition that these are some of the most challenging parts of the world in which we will work as an industry," Tillerson said. "I think their commitment is to put in place what is necessary to see them developed. If they're not developed, Russia receives nothing either."
--Isabel Ordonez contributed to this article.Some things are just fun to tell
So, here is another forward light scattering piece. I'll start with a question. Why is the morning mist that rises from a good microbially-cooked, mature manure-pile more vigorous when viewed from the shady side of the manure pile than from the sunny side of that early-morning dung-heap? Clues are in the green cloud story. Forward scattered of light is brighter than back scattered light. In forward scattering, the light waves remain in phase after the scattering. In back scattering, the waves of photons are at a wide range of phases. Interference cancels out some of the light and it is all rather dim. So, we have the rising, ripe mist of sweet smelling scents coming from the putrid pile of piloblis substrate for all to see. It is a place you can get in touch with your feelings. The mist scatters the light and we see it as a diaphanous mist. If it didn't scatter the light (remember it scatters all wavelengths because the mist drops are big relative unlike blue scattering haze particles) the emanations from the pile would be transparent and I would never have needed to talk about all this. To get yourself all squared-away on brightness of light scattering try the following. Wait until summer comes and it is about one hour after sunrise. By that time turpines and hemiturpines are fresh from the early morning photosynthesis and a blue haze of the early day begins to develop. Look toward the sun and see how bright the haze is in the forward scattering direction. Now put on your tutu on, begin a slow pirouette and notice that the haze is least bright when the sun is at your back and the haze is seen only from backscatter. So, you want a real puzzle. Get your polarizing sunglasses on without getting out of your tutu and then do the same haze-viewing, slow pirouette. Is there any difference in the haze brightness by this new method? Biogenic haze when the relative humidity is less than 65% scatters and polarizes light. Now that is tutu much of a challenge for the curious scientist.
Photo: Photograph © Andrew Dunn,, Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 Generic
Theme by Danetsoft and Danang Probo Sayekti inspired by MaksimerWe would like to announce that we have partnered with HanbitSoft to bring you another cool contest offer. From now until September 8, 2006 @ 9PM EST we will be taking entries from our members to win one of 500 prizes for Tantra Online. The prize is a 50 "Taney" card which can be used to acquire in game goodies.
To enter this contest just click here!NEW YORK— Japanese electronics giant Panasonic is showcasing a new wearable camera for police officers, and shares of rival body camera makers Digital Ally and Taser slumped. Panasonic's Arbitrator Body-Worn Camera weighs 4.6 ounces, is water-resistant and has eight hours of battery life. Panasonic announced the new camera on Wednesday and began showing it...» ..
When the Affordable Care Act passed, Bob Gardner co-sponsored the state bill to establish a state health exchange. States that refused to set up their own exchanges had the federal exchange foisted upon them. No doubt Gardner will defend his decision as having been the best way to minimize federal government intrusion into local business, which does not contradict his stated basic opposition to the federal act.
My religion taught me to give people the benefit of the doubt, to be reluctant to accuse anyone of a serious infraction. So, I am inclined to dismiss Klingenschmitt's illogical conclusion as a misunderstanding rather than a deliberate attempt to mislead.
On the other hand, I am appalled and dismayed by Mr. Klingenschmitt's rush to judgement and casual accusation of dishonesty. Mr. Klingenschmitt likes to wear his religion on his sleeve. The admonition against bearing false witness is one of the Ten Commandments. Perhaps he does not understand what that means either..
How..Pat Mitchell started California Natural Products with only two employees in 1980. And after three decades of innovating in ways to deliver high-quality food product ingredients to a growing industry, Mitchell’s company – which has grown to more than 400 workers – shows no sign of slowing down. On Monday the Lathrop City Council honored him for both his entrepreneurial spirit and his dedication to a community that he says has been a major part of his company over the years. The standing ovation and the framed declaration and the kind words, he said, meant a lot from the people that he respected and from a community that he holds near-and-dear. “It was very heartfelt for me – my very first business was here in Lathrop when I was only seven-years-old,” Mitchell said after walking outside of the council chambers to a waiting line of clapping staffers. “When we first started here it was kind of a disjointed community and there wasn’t really what most people think of when look at the town today. So in a sense we both kind of grew up together. “And the city has made it easy to be here. We’ve had some disagreements over the years but they’ve always been reasonable and we’ve always worked matters out.”Located on McKinley Avenue near its intersection with Lathrop Road, California Natural Products has a sterling reputation for manufacturing not only rice-based food products – rice syrups, rice syrups, rice milk – but also soy-based products that are becoming more popular in an increasingly health-conscious world. And the company itself has branched out beyond what it cut its teeth on. After coming up with a state-of-the-art system that revolutionizes the warehousing process, the company’s subsidiary – Power Automation Systems – began picking up contracts throughout Northern California. Just recently it was announced that the $300 million Trinchero Winery expansion in Lodi will utilize Power Automation Systems to sort, warehouse and ship cases of wine all over the world. Former Mayor and longtime local figure Bennie Gatto had kind words for his old friend when he came up to the lectern to offer something beyond what the city had for him, and followed him outside for a tender moment. “He’s a success story for Lathrop and for the world,” Gatto said. “Anybody who knows him for as I’ve known him knows that he’s become the entrepreneur that he should be. He deserves this, and that Lathrop’s happy to have him.”
Contents of this site are © 2015 Manteca Bulletin - All Rights Reserved85 members88 Comments 7 Likes
Jesse Lieb has not received any gifts yet
Join Tennisopolis : Tennis Social Network
Hey Jessie, I see that you are a beginner tennis player and I feel like I fall in that same category. If you would like to get together and play some tennis that would be awesome!! Just shoot me an email at steelshot2001@hotmail.com or just leave a comment on my tennisopolis page. Thanks.
Hey Jesse... if you're still looking let me know. I'm in town for work and off on the weekends. All my old tennis buds are back up in New York!
Jim
315-879-0026
© 2015 Created by Mark / The Mayor.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of ServiceMain product was £79.99, now £69.99. Separate selling price £97.98
Save £15.60
Instant Replacement
3 year from £,.
Product code: 095860The Sequoia School Soccer Club is looking to raise money to help support the program.
The annual Happy Valentine's Day for mentally challenged students will take place on Wednesday, Feb. 10, in the Manteca High small gym.
Sierra High Sober Grad is having a Texas Hold'em Poker Tournament to raise money for grad night on May 27.
Many campuses in the Manteca Unified School District are doing their part to raise money to help the people of Haiti.
French Camp and Lathrop schools are among Manteca Unified sites scheduled to take part in the Exercise Across California, according to the San Joaquin County Office of Education.
RIPON - Ripon's Park View Elementary School has joined a select number of state schools on a 2009 honor roll for its high academic achievements and for closing achievement gaps.
All Lincoln Elementary School students took part today Monday in the CAHPERD Jamba Jump Day Event - a California attempt to break the Guinness World Record for "Most People Jumping/Skipping Rope at the Same Time."
LATHROP - Lathrop High School is conducting its annual Winterfest this week.
RIPON – Normally it's the students fumbling through the words of the timeless spelling bee.
Four.
Page 100Warm and comforting on the coldest of days, my Slow Cooker Chicken Tortilla Soup truly hits the spot. With just 10 minutes of prep, each and every ingredient is added to the slow cooker and your house begins to smell amazing. Packed with protein from the chicken and addition of black beans and a full-bodied southwestern spiced […]This deal has ended.
This Cuisinart FreshEdge Vacuum-Seal 8-Piece Food Storage System drops from $99 to $49 at HomeDepot.com. Plus, it ships for free, making this the best price we could find anywhere. It features a vacuum to pump out air, keeping food fresher longer. It is also offered in Red. Sales tax is charged in most states.No longer available1996 Wolff at Bales Recital Hall, Lawrence, Kansas
…performances by and comments from students of Michael Bauer and James Higdon, featuring the Helmuth Wolff pipe organ in Bales Recital Hall in Lawrence.
Listen to the program
NICOLAS DeGRIGNY: Veni Creator Verse (En taille) --Nick Bideler, organist
LOUIS VIERNE: Clair de lune (No. 5), fr Pieces de Fantasie, Op. 53 —John Deahl, organist
MAURICE DURUFLÉ: Prelude and Fugue on the Name ALAIN, Op. 7 —Song yi Park, organist
LOUIS VIERNE: Scherzo (iii.), fr Symphony No. 5, Op. 47 —Michael Emmerich, organist
OLIVIER MESSIAEN: Offrande et Alleluia, fr Livre du Saint Sacrement —Yoomi Chang, organist
GUILLAUME–GABRIEL NIVERS: Plein Jeu, fr Suite on the 1st Tone –James Higdon, organist (DCD 2001)
JEHAN TITELOUZE: Verse, Ave maris stella —Brent Stull, organist
CHARLES-MARIE WIDOR: Moderato cantabile (ii.), fr Symphony No. 8, Op. 42, no. 4 —Shirley Cheng, organist
JEAN GUILLOU: Saga No. 7 —Carrie Groenewold, organist
ELSA BARRAINE: Prelude and Fugue —Laura Rau, organist
LOUIS VIERNE: Finale: Allegro moderato (v.), fr Symphony No. 5, Op. 47 —Mark Paisar, organist
These performances were recorded in concert at the University of Kansas on the evening of April 9, 2013.
Additional music composed for and recorded during the inaugural season of the 1996 Hellmuth Wolff organ in Bales Hall features a performance by James Higdon of the Three Temperaments by Stephen Paulus can be found here. Also enjoy two additional verses by Nicolas de Grigny on the Gregorian chant Veni Creator, played by Nick Bideler.
Visit our web page for more information about past…and possible future…PIPEDREAMS LIVE!Glock thinks new Marussia will qualify in Melbourne 15 March, 2012 Timo Glock walks the Albert Park track with his crew Mar.15 (GMM) Timo Glock is hoping that McLaren’s driving simulator is accurate, because he is relying on that data, and that his 2012 car – the new Cosworth-powered Marussia MR01 – is fast enough to beat Formula 1’s 107 per cent qualifying cut-off in Melbourne on Saturday.. Subbed by AJN. Content on GrandPrix247.com by: staff & contributors, Reuters syndication, GMM service, Getty Images, Formula 1 teams, sponsors & organisations.Subscribe
Issue No.07 - July (1979 vol.28).-A. Necula, "An Algorithm for Fast Evaluation of Time Functions", IEEE Transactions on Computers, vol.28, no. 7, pp. 506-513, July 1979, doi:10.1109/TC.1979.1675396It’s the middle of August and the heat of the summer is making me wish for the crisp air of the Fall season to hurry up and make its place here in Texas. Football preseason has started, I’ve noticed my local grocer pulling out the Halloween décor and pumpkins- ahhh pumpkins.. makes me really crave a good bowl of chili or a deep plate of pasta to warm my belly. The idea is good in theory, but not so much when the temperature gauge reads 101.
Doesn’t mean I can’t have some pasta, though! Try this light summer pasta for dinner this week.. I bet you have all the ingredients on hand already. Mix and match the veggies and protein to you and your family’s taste. We made this with shrimp, spinach, bell pepper, and feta cheese. The options are endless!
Ingredients
- 2 (6 ounce) boneless, skinless chicken breast
- 1 pound asparagus spears, cut into 1-inch pieces
- 1 medium yellow onion, quartered
- 1 pint cherry tomatoes, sliced in half lengthwise
- 8 ounces whole button mushrooms, quartered
- 2 tablespoons minced garlic
- 3 tablespoons plus ¼ cup olive oil
- 1 tablespoon Italian seasoning
- ½ teaspoon cracked black pepper
- ¼ teaspoon kosher salt
- ½ cup shaved parmesan
- 1 pound cooked spiral shaped pasta
Instructions
Preheat oven to 400 degrees. In a large bowl, combine chopped veggies, salt, pepper, and Italian seasoning with 3 tablespoons olive oil, tossing to coat. Arrange in an even layer on a large foil lined baking sheet. Bake for 25-30 minutes, until tomatoes burst and garlic and onion are golden.
While the veggies roast, grill the chicken. Season trimmed chicken breasts with salt and pepper- over both sides. Arrange chicken on a grill rack coated with cooking spray; grill 5-7 minutes. Turn chicken over; grill 5-7 minutes or until done and juices run clear. Remove from the grill and allow chicken to rest for 5-10 minutes.
Slice the chicken into bite-sized pieces. In a large mixing bowl combine roasted veggies and their juices, cooked pasta, ¼ cup olive oil, and parmesan cheese. Toss to coat evenly. Add salt and pepper to taste. Serve hot!
mmmm.. That is yummy
thanks for the recipe of this veggie pasta. I think I can make it now easily but not today I will try this on weekend .
Great Post.Its Looking Tasty,yummy,Delicious.Really its amazing Recipe.I like it.Thanks for sharing……its so good for better health.Anastasia “Nancy” Henn, 94, formerly of Cranford passed away Friday, Dec. 14, 2012, at Tysons Woods group home in Vienna, Va., after a brief illness. She was predeceased by her beloved husband of 60 years, Albert C. Henn.
Mrs. Henn is survived by her daughter, Nancy Henn Santoro of Potomac Falls, Va.; four grandchildren, Elizabeth Shifflett (William) of Reston, Va., Michael Santoro (Kate) of Fairfax, Va., Linda Walton of Richmond, Va., and Christine Grabenstetter of Santa Barbara, Calif.; and four great-grandchildren.
Family and friends may call Monday, Dec. 17, from 7-9 pm at Gray Funeral Home, 12 Springfield Ave., Cranford (grayfuneralhomes.com), where Nancy's funeral service will begin at 10 a.m. Tuesday, Dec. 18, followed by entombment in Graceland Memorial Park, Kenilworth.Trainer Wesley Ward has been
red-hot at Monmouth Park all summer long, saddling 14 winners from 35 starters
– good for a 40% winning percentage.
On Saturday, Ward
will look to add a pair of stakes races to his 2011 Monmouth Park resume. The conditioner has Black Rhino and
Politicallycorrect entered for the Continental Mile and Pleasant Prince in
the Philip H. Iselin (G3).
“We have a few ways
we can go in the Continental Mile,” Ward said.
“We’re still going back and forth between this race and the Sapling (G3
on Sept. 3 at Monmouth) for Black Rhino.
He worked really well on the main track at Aqueduct last time. [Owner] Ken Ramsey has a really nice son of
Kitten’s Joy in Politicallycorrect. He
can really run. He just lacks seasoning
and experience.”
While
Politicallycorrect would be making his career debut in the Continental Mile,
Black Rhino is already a proven commodity on the grass. The 2-year-old El Corredor colt broke his
maiden by eight lengths on the Churchill Downs turf back in June. Last out, Black Rhino finished fourth in the
Grade 2 Sanford behind the highly-touted Overdriven.
One race after the
Continental Mile, Ward will saddle 4-year-old Pleasant Prince in the $250,000
Iselin.
The Inca King colt
captured his first race of 2011 last out in an allowance event at Monmouth
Park. Last November, Pleasant Prince
finished ninth in the Breeders’ Cup Classic.
“He’s a very big
horse,” Ward said. “So it’s kind of taken him some time to get back into
form. I thought his last race was very
good. It looks like he’s back. He went from fifth to first in four strides
once he got running room.”
As far as a return
trip to the Breeders’ Cup this year:
“You’re always
hopeful,” Ward said. “He’s going to have
to step up his game, but we think he can do it.”
Seven weeks after delivering a career-best perform...
Ten Broeck Farm’s Sunset Glow, runner-up in last f...
Winner of the 2014 Breeders’ Cup Juvenile Turf (G1...
Ken and Sarah Ramsey’s Luck of the Kitten, runner-...!Gertrude L. Byrd, 93, died Friday, January 25, 2013. She was born December 24, 1919 in Littleton, West Virginia to the late Henry and Sarah Phillips.
Gertrude was a wonderful artist and had a business hand painting antique lamps. She quilted and crocheted, including many lap robes with the Wadsworth Senior Center. She had an interest in genealogy and created an extensive family tree. She enjoyed playing music on the organ and was active with the Medina County Library.
Preceded in death by her husband of 54 years, Lester A. Byrd; brother, Glen Phillips; and sister, Grace (Phillips) Rose; she is survived by her sons, Jack A. (Debbie Atkinson) Byrd of Seville and Kenneth Z. (Patricia) Byrd; grandchildren, Trisha A. (Brian) Hanlon and Jennifer L. Byrd; great-grandson, Quentin Z. Hanlon; and many nieces, nephews and extended family.
The funeral service will be held 11 A.M., Tuesday, January 29, 2013 at Hilliard-Rospert Funeral Home, where the family will receive friends one hour prior to service time. Burial will follow at Woodlawn Cemetery.
In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to Medina County Library Bookmobile.Tencent Tech, 4/19/12
Beijing-based mobile application and Android ROM developer Xiaomi Technology's mobile operating system product, MIUI, recently announced that this week it will begin removing Google applications such as Gmail and GTalk from its smartphone ROM and migrating them to the app market. MIUI listed three primary reasons for the change, the first being that most of its users voted in favor of it, the second being that the applications take up too much storage space, and the third being that the total package volume of MIUI ROM has been decreased by approximately 15M.
Xiaomi's mobile OS is supported by the MIUI Android mod.
Keywords: mobile OS smartphone mobile application wireless Google Xiaomi MIUI handsetSandra and her husband came into a little bit of money and need Mary to be the tiebreaker on what to do with it. Mary offers her thoughts on their suggestions.
Download a transcript of this Mary Maxwell video (PDF)
Seniors over 70 often think about the legacy they would like to leave their family. If you need more assistance to identify what you would want to pass on to your loved ones, both materially and historically, here are some thing you can say to enlist their help. Read Wills and Inheritance: Leaving a Legacy from The 70-40 Rule® Program
-Mary Maxwell, Posted April 16,2012
From Sandra in Ft. Worth comes this query: "Dear Mary, I recently inherited a little bit of money when
my sister passed away. I would like to use it to upgrade our kitchen, which hasn't seen a new appliance
since Ford was in office. My husband wants to go on a vacation. He keeps telling me it could be
our last vacation, but he's always been a little dramatic. Will you be a tie-breaker on this one?"
Wow. Your husband says this might be your last vacation? That sounds a little sinister. I'd be nervous
about getting in a car with him. I'm just saying. Seriously, I don't know what a little bit of money is, but
if it's enough to upgrade a kitchen that hasn't changed in more than 34 years, I'm guessing it's several
thousand dollars. So you know what? You can do both. Get that granite and stainless steel upgrade
going tomorrow, then take a vacation. Although, I have to tell you. I was just in Ft. Worth and I don't
know why anyone would want to go somewhere else to have fun; they were swimming in their outdoor
pools in October. If you don't want to spend a lot of money on a vacation, I might suggest that you
travel to Omaha, where I live. We have air conditioning in the summer and heat in the winter, we have
a world class zoo, and we have so many good restaurants that we feel it is our civic duty to go out to
dinner 3 times a week. We'd love to have you and it would be a lot cheaper than say Marco Island,
and not as humid. Thanks for writing, SandThe film is based on the 1934 comic strip about a magician with lightening fast hypnotic powers who, along with his partner Lothar, would battle the usual crew of comic strip bad guys (just your usual array of crime lords and mad scientists). The film will be directed by Chuck Russell, and will star Jonathan Rhys Meyers as Mandrake. According to Ugly's tipster, Couture told the DJs "...he had quite a few scenes in the movie, and that it was being billed as a cross between James Bond and Harry Houdini." The bad news -- Russell is also the director behind some fairly crappy flicks including Bless the Child and The Scorpion King -- so we should probably keep our fingers crossed that Meyers is up to the task of carrying the movie.
Back in June there had been talk from celebrity magician Criss Angel that he was in the midst of making his own movie about the hypnotist/crime fighter, but it looks like Russell and company have beat him to the punch. I wouldn't count on another magician movie battle a la The Prestige and The Illusionist -- mainly because there hasn't been a peep out of Angel's Crow-inspired adaptation since June. Mandrake has yet to find a release date, but we are bound to hear something as soon as shooting has wrapped in China and the States.
[via ComingSoon.net]
CATEGORIES Sci-Fi & Fantasy, Casting, Comic/Superhero/Geek, Movies, CinematicalOpen AccessThis article is
Notes: Multiple requests from the same IP address are counted as one view.
- freely available
- re-usable
Molecules 2012, 17(6), 7151-7168; doi:10.3390/molecules17067151
Review
Coordination Modes and Different Hapticities for Fullerene Organometallic Complexes
Received: 10 April 2012 / Revised: 22 May 2012 / Accepted: 1 June 2012 / Published: 12 June 2012
(This article belongs to the Special Issue Fullerene Chemistry)
Download PDF [924 KB, uploaded 18 June 2014]
AbstractThe.
Keywords: fullerene; exo organometallic complexes; hapticities
This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
Share & Cite This Article
MDPI and ACS Style
Soto, D.; Salcedo, R. Coordination Modes and Different Hapticities for Fullerene Organometallic Complexes. Molecules 2012, 17, 7151-7168.View more citation formats
AMA Style
Soto D, Salcedo R. Coordination Modes and Different Hapticities for Fullerene Organometallic Complexes. Molecules. 2012; 17(6):7151-7168.Chicago/Turabian Style
Soto, Delia; Salcedo, Roberto. 2012. "Coordination Modes and Different Hapticities for Fullerene Organometallic Complexes." Molecules 17, no. 6: 7151-7168.
Find Other Styles
Related Articles
Article Metrics
Notes: Multiple requests from the same IP address are counted as one view.College swimming: Penn State, North Carolina to face off at Norris Pool in Naples on Friday
The Penn State and North Carolina swimming and diving teams will compete in a meet Friday at 11 a.m. at Norris Pool in Naples.
The teams have been holding their winter practices at the facility.
The events for the mixed meet include: 4x50 medley, 4x100 back, 4x100 breaststroke, 4x100 butterfly, 4x50 freestyle, and 4x200 freestyle. There can be two men and two women on each relay.
The meet is open to the public, and there is no admission. For more information, call 591-0Zipcode Search Results for: 55917
2 Results
- Sort by:
- Distance |
- Rating |
- Buzz |
- Recommended
Category: Rescue Groups/Organizations
Location: 529 3rd st NE, Blooming Prairie, MN, 55917
Phone: 507.213.9924
Category: Animal Shelters
Location: 529 3rd St NE, Blooming Prairie, MN, 55917
Phone: 507.213.9924
Top Stories
We’ve all grown accustomed to the many fundraisers and charitable events that the pet industry produces for homeless pets. From pet food companies… more ›
Advertisement
AdvertisementBrigham City Carnegie Library
26 East Forest Street
Brigham City, UT 84302
435-723-5850
Hours of Operation*:
Mo - Th, 10 a.m. - 8:50* p.m.
Fr - Sa, 10 a.m. - 5:50* p.m.
Download Center
OverDrive - Search the collection of eBooks (EPUB, Kindle, PDF), downloadable eAudioBooks and videos.
(Requires the Pioneer access code and your library card number)
One Click Digital - Search the collection of downloadable AudioBooks.
Learn how by attending a product demonstration (Scroll down to 'Product Demonstrations for Patrons' and Register in advance to reserve your spot and receive a reminder before the demo.)
(Requires the Pioneer access code until you sign up for your own account)
EBSCO eBooks - Search the collection of downloadable eBooks.
(Requires the password and username from the library to enter. You will need to create/login to your myEBSCO account before downloading.)
Subscibe to receive e-mail lists of new eBook and downloadable audio titles as they are added to our catalog:
Send me new eBook lists:
Check for Classes
Questions about our Downlaods?
OverDrive
Getting Started on OverDrive: How to check-out and download eBooks and downloadable audio on OverDrive
Pioneer Library EBooks & Audiobooks - Helps and hints from the Utah State Library for OverDrive and One Click Digital and a variety of devices to use with them.
OverDrive's 'My Help' - Customized help for Devices
OverDrive Help - Find answers to your questions, solutions to your problems, and more
OverDrive's Device Resource Center - Explore devices that can be used with ebooks & audiobooks
One Click Digital
One Click Digital Webinars - Scroll down to the section titled 'Product Demonstrations for Patrons'.
One Click Digial's 'Help' - Tutorial Videos and apps.
One Click Digital's FAQs - Help for downloads, transfers, troubleshooting and more.
One Click Digital's Most Commonly Used Devices - Explore debices that can be sued with OCD's audiobook formants.
E-mail a question to our Reference Desk (brighamlibrary@gmail.com) or call 723-5850.
If you are requesting an access code/password via e-mail please include the following in the body of your e-mail:This headspace section on 'what works' and
Evidence Maps contains lots of information, but if you are looking
for further sources of evidence you could try some of the following
resources and websites.
An online registry of quality-appraised
systematic reviews on the effectiveness of public health and health
promotion interventions (including mental health prevention and
treatment, substance use, sexual health and parenting). Searchable
by age and setting. A Canadian program, based at McMaster
University.
Systematic reviews of the effects of
interventions in the social, behavioural, criminal and educational
topics prepared by an international network of policymakers,
researchers, practitioners and consumers.
Contains high quality systematic
reviews of interventions across health, mental health, health
services and public health. Also contains a register of RCTs and
the DARE database of critical reviews of systematic reviews.
Prepared by an international network of volunteer network of
policymakers, researchers, practitioners and consumers.
A register of reviews in different
health promotion (including mental health, sexual health, substance
use and education) areas. Includes the Evidence Library, the Database of Promoting Health Effectiveness Reviews
(DoPHER) and Database of Education Research. Evidence for
Policy and Practice Information and Co-coordinating Centre UK.
A registry of mental health and
substance abuse interventions (including health promotion,
treatments, school programs etc) that have been reviewed and rated
by independent reviewers. Searchable by age and setting. Substance
Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, USA.
Database of published biomedical journal
articles. The 'clinical queries' and 'limits' functions allow more
specific searches (eg to identify 'treatments' or a specific age
range or study type). National Library of Medicine, USA.
A search interface for mulitple
evidence-based resources around the world. Results are
categorised into types (synopses, guidelines, etext books etc).
Centre for Research Support, Wales.
The NHMRC guideline portal
provides links to clinical practice guidelines produced by
Australian organizations.
Large database of current American
and international guidelines. Agency for Healthcare Research
and Quality, U.SA.
Evidence based guidelines, including
several mental health guidelines. United Kingdom.
SIGN evidence based guidelines, including
several mental health guidelines. United Kingdom.
Canadian Medical Association database of
Canadian guidelines.
These sites are all freely available and most will provide an
abstract or summary, but you may need to search online (e.g. by
article name) or have a university or hospital library access for
further full text.
This is a selection of evidence & information sources. If
you think we've missed an important source of information let us
know at via email coe@headspace.org.au
1800 55 1800
13 11 14
Get involved with activities at your local headspace centre or find out how you can donate to headspace2012 PEUGEOT 308
7 February 2011 11:43:20
The 2012 PEUGEOT 308 facelift will hit the British market in March, and the car which will be available in three body styles - hatchback, CC and SW will be offered with four trim levels named Access, SR, Active and Allure.
In terms of design the 2012 PEUGEOT 308 comes with a refreshed front fascia that resembles with the 508, and some of the features include LED headlamps, and newly designed 16 inch alloys.
Engine options for the 2012 PEUGEOT 308 will include the latest generation VTi, THP petrol and HDi diesel plants, all of which are Euro 5 compliant, plus the new micro-hybrid technology which promises CO2 emissions of 98 grams per Km when combined with the automaker's 1.6-litre HDI FAP 112 diesel.
This engine option can be ordered with a 6-speed manual or a 6-speed automatic and will represent the cleanest model in this segment.
Standard equipment on the 2012 PEUGEOT 308 facelift includes ESP, ABS, EBFD, EBA, front and rear electric windows, remote control central door locking and six airbags.
The 2012 PEUGEOT 308 price will start at 15,245 GBP in UK.
Peugeot press release :
*worldwide.bodyemissionsto 98 g/km. This engine option will also be available with either a six-speed manual gearbox or a six-speed electronically controlled manualgearemissionsclass leading in its segment and is pending approval, and will be available from summer 2011
Related Articles
Latest Car News
Related Specs
2007 Peugeot 308 RC Z ConceptEngine: EP6DTS Inline-4, Power: 162.6 kw / 218 bhp, Torque: 280 nm / 206.5 ft lbs
New Vehicles
Peugeot is a traditional partner for one of the most important European Tennis Competitions. Roland Garros is one of them, as it takes place on Peugeot`s ...
Concept Cars
BMW has published the first teaser picture with the upcoming 3.0 CSL Hommage concept, a prototype that will be officially revealed at the 2015 Concorso ...
Custom Cars
Audi TT Roadster is one of the most recent models launched in the segment, and the most advanced product Audi ever launched against its main rival, the BMW Z4. ...
Future Cars
After Peugeot unveiled its 308 R Hybrid Concept, a hot hatch with more than 500 hp under its bonnet, Volkswagen is more serious in getting the Golf R400 ...
Green Autos
Together with the second generation R8, Audi also unveiled the second installment of its electric supercar attempt. You guessed that right: it is the ...
Market News
After it was succesfully introduced on the European and UK market, the current Insignia VXR will be offered also in Australia under the Holden brand. ...
Gadgets
Mitsubishi has to connect its clients with the latest communication technology. For this, the Japanese manufacturer has unveiled a new generation of infotainment ...
Various News
Along the new 1.0 TFSI revolutionary engine, Volkswagen also unveiled the opposite gasoline engine in power and capacity: the 6.0 liter W12 unit, expected ...
Videos
Lamborghini Murcielago LP 640 appeared on Times Square in New York to show its incredible custom wheels made by D2FORGED Wheels. ...
Motorsports
Skoda won't be missing from Worthersee 2015. The Czech manufacturer will unveil a brand new concept in the Austrian small village, next to the Worthersee ...bird.com > Bird Treats > All Bird Treats > Item # 533976
promotional discount applied. Cart total will reflect savings.
$2 Canary Food
Now: $3.96
Product Summary:
KT Forti-Diet ProHealth Songbird Canary TreatKaytee Forti-Diet Pro Health Songbird Treat for Canaries and Finches is nutritionally formulated to give singing birds what they need to create beautiful music. Kaytee Products is dedicated to the health and well being of your pet.Product Features:
Item Specifications:Size:9 ozIngredients:Niger Seed, Flax Seed, Rape Seed, Sesame Seed, Red Millet, Small Yellow Millet, Hemp Seed, Anise Seed, Natural Flavors. Allergen information: Manufactured in a facility that processes peanuts and other tree nuts.Guaranteed Analysis:Crude Protein: 19.0% min Crude Fat: 25.0% min Crude Fiber: 14.0% max Moisture: 12.0% max
Pretty Bird Daily Select Bird Food 20lbs
Starting at: $57.99
8in1 Tropical Fruit Honeybars Parakeet Treat
Now: $1.70
Bird Protector Mice and Lice Cage Protector
Starting at: $2.09
8in1 VitaSol Liquid Bird Multi Vitamin
Starting at: $4.33
KT Forti-Diet ProHealth Canary/Finch Honey Stick
Now: $2.July cover girl Kate Hudson is today’s InStyle.com Guest Editor! Check back throughout the day for exclusive content straight from the actress herself. Go to instyle.com/katehudson.
Music was a big topic of conversation in our July cover story with Hudson (her favorite workout consists of dancing around wildly to music in her home dance studio). So we asked the busy actress (her new movie, Wish I Was Here, is out July 18) to share her favorite tunes of all time. And luckily, Hudson more than obliged.
As it turns out, Hudson's past is one big dance party. Here's a peek into her freewheelin' existence through her memory's mixtape. Check it out, then listen to the playlist at the end of the post! We recommend donning your favorite Fabletics workout outfit (Hudson is the owner of the activewear brand), and dancing around for a Kate Hudson-approved workout.
AGE 8: George Michael’s “I Want Your Sex.”
That was where I started! Our whole family danced our butts off to that song in the living room. No idea what it meant! We just knew it made us move.
AGE 9: Pretty Woman soundtrack.
I used to dance to David Bowie’s “Fame ‘90” all the time. It was on the Pretty Woman soundtrack along with [sings] “I’m a real wild child, wild woman, wild woman…” “Real Wild Child” by Iggy Pop.
AGE 12: Janet Jackson, “Rhythm Nation.”
I was in fifth grade and I did a talent show where I danced to the whole thing. I show up and everyone’s doing it with friends and I’m the only one doing it solo! I remember running up to my Dad [Kurt Russell] and being like, “I can’t do it! I can’t do it!…” He was like, “No! You go shake your butt up there and do it!” Talk about stage fright: I was terrified, so embarrassed. And I actually won the talent show with “Rhythm Nation,” all by my lonesome! [That wasn't the last time Hudson performed in front of an audience; in 2003's How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, she and costar Matthew McConaughey sang an on-stage rendition of "You're So Vain" (below).]
I started really getting into music about age 13. My Mom only listened to classical, and my Dad was like, ZZ Top, Hendrix, some Zeppelin, The Stones. I remember bringing home Neil Young and thinking I’d found God. I loved “The Needle and the Damage Done.” I know that’s heavy for a thirteen-year-old, but I didn’t know it was a song about heroin. And we were a big Tribe Called Quest family. My brothers and I loved “Can I Kick It?”
AGE 14: The Rolling Stones, Tattoo You.
I spent a whole summer listening to Tattoo You. On the song “Tops,” there’s a line that just killed me, when Mick Jagger says “I’ll take you to the top, hey baby, awwwww sugar!” It killed me! I was like, “So sexy!” I was starting to feel my femininity as a young woman and Mick Jagger was definitely my soundtrack for that moment in my life.
Age 15: Her brother’s girlfriend’s make-out mixtape.
It was my brother’s girlfriend’s make-out mixtape and it had very specific songs: Mary J. Blige singing “Sweet Thing,” The Black Crowes’ “Thorn in My Pride”—Yes, I was a big fan of the Black Crowes before I met the dude himself. It had Lenny Kravitz, “My Precious Love.” And then, it was a cassette, so I would always fast-forward through “Blinded by the Light.” I loved that mixtape!
AGE 16-18: Grunge.
High school was Nirvana time. Grunge. Pearl Jam’s “Yellow Ledbetter” was a real girly driving song. When we first got our cars, and we were girls going out, we would listen to that song over and over and over again.
AGE 18-19: U2’s “Running to Stand Still.”
Joshua Tree was really the soundtrack to the beginning of my career, when I felt like things were taking off. I was flying back and forth, constantly, and I felt like my feet were never on the ground, which was a great problem to have, but I started to get lonely and miss my family. I would listen to “Running to Stand Still” every time I took off on an airplane. I just remember looking out an airplane window and getting above the clouds, and just feeling like, “My life is starting. I’m all over the world and I’m 18, all by myself! It’s pretty cool.”
I was on the set of Almost Famous (above), listening to hip-hop in the Penny Lane jacket, listening to OutKast in my trailer! And I really fell in love with The Boss, because Cameron Crowe introduced me to a lot of songs I hadn’t heard. Then I got The Boss, you know? Now he’s one of my all time faves. There’s very few people I’ve met in my life where I’ve gone like, “Oh my god, oh my god…” Still so gorgeous.
AGE 27: Justin Timberlake, “SexyBack.”
I remember I was in Australia, shooting Fool’s Gold (below), and I had a soundtrack to my divorce. Ha. That was when J.T.’s “Sexyback” came out, and “What Goes Around Comes Around.” And then there was Ryan Adams, “Come Pick Me Up!” That was a theme song for us: [sings] “Come pick me up, take me out, f--k me up, steal my records, screw all my friends…” Such a great song.
Then I got really into Donny Hathaway. I got really back into him, and back into real blues, like John Lee Hooker, Muddy Waters. I always go back to blues. I just love the earth of it. I can put on an album right now and it does something to me.
AGE 31-34: Chuck Berry, Lana Del Rey
Ryder [now 10] loves Chuck Berry. And anything with heavy bass, which is funny, because he’s playing the bass now. I remember when I was pregnant with him, he’d move in my stomach if there was heavy bass. Maybe he’s just a bass player. Then Ryder really got into alternative music. He’s got a massive crush on Lana Del Rey. He’ll kill me for saying it, but it’s OK. He’ll show me her videos. Oh boy, here we go…
AGE 35: Miley Cyrus, “Wrecking Ball.”
Ryder and I will argue over Miley Cyrus, because “Wrecking Ball”—I don’t’ care what anyone says—it’s a great song! And Ryder will just take me to town on it because he loves the Black Keys, The White Stripes. And Bing [age 2] is just obsessed with his dad [Matthew Bellamy, the frontman of Muse]. I mean it’s like to the point where even Matt is like “Honey, We’re not gonna listen to ‘Panic Station’ right now…”
Want more Kate Hudson? Check out more exclusive content straight from our Guest Editor.Tired of the year wait (or more) in between new silicon architecture offerings from Chipzilla and AMD? Well, if some Wolfpack researchers have anything to say about it, we'll measure that wait in months thanks to a new CPU core design tool that automates part of the process. Creating a new CPU core is, on a high level, a two step procedure. First, the architectural specification is created, which sets the core's dimensions and arranges its components. That requires some heavy intellectual lifting, and involves teams of engineers to complete. Previously, similar manpower was needed for the second step, where the architecture spec is translated into an implementation design that can be fabricated in a factory. No longer. The aforementioned NC State boffins have come up with a tool that allows engineers to input their architecture specification, and it generates an implementation design that's used to draw up manufacturing blueprints. The result? Considerable time and manpower savings in creating newly designed CPU cores, which means that all those leaked roadmaps we're so fond of could be in serious need of revision sometime soon.If you purchased Trader Joe’s products that were labeled “All Natural” or “100% Natural” from October 24, 2007, to February 6, 2014, you may qualify for up to $39.90 in compensation with no proof of purchase required.
This lawsuit claims that certain Trader Joe’s food products were improperly labeled, marketed, supplied, and sold as “All Natural” and/or “100% Natural,” even though they contained allegedly synthetic ingredients.
Proof of purchase is not required for claims of 10 or fewer products, but if you wish to claim more than 10 total products, you must submit valid proof of purchase along with your claim.
You must Submit Your Claim Form Online by June 16, 2014.
Qualifying Products and Claim Values are as follows:
- Joe‐Joe’s Chocolate Vanilla Creme Cookies – $2.70
- Joe‐Joe
So if you submit a claim for the purchase of 10 individual packages of Trader Joe’s Jumbo Cinnamon Rolls, you could receive a total of $39.90 in compensation with no proof of purchase required.
The final hearing is scheduled for July 9, 2014, so you will receive your compensation some time after that date.
Review our full list of Class Action Lawsuits for more settlement claim funds.
Submit your claim for Trader Joe’s class action settlement fund today.The
New German machine teased ahead of public debut.
KTM's X-BOW GTR will be on track testing later this month.
The Senna name will be reunited with McLaren after the British marque announced Bruno Senna as a factory GT driver for 2015.
BMW reveals its Z4 GT3 successor.
NASCAR fans may remember who Kevin Conway was, but do you know who he is now?
The!.- Time to Act
- International
- Campaigning
- Take Action
- Climate Science
- News
- Site search
Last week President Obama delivered an hour-long speech on the subject of climate change. Speaking at Georgetown University the President covered the history of climate science, the importance of an international agreement and the moral imperative to act. Standing in sweltering heat, Obama delivered his new climate policy for America with trademark skill. It sounded good, strong, and clearly resonated with the young audience he was addressing. But what did it actually mean?
This blog post was originally published on Abi's blog at ecotheme.wordpress.com125 jaar Fanfare "Eensgezindheid" Maasbracht-Beek
Paperback, 331 Pages
Price: $77.28
Ships in 3-5 business days
De 125 jarige historie van Fanfare "Eensgezindheid" Maasbracht-Beek
Ratings & ReviewsLog in to review this item
There are no reviews for the current version of this product
Refreshing...
There are no reviews for previous versions of this product
Refreshing...
Product Details
- Standard Copyright License
- Publisher
- Leo Pauly
- Published
- January 3, 2009
- Language
- Dutch; Flemish
- Pages
- 331
- Binding
- Perfect-bound Paperback
- Interior Ink
- Full color
- Weight
- 2.Sorry, this item is currently
Unavailable
Our Top Recommendations
HN-OD261 Old Dutch
Old Dutch Pewter 27 Bottle Classic Arch Wine RackItem # HN-OD261
- Sturdy, tubular steel construction
- Pewter-look powder-coat finish
- 27-bottle capacity
- Holds bottles level for ideal storage and easy access
- Wipe clean to preserve polish
Images
Full Description
Specifications
Guarantee & Returns
Recommended Accessory
Similar Wine Racks
Belham Living Genova Wine Cabinet - Dark Oak
$88.01
Metro 8-Bottle Wall Mounted Wine Rack
$55.72
18 Bottle Espresso Wine Tower and Glass Holder
$142.98
Vicenza 20-Bottle Wine Table with Glass Storage
$199.98
Bridgeport 16-Bottle Wine Cabinet
$142.95
Belham Living Milano Espresso Wall Wine Rack
$37.01
Sponsored Links
Old Dutch
Old Dutch Pewter 27 Bottle Classic Arch Wine Rack
0.00
Show your wine collection a little love with the Old Dutch Pewter 27 Bottle Classic Arch Wine Rack. Display and store 27 bottles of your favorite vintages with this lovely rack. The pewter-look powder-coat finish and easy style make it perfect for any decor. About Old Dutch InternationalFamous for their copperware, Old Dutch International, Ltd. has been supplying the best in imported housewares and giftware to fine retailers throughout America since 1950. They offer a large assortment of housewaresKen Hess is an experienced engineer, a seasoned entrepreneur, and a budding educator. He holds one of the first software patents ever granted, and he has been responsible for designing and/or developing dozens of commercial software, content, and Web products, including Family Tree Maker, one of the all-time best-selling home software programs. Among his awards are a PC Magazine Editor's Choice, PC Magazine Top 100 Web Site, and Software Publishing Association Codie.
Not content with just making products, Ken also builds organizations. He bootstrapped Banner Blue Software, the company that produced Family Tree Maker, and grew it to over 100 employees and $23 million in sales before selling it to Broderbund Software. Later he founded Pocket Express, a software developer for handheld devices such as the Palm Organizer. Most recently, Ken founded Science Buddies, a non-profit focused on improving science education, and a vehicle for him to share his life-long passion for science and technology with students around the world.
Ken is author of the book, Bootstrap: Lessons Learned Building a Successful Company from Scratch. He holds a BS in Engineering from Stanford and an MBA from Harvard. Before striking out on his own he spent several years at Intel and Hewlett-Packard.
You can learn more about Ken on his personal website:
Last updated January 29, 2006.Prediction
Now that he's done his New York Times op-ed, our panelists predict what Vladimir Putin will write a column about next.
PETER SAGAL, HOST:
Now, panel, what will Vladimir Putin write a column about next? P.J. O'Rourke.
P.J. O'ROURKE: Twerking.
SAGAL: Yes.
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: I love to twerk.
O'ROURKE: Yeah.
SAGAL: Faith Salie.
FAITH SALIE: The next op-ed will be called God created us equal, but I'm the equalist. Have you seen me shirtless, shooting darts at whales while balancing on a rubber boat?
(LAUGHTER)
SAGAL: And Mo Rocca.
MO ROCCA: It'll be an advice column on how and where to best hide your chemical weapons.
(LAUGHTER)
CARL KASELL ANNOUNCER: Well, if Putin writes about any of that, panel, we'll ask you about it on WAIT, WAIT...DON'T TELL ME!
SAGAL: Thank you, Carl Kasell. Thanks also to P.J. O'Rourke, Faith Salie, and Mo Rocca. Thanks to all of you for listening. We're grateful for your time.
(APPLAUSE)
SAGAL: I am Peter Sagal. We'll.Concerning memetic viruses... Sorry for wasting bandwidth, but I kinda couldn't resist. (I must have a memetic immunodeficiency ;) ciao, 'gene P.S. By now it is already too late: _you_ have been effected by a worst possible infoparasite, a metameme! > There is a computer virus that is being sent across the Internet. If you > receive an e-mail message with the subject line "Free Money." DO NOT > readthe message. DELETE it immediately, UNPLUG your computer, then BURN IT > to ASHES in a government-approved toxic waste disposal INCINERATOR.Once a > computer is infected, it will be TOO LATE. Your computer will begin toemit > a vile ODOR. Then it will secrete a foul, milky DISCHARGE. Verily, it > shall SCREECH with the tortured, monitor-shattering SCREAM of 1,000 > hell-scorched souls, drawing unwanted attention to your cubicle > fromco-workers and supervisors alike. After violently ripping itself from > the wall, your computer will punch through your office window as it STREAKS > into the night, HOWLING like a BANSHEE. Once free, it will spend the rest > of its days BRUTALIZING household PETS and MOCKING the POPE. > Some filthy, disgusting miscreant... some no-good, low-down, > good-for-nothing DIRTY SNAKE, in twisted pursuit of his own sadistic > dreams, is sending this virus across the Net via an e-mail entitled "Free > Money." What is soterrifying about this virus is that you do not even to > have to open the e-mail for it toactivate. In fact, you do not even need to > RECEIVE the e-mail. You do noteven need to OWN a COMPUTER. "Free Money" can > infect even minor HOUSEHOLDAPPLIANCES. >! > > > > > > >Spend Valentine’s Day – and every other day of the year – with one of the sexiest men on the planet thanks to this Ryan Gosling Paperboy book, which has been released following the huge success of the Ryan Gosling Colouring Book.
Not only can you spend your days watching The Notebook (or other such Ryan Gosling filled cinematic delights) with a glass of wine and a bottomless tub of ice cream, but you can also dress – and more importantly, undress – your man too.
We haven’t gone mad, and we aren’t making plans to kidnap Ryan Gosling (not yet, anyway), but we have just made a few orders for this Ryan Gosling Paperboy book.
Dress Ryan up in outfits from all his greatest films, from The Notebook to Crazy Stupid Love to Blue Valentine and everything else in-between. It’s a treat for the eyes and the mind too, because not only can you gawk at Ryan in a plethora of different outfits (drool), but you’ll also get a bit of history about them too. Educational gifts for yourself are the best gifts of all!
It’ll get us through the end of January, keep us entertained in the queues at London Fashion Week, keep us busy during the ads breaks of any TV show we watch, ever, and so much more.
Ryan Gosling Paperboy book, £6.95Paulsboro Train Derail
Menendez (D-NJ) echoed NTSB findings that laid particular blame at the feet of Conrail for what happened.
NTSB Faults Conrail Training and Procedures in 2012 Paulsboro, NJ Derailment
Another factor contributing to consequences following the accident, the NTSB says, was Conrail’s failure of to implement and establish emergency response protocols to protect the community from exposure to the vinyl chloride that was released.
NTSB To Determine Cause Of 2012 Paulsboro Train Derailment
The National Transportation Safety Board is set to determine the cause of a train derailment that leaked a hazardous gas in a southern New Jersey community almost two years ago..
Conrail Responds To Lawsuit From Paulsboro Spill
Consolidated Rail Corp., known as Conrail, filed its motion in U.S. District Court in Camden on Tuesday, four days after a complaint was filed by more than two dozen individuals and business owners.
Freight Train Crew Describes Leadup and Sudden Derailment in Paulsboro, NJ
Conrail employees told the NTSB they did everything by the book that day. A vinyl chloride leak forced evacuation of half the town.
NTSB To Hold Hearing On Paulsboro Train Derailment
The National Transportation Safety Board is planning a hearing to gather facts about a November train derailment in New Jersey that caused a noxious gas to be released into the air.
Lawsuit Says Conrail Endangered People Near 2012 Paulsboro, NJ Derailment-Spill
While this suit for damages (due to illness and for continued medical monitoring) includes some civilians, it also represents the grievances of some of the first responders who went toward the danger.
Contrail Decides Fate Of Bridge Damaged In Paulsboro Train Derailment
Contrail has decided to build a new movable bridge.
_12<<
More Lawsuits, Less Business In Wake Of Paulsboro Train Derailment
The number of legal claims against Conrail by Paulsboro residents could jump several times higher as small businesses owned and operated by people who live in the small borough are still trying to recover.
Number of Plaintiffs Suing Conrail Over Paulsboro, NJ Derailment Nears 100
As the cleanup from the Conrail freight train derailment in Paulsboro, NJ continues, people are lining up to sue the rail carrier over the leak of vinyl chloride.
.- TRAVELERS
- Find a rental
- Manage your booking
- Palmetto Dunes rentals
- $ USD
- How to book
- Help Center
- Write a review
Description from the manager
- House
- 2 bedrooms
- 2 bathrooms
- Sleeps 6
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sleeps: 6
Type: House301 Windsor Place
Description from the manager
Windsor Place
301 Windsor Place
Palmetto Dunes,Top Photo Uploaders of October 20124 9 Share Tweet
Hear ye, hear ye! We've got millions of Lomographs uploaded in our Community and we are here to announce those who hit the mark last October!
It is true! For here is October 2012’s Top Photo Uploaders; thousands of sweet Lomographs sent directly into their LomoHomes. Cheers!
written by mayeemayee on 2012-11-10 in #news #community #recap #top-photo-uploaders #october-2012
4 CommentsI’ve managed many website designs/redesigns, but my current project took an unusual turn this week that I haven’t experienced before.
When my team first met with our selected vendor, we described what we wanted to achieve with our new website. This is always a critical part of the process, making sure the designers understand what the users want. Everything seemed to go well, and about a month ago we received the vendor’s wireframe for review.
My team was disappointed with the wireframe, and during a conference call we offered the designers feedback on how they’d like it to be tweaked. And so last week, we received an updated wireframe. I then scheduled two meetings, one with our internal team, and the other (a day later) with the vendor to hopefully approve the latest wireframe.
To my great surprise, when I joined the first meeting, I learned that our team had spent the last few days completely rethinking how they wanted the new site to work and had prepared sketches of most of the principal pages. (This is not a group that has previously been involved with website development.) I suggested we provide the sketches to the vendor in advance of the second meeting so they could digest the new ideas. (I also called my liaison so discuss what had happened and to prepare for our group meeting, scheduled for later that day.)
I explained to the vendor that the new design wasn’t a rejection of what they had done, but rather our team re-examining their requirements. Instead of being insulted as I feared might happen, the vendor was impressed with our work, and promised to do their best to translate our sketches into the design. And with my team’s heavy involvement in deciding how the site should work, I am almost certain that they will be happy with the vendor’s final product.
Never have I seen an internal team work together so well to clarify website requirements – and to develop a design that will serve user needs. We’ll have to see how the site turns out, and perhaps our launch date will be a bit delayed, but if I had this level of involvement from other users on projects I manage, my job would be much easier.Fans of the Marx Brothers (and we are legion) or of Hollywood nostalgia will find points of interest in this curio from the Republic Pictures vault, distributed by Artisan. After all, a musical comedy teaming up Groucho Marx with "Brazilian Bombshell" Carmen Miranda should have real retro-kick appeal. At this point in his career, Groucho was comedy's elder statesman, his career spanning vaudeville, Broadway, and motion pictures. Miranda, with her towering fruit-basket headgear and quicktime Portuguese hot-cha-cha, remains the very definition of nostalgic showbiz kitsch. However, hardcore Marxists already know that, as Groucho's first solo film appearance, 1947's Copacabana was a once-over-slightly effort that the Master himself dismissed before the cameras even rolled.
It's not as if he was suddenly bereft without Harpo, Chico, and/or Zeppo. (After a quarter-century in show business the team broke up following a string of subpar comedies misguided by MGM, then Groucho reunited with Harpo and Chico in 1946 for A Night in Casablanca.) And heaven knows it's not that the one, the only Groucho wasn't talented and funny. No, the faults here lie with Alfred E. Green's terminally uninspired directing of a bloodless screenplay that offers Groucho a few good lines but none of the sparkle and energy that made his magic work on screen. He is Lionel Q. Devereux and Miranda is Carmen Navarro, a duo act ten years affianced and professionally on the skids. Devereux, now Carmen's penniless agent, connives to get her an engagement at New York's prestigious Copacabana Club. And he figures to double their dough by auditioning two acts Carmen as herself and Carmen in disguise as veiled French chanteuse Mademoiselle Fifi. When both Carmen and "Fifi" are simultaneously booked at the Copa, humor is squeezed from her quick-change acts like blood from a pomegranate. The required love interest comes when Copa manager Steve Cochran falls for the faux Fifi, leaving adrift his pretty bookkeeper (former child star Gloria Jean in a role Groucho secured for her). Madcap mayhem tries to ensue, but the tires are flat on this vehicle.
Green's flaccid timing allows too many wisecracks to die waiting for a laugh track that's not there. It's always good to see ol' Grou in action, but with this weak material and with no drawing on his own inventiveness, his Lionel Q. Devereux is a drab shadow compared to Rufus T. Firefly. At times he comes across as someone else trying self-consciously to do a classic Groucho impression and in one scene that's literally the truth. When Devereux announces that he has yet another client auditioning at the Copa, out struts Groucho again, this time in the signature greasepaint mustache and scruffy attire of his Golden Age self, singing Kalmar and Ruby's "Go West Young Man" with a corral of lovely cowgirl chorines. (In The Marx Brothers Encyclopedia, Glenn Mitchell tags this scene as the old Groucho rescuing the new in a time of need.) Of course Miranda's big stagy presence also gets showcase song-and-dance numbers, which makes Copacabana worth a look if only to see where decades' worth of Carmen Miranda references, from Bugs Bunny to Radio Days, come from.
Before production started, Groucho wrote to his daughter Miriam: "I am sure it will be one of the worst movies of the new season." Then afterward he quipped: "For the first time in my film career, I appeared without my brothers. They must have known something I didn't.... I seemed to be playing second banana to the tropical fruit on Carmen Miranda's hat." The good news is that he hit his second career peak just a few years later as the quick-witted, ribald host of You Bet Your Life.
* * *
Artisan's DVD edition of Copacabana is, thankfully, the black-and-white original rather than Ted Turner's colorized version. In its original 1.33:1, the image is occasionally grainy but clean with fine, clear audio that's said to be 2.0 Stereo Surround, but you'd never know it. Keep-case.
Mark Bourne
Back to Quick Reviews Index:
[A-F]
[G-L]
[M-R]
[S-Z]
Back to Main PageSaturday, May 23, 2015 @ 12:00 PM
Homage Harvest Table
Spicers Hidden Vale presents the 'Homage Harvest Table' as part of the Brisbane Good Food Month. Join us for a long lunch on Saturday 23 May where lunch will be served on a long table in the fresh market garden with a side of live Jazz.
Chef Ash Martin and his team will spend the week travelling the region collecting produce and foraging from Spicers Hidden Vale's 12,000 acre property to bring you a tasting menu fresher and more vibrant than any other.
Prices are $95 per person and include a glass of wine on arrival.
To book, phone Spicers Hidden Vale on 1300 179 340.
Tuesday, May 26, 2015 @ 6:00 PM
Peak TEST KITCHEN
Join our Chefs at The Peak for a night of indulgence as they experiment with new dishes in an intimate and fun atmosphere. Indulge as we push boundaries to create new taste sensations that will send your palate soaring. Come and give your feedback in this relaxed and fun environment with our chefs.
Price is $100pp for a 7 course degustation at a shared long table.
Bed and breakfast is available for $350 per suite twin share for the night.
Saturday, June 6, 2015 @ 1:00 PM
Kate Miller-Heidke Live at Spicers Tamarind Retreat
Experience a truly intimate concert performance by one of Australia’s most unique music talents live in our natural rainforest amphitheatre. Kate Miller-Heidke is an award-winning artist whose songs seamlessly fuse contemporary music with her classically trained background. To book your tickets call 1300 583 312 or click here
Thursday, June 11, 2015 @ 6:30 PM
Chefs in the City - Sam Hardinge
JUNE 11 – SANGOMA
SPICERS SANGOMA RETREAT | SAM HARDINGE
Savour an extraordinary evening of fine dining, as award-winning head chefs from six of our luxury retreats bring their unique approach and favourite regional flavours to the city.
Join us for four courses of the finest regional cuisine with matched wines when our popular Chefs in the City dining events return to Spicers Balfour Hotel in New Farm.
Our newest dining experience comes direct from the Blue Mountains. Enjoy Middle Eastern inspired cuisine masterfully prepared from the freshest organic and seasonal produce.
Chefs in the City Single Event Prices
$85 per person for a 4 Course Dinner
$140 per person for a 4 Course Dinner with matched wines
Reserve your Place
Places are strictly limited and bookings are essential. To reserve your place, call 1300 597 540 today. Stay tuned for more dates over the coming months.
Saturday, June 27, 2015 @ 12:30 PM
Winemakers Luncheon
Hunter Valley Food and Wine Month "Winemakers Table Series" - Spicers Vineyards Estate
Hunter Valley Wine and Food Month is a much anticipated annual event showcasing the region's diverse wine and food culture with a month long series of themed activities throughout June. Spicers Vineyards Estate's Restaurant Botanica is hosting an intimate winemaker’s luncheon with Tyrrell’s to bring you a sumptuous seasonal menu paired to award winning wines. Intimate in style, you will have the opportunity to ask questions of the winemakers and indulge in their passion and knowledge of Australia’s oldest wine region.
This event will be hosted on Sat 13th and 27th June 2015, bookings are essential.
Sunday, July 5, 2015 @ 12:30 PM
Eat Local Week: The Peak
Spicers Peak Lodge is supporting Eat Local Week; a showcase of the people and produce of the Scenic Rim. Visitors and Scenic Rim locals are invited to consider their food and wine choices and recognise the vast array of products available on their doorstep.
We'll be taking guests on a long lunch journey, spotlighting our use of produce from the local region. This is a relaxed and fun afternoon that includes share plates around the long table.
Lunch is $75 per person and local wine/beer is available on consumption.
Bed and breakfast is available for $350 per suite twin share for the night.
Saturday, July 11, 2015 @ 8:00 AM
Giant 3Plus3
Enjoyed by over 550 riders in July 2014, this popular race format makes a return.
Staged at the ‘Epic’ Hidden Vale Adventure Park, 11th-12th July, the 3PLUS3 consists of 2, 3hr races over 2 days.
To find out more and enter, visit the Giant 3Plus3 event website.
Sunday, July 12, 2015 @ 6:00 PM
Peak Collaborative Dinner
Brisbane Good Food Month showcases the best Brisbane and regional restaurants, cafes, bars and producers. As a part of this month, Spicers Peak lodge is teaming with 2 highly respected industry leaders as they present a 6 course indulgent degustation with paired wines on the mountaintop - "Omakase Dinner - "I'll Leave it to You"
Peak Lodge's Executive Chef Doug Innes-Will teams with Guest Chef Darren Purchese to present a 6 course indulgent degustation, with expertly matched wines by Chilean Guest Sommelier David Stevens-Castro.
Darren Purchese, a natural host and speaker, is an author and regular on TV especially Masterchef Australia and is the “go to guy” for comment on sweet trends locally and around the world. He is one of most respected pastry chefs working in Australia today, renowned for his exquisite and extravagant sweet creations skilfully balancing flavours, texture and kitchen wizardry to produce revolutionary dessert concepts.
David Stevens-Castro is a highly regarded wine expert originally from Chile, with a Degree in Agricultural Science specialising in fruit and wine production. He was born into a family deeply involved with wine, and inherited an incredible passion for wine from a young age.
Join us for dinner at$195pp or $250pp with matching wines
Bed and breakfast is available from $499 per night twin share
Welcome to the Muppet Central Forum!
You are viewing our forum as a guest. Join our free community to post topics and start private conversations. Please contact us if you need help with registration or your account login.
The MuppetCast - Show #65 - But Mostly America
Discussion in 'On the Web' started by stephenjlizard, Jul 9, 2008.
Page 2 of 2
<!—Start Adsense -->
Page 2 of 2- Realplayer plugin Start but doesn't show anything.. HELP!!!
- SMP3
- stellarium
- how to play cd audio in knoppix live cd?
- Odd xmms problem
- UT2K4 & VOIP
- Konica E-mini M. Help needed.
- playing sound through the mobo speakers
- Movie editor
- Parallel Sound Troubles
- Instruction for Cdrdao
- OpenGL library for UT2004
- Question about Cedega
- Efficient concatenation in Python?
- unmount dvd problem..
- filesharing - music...
- What are some good music mixing software to get?
- help on copying VCD in FC-3
- Linux and latentcy over MIDI cable
- Wine and NVIDIA
- DVD editing
- growisofs I/O error with dvd+rw
- dmix fails to work with SB128
- cdrecord
- ALSA works fine - except the volume-controls
- video recording from webcam
- WMV viewing codec erros and mms:// links, what can I do to fix or update these?
- NVIDIA Driver problems?
- games
- Preferences in Video Editing Software?
- Counterstrike Source using Cedega 4.4.1-1
- A video encoding program?
- WMA's on linux
- ALSA gives me static....
- Sound
- ati radeon 9800 pro drivers
- OGG/MP3 player
- WavPack
- looping sound on websites
- Sound problems...
- Cinelerra compile/installation advice/help?
- DVDs clipping
- Totem plugin for Firefox does not work at all
- Battlefield 1942 and vietnam on steroids
- video converter
- 3D Modeler
- Installing JDOOM
- Playing mp4's (iTunes bought music)
- multiplayer/network games
- WoW Freezes Only When Trying to Log Into Existing Character, Works Fine WhenCreating a New Character
- how to change splash image in kde
- Configuring Sound
- KDE kills sound
- converting mov to mpeg
- truevision error?
- Installing OpenAL
- Comparing Windows and Linux as a Media center
- Quake 4 Sound issues
- File not found: 'frameno.avi' when using mencoder
- cedega and fullscreen mode
- Can't Play Mp3's
- Gaming 3D Engine
- Garbled Stepmania Sound
- ut crashes on start
- doom 3 sound problem
- mplex dvdstyler help
- FMV Program
- how to install midi drivers?
- flash directer .... quicktime
- xmms stops playing after a certain time.
- Battletech
- 3D Acceleration with ATI
- win32 codecs and xmms
- Game ports
- consolesTo make reservations by phone, call 1-800-228-9290 in the USA and Canada (or any of our worldwide reservation telephone numbers).
Sunny
Clear
Let those in the know show you around town
The smartest, easiest way to create a personalized activity schedule
The what, when and where on local happenings, special events and more
Bobby Jones Golf Course is an 18 hole public golf course that rests in the heart of Buckhead and just ten minutes from midtown Atlanta.
Phone: +1-404-355-1009
Phone: +1-770-465-3278.Patterned Fall Tights.
Miles of Style Tights in Plus Size$17.99Price: $17.99
Description
Some things never change, and a fashionistas need for a great pair of opaque black tights is one of them. From the office to officially-amazing parties, this luxe, matte pair from Pretty Polly is finished with stretch for a comfort thats as reliable as your ability to find fun patterns, ...This is the phone that hit the market with Android 1.6 for some reason. Well, a little more than a month ago, I posted that the Xperia X10 was getting 2.1 soon. The update has finally started to roll, but slowly.
According to Sony-Ericcson’s blog, they are rolling the update out in batches to avoid affect the quality of the networks. Wait? You have to do the update on the PC, why would cell network quality be a concern? will this update provide, besides Android 2.1’s core features?
- HD video recording with continuous auto-focus for high quality videos
- Upgrade of the Android platform to Android 2.1
- New back up and restore application, with extended content back up
- 5 homescreens for apps, widgets, shortcuts and folder
- Social phonebook which automatically syncs contact pictures from Facebook and shows when your friends are online
I am personally still waiting to update my white Xperia X10. You can track Sony-Ericcson’s blog to see when yours has the update ready. They are updating the blog with the SI numbers that are ready daily.
oh, goe’shi’
I got my Update middle of last week in the UK and mine is unlocked currently running t-mobile. the update was totally worth the wait tho ive got to say. The phone feels and looks so much better. ‘HARD EARNED’ reputation built by those who managed the corp in the past. To compare…. Apple have way better sound quality in the music devices….. and lots of other small ‘less.OH yeah ,,,and also if you’re a gamer…. you sure will hate this phone…. it so slow in response.BW News
School of Education Pilots Co-Teaching Model
A new approach to student teaching, inspired by a statewide call to action for educators, is aimed at increasing the value of the experience for teachers in training, their mentors and students.
Alumnus Pledges Largest Gift in BW History
Trustee, Stephen Boesel ’68, pledges $15 million—the largest gift in BW history—to advance the study of business at BW through scholarships, faculty support and more; plus additional strategic initiatives....- Starring: Jason Carter, Jeff Conaway, Jerry Doyle
- Summary: AfterAfter!… Collapse
- Genre(s): Comedy
- Season 3 premiere date: Sep 12, 1978
- Episode Length: 30
- Air Time: 08:00 PM
- More Details and Credits »
Score distribution:
- Positive: 0 out of
- Mixed: 0 out of
- Negative: 0 out of. I pretty much always have vanilla yogurt in the fridge so I thought I would attempt to make frozen yogurt with my apricots. The natural tang from the apricots mixed with the yogurt made for a pretty tangy dessert, but my kids LOVED it. Any fruit would be great in this recipe with the sugar adjusted to the sweetness of the fruit. I can’t wait to try strawberries and if only I had some blackberries. A refreshing treat to cool you down, it doesn’t get any easier than this!
- 8 fresh apricots, peeled, halved and seed removed
- ½ cup sugar
- 1 teaspoon lemon juice
- 2½ cups vanilla yogurt
- Add apricots, sugar and lemon juice into a food processor or blender. Process until smooth, about 45 seconds to 1 minute. Add yogurt and process until all is combined, about 30 seconds. Pour into ice cream freezer and follow directions. Serve immediately or store in covered container until ready to serve.Location: The motto of the hotel authority of Monarch Safari Park Hotel in Ooty is to provide comfort in simple version. Among the other facilities the hotel is also known to provide round-the-clock room service to the guests.
Area: Ooty
How to Reach: OotyDiscription: This summer donot think twice before making your reservations in Ooty, the place to be away from the heat and dust of the city. The most coveted holiday starts with your contact with the unspoiled nature, lush green hills, cascading waterfalls and sparkling brooks which are just the beginning. While you are in Ooty why not check out the Botanical Garden of Ooty, Dodabetta Peak, Lambs Rock and the Ooty Lake.
Hello, my name is David Fallside, and I will be chairing the XML Protocol Working Group. I've been involved with the W3C for a couple of years now: First as IBM's rep to the XML WG as it morphed from a single entity into today's multiple, and parallel XML WGs, and most recently as IBM's rep to the AC and XML Schema. I am the author/editor of XML Schema Part 0: Primer. Within IBM, I co-ordinate a number of XML standards activities, especially those involving W3C. Previously in IBM I have worked on various internet/web projects, e.g. HTML web tools for VisualAge and Net.Data, in an ad-tech group, and also in the data management area. I look forward to working with you all and to the success of XML Protocol. David ............................................ David C. Fallside, IBM Ext Ph: 530.477.7169 Int Ph: 544.9665 fallside@us.ibm.comReceived on Tuesday, 26 September 2000 17:02:55 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 22:01:10 UTCArchive for Thursday, April 13, 2006
Small-town values of De Soto part of springtime walk and the pursuit of summer recreation. sidewalk and trails to discover once again what an interesting town De Soto can be.
Downtown, a stroller might notice just how eclectic that business section is with its goat supply business, Model A garage, coffee shop, Italian import business, and the Snowden's barbershop -- preserved as if frozen in a Norman Rockwell painting.
Enjoy the ever-growing trail system, which with the Johnson County Parks and Recreation's cooperation will soon include a link from Lexington Avenue to Kill Creek Streamway Park, and the gem that is Miller Park. Discover what the town's kids know -- they are a web that knits the town together.
Much is made of small-town atmosphere and what it means. Surely, safely strolling a community's walkways would be part of that definition.
Commenting has been disabled for this item.Newham
Day Nurseries in Canning Town
Canning Town, Newham
Location:
The Hub,
Eastlea Community Resource Centre,
123 Star Lane,
E16
Monday - Friday from 8am to 6pm
From 3 months to 5 years
We advise that you ring before planning a visit to check all these details are up to date.
Be the first to review / rate Foundation For Learning - The Hub Nursery.
Asquith Nannies
asquithnannies.co.uk
A new approach to
childcare combining
Nannies and Nursery Foundation For Learning - The Hub Nursery.F1 Driver Review: Nico Hulkenberg
Dec 18, 2013, 10:15.
Finishing 10th among the drivers but nonetheless earning lots of respect in 2013 was Nico Hulkenberg…
NICO HULKENBERG
No. 11 Sauber-Ferrari
2013 Stats: 10th Place, 0 Wins, 0 Podiums, 2 Top-5s, 10 Top-10s, 8 Laps Led
Average Start: 9.6
Average Finish: 10.7
DNFs: 3
DiZinno says: I don’t think Hulkenberg plans to put together his best run of races in the second half, on the free agent market, every year, but that’s been the career trajectory for the talented German. In 2010 with Williams, 2012 with Force India and now 2013 with Sauber, all of Hulkenberg’s best efforts have come after the summer break, coupled with car upgrades that have allowed him to overcompensate for midfield machinery better than most in the field. Korea’s fourth place was the ultimate highlight among many others both in qualifying and the races. Alas, call it another case of “too little, too late” when it came to grabbing a top-flight seat. Or maybe that should be “too little money” given who he lost out on the Lotus seat…
Estrada says: Held back by a middling C32 in the first half of the season, Hulkenberg was still able to knock out four finishes in the points before Sauber brought its upgrades for the Hungarian Grand Prix. Two races later at Monza, everything finally came together for the Hulk and his Swiss-based team as he qualified a superb third and held on to a fifth-place result on race day – a fantastic result out of a car that had been so-so at best. The performance stayed solid for the remainder of the year, which also saw Hulkenberg deliver a fourth-place finish in Korea. But despite his heroics (and smoking rookie teammate Esteban Gutierrez), he couldn’t attract a top-flight ride and will have to once again try and elevate a mid-field squad next year at Force IndNews & Events keep updated NewsEvents elcomCMS is recognized in the Gartner MQ 2012 report for the 3rd consecutive year. Gartner lists elcomCMS in the recently released Magic Quadrant for Web Content Management (WCM) 2012 report. New York, USA –October 17th 2012 - elcomCMS a leading .NET enterprise web content management system, has been listed in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Web Content Management (WCM) report for the 3rd consecutive year. elcomCMS is a modular platform, designed from the ground up to assist mid to enterprise sized organizations achieve their online and digital business objectives. Users around the world benefit from elcomCMS’ flexible, scalable, business centered and of course, modular design. Clients include: Hyundai, Target Australia, Lego Club, Austrade, Kia, VW, Kaiser Permanente. As part of the review and inclusion process, Gartner’s Analysts take into account the vendor's current offerings and overall strategies, as well as their future initiatives and product road map. Other criteria taken into consideration include: how well vendors are driving market changes and how they are adapting to changing market requirements. John Anstey, Elcom’s CEO, commenting on the inclusion “The repeated listing provides affirmation of elcomCMS’ growing success in the web content management market place and rapid traction in North America. To support our West Coast partners and customers, we have recently expanded from New York to open a new office in San Francisco, California.” Anthony Milner, Elcom’s Product Director added “We launched elcomCMS version 8 in July. The new version includes a number of great new features and a brand new user interface. The launch was met with excitement and triggered a lot of interest, particularly in the social intranet space. Organizations are looking at elcomCMS to fulfill their web content management requirements. They want an integrated approach, coupled with fantastic support and service – and we can deliver this. This is the key to our success.” To find out more on-premise, hosted, Software as a Service in the cloud. Established in 1996 in Sydney, Australia, and with multiple offices in the USA, Elcom is a Microsoft Gold partner with more than 1,000 successful customer implementations around the world. Find out moreAdapted from the comic book of the same name written by Mark Millar, and under the direction of British filmmaker Matthew Vaughn, Kick-Ass quite simply kicks ass. While this particular analogy may seem lazy and obvious, it's appropriate. Relentlessly audacious, hilarious, gloriously violent, gleefully un-PC and electrifyingly entertaining, Kick-Ass is a refreshing, decidedly adult take on the stale comic-book superhero genre that works on practically every level.
As with most stories of this ilk, the movie concerns an average teenager: Dave Lizewski (Aaron Johnson). However, Kick-Ass doesn't take place within either the Marvel or the DC comics universe. Instead, it takes place in our universe, where Spider-Man and Batman are seen in comic books and motion pictures. Fed up with being bullied at school and mugged on the street, Dave decides to become a real-life superhero, despite possessing no special abilities or strengths. To achieve his goal, Dave buys scuba suit and uses it as the costume for his crime-fighting alter ego, Kick-Ass. Soon, a bystander records Kick-Ass attempting to fight off some thugs and posts the clip on YouTube, which rapidly becomes an internet sensation. His raised profile brings him to the attention of two legitimate crime-fighting heroes: the father-daughter team of Big Daddy (Nicolas Cage) and Hit Girl (Chloë Grace Moretz), who are currently waging war against crime boss Frank D'Amico (Mark Strong).
On the one hand, Kick-Ass is a satire of superhero movies like Spider-Man and Iron Man, with the filmmakers gleefully taking the piss out of the established clichés of the genre and subverting the traditional story beats with a painful dose of reality. For instance Dave's hilariously botched first outing as a superhero ends with him in the hospital bleeding and naked, leading to rumours among his classmates that he's gay, which ironically leads to him becoming closer to the girl of his dreams. However, while the film is essentially a comedy, it still works as a straight action-adventure since the bad guys are sinister and the violence is hard-hitting. Kick-Ass benefits from a sublime script penned by Vaughn and frequent collaborator Jane Goldman. The dialogue crackles with intelligence and wit - whenever Dave hangs out with his two best friends, the one-liners come thick and fast. Dave's interactions with Big Daddy and Hit Girl, meanwhile, are hilarious. The first half is admittedly not as well-paced as the rollicking second half, but it plays better with repeat viewings.
Kick-Ass may be Vaughn's third directorial endeavour, but he steers this material like a veteran, handling wild tonal shifts with impressive control and marshalling a string of incredible action set-pieces as if he was the bastard son of John Woo and Tony Scott. The final act certainly stands as the film's most action-heavy portion, and offers a terrific pay-off for audiences waiting to see the heroes to be let off the chain. The standout is a strobe-light shootout which nails the video-game aesthetic more perfectly than any other movie to date. It's possibly 2010's best action scene, as it's both emotionally powerful and viscerally exciting. In addition, Kick-Ass is aided immensely by the comics-inspired production design and the slick cinematography that suggests a much higher budget. Yet another great aspect of the film is the use of music. It's clear from the brilliant use of music in Vaughn's prior movies that the director knows how to select tracks for his films. He's a very careful filmmaker, as evidenced by the fact that Kick-Ass has four credited composers in addition to a featuring slew of music from other artists. Ennio Morricone's theme from For a Few Dollars More is even given a workout, as does the 28 Days Later theme. Hit Girl also slaughters a bunch of guys to the theme of the Banana Splits, and Kick-Ass massacres goons with gatling guns to the tune of Hallelujah. It's great stuff.
British television actor Aaron Johnson is ideal as Dave Lizewski - he possesses a likeable quality which serves the character well. However it's the young Moretz who steals the show here. Moretz is already an established actress, but this will no doubt be her breakout role. Her performance as Hit Girl is absolutely dead-on - she's cute, hilarious, and awesome. Like all the best screen action heroes, she is able to make the act of firing and reloading guns look effortlessly cool and graceful, and in turn the film's climactic shootout is one of the most exciting and exhilarating instances of over-the-top cinematic gunplay since Shoot 'Em Up. The biggest surprise here is Nic Cage, who's a thorough delight. This is Cage's best screen outing for years as the nerdy, obsessive father to Hit Girl, lovingly aping Adam West in a mock-Batman outfit. Christopher Mintz-Plasse also acquits himself well with the role of Chris/Red Mist, demonstrating spot-on comic timing and an amusing deadpan delivery. Another notable performer is Strong, playing his second consecutive bad guy after Guy Ritchie's Sherlock Holmes. As usual, Strong is a solid villain.
Hollywood studios refused to fund Kick-Ass, compelling Vaughn to go outside the system and get the film made by himself. Fortunately for Vaughn (and us), he had enough wealthy pals on his side (Brad Pitt is credited as a producer) to get proper funding and bring Kick-Ass to cinema screens. With an indie approach, Vaughn had the freedom to craft an irreverent, boldly R-rated comic-book flick not burdened by the requirement to pander to toy manufacturers or fast food chains. A little 11-year-old girl in a superhero costume may seem cute, but a little 11-year-old girl in a superhero costume who brutally kills people and drops c-bombs? Not so much. All too predictably, controversy has been stirred up over the character of Hit Girl, whose violent and profanity-laced antics have interpreted by some as advocating violence to young viewers. This is, of course, utter nonsense. The film carries an R rating in America and a restricted rating in other major countries, why would young tweens be seeing this movie in the first place? Plus, those who loathe the film because of the content with Hit Girl are missing the point completely. Kick-Ass is just a fun, humorous, cartoonish ride not meant to be taken seriously, so stop being so uptight!
These days, comic book adaptations are no longer fun, with The Dark Knight and its imitators favouring a dour, gritty approach. Kick-Ass returns the fun element to the genre, showing that you can have some thematic complexity without making the experience a drag. With director Vaughn delivering one rollicking, raucous set-piece after another, Kick-Ass expertly blends side-splitting tongue-in-cheek humour with bone-shattering action, resulting in an endlessly entertaining and breathtaking slice of entertainment. It's to superhero movies what Shaun of the Dead is to zombie movies.
9.1/10
People who voted for this also voted for
Excellent review, again.A series of murders involving British nationals in Kenya in recent weeks has raised concerns over whether conditions in the east African country are deteriorating again. The British Foreign Office has warned Britons to be mindful of increased risks in Kenya.
These most recent slayings resulted from botched robberies and, in two instances, the victims were former members of the British military – Lt. Col. David Parkinson and Col. Edward Loden. Kenya is a popular destination for British travelers, attracting more than 200,000 visitors each year. Crime rates, however, are very high.
A memorial for Parkinson this month brought renewed attention to these crimes, as he was a popular and well-liked member of the expatriate community in Northern Kenya. Parkinson worked on nature reserves, including the one where Prince William proposed to Kate Middleton, and was active in supporting refugees displaced during the turmoil of the disputed 2007 elections, which led to more than 1,000 deaths. Two weeks ago, he was hacked to death with machetes at his home outside Nairobi. Parkinson’s widow has called for the gang responsible for her husband’s murder to be brought to justice. In addition to his computer and cellphone, the attackers made off with only the few dollars that Parkinson had on him at the time.
Shortly after Parkinson’s death, Loden, who was visiting his son in Kenya, was shot by a group of burglars who forced their way into the family compound in Nairobi and made away with jewelry and money. His son Jamie, who also served in the same British army regiment as his father and Parkinson, works for Barclays Bank.
Kenya wrestles with tensions stemming from deep internal divisions. Notably, the Kenyan government this week withdrew from the International Criminal Court in protest of charges being brought against both President Uhuru Kenyatta and Deputy President William Ruto, involving crimes against humanity and other offenses related to inter-tribal violence following the 2007 election. Opponents in 2007, Kenyatta and Ruto were successful allies in this year’s election, although Kenyatta only won re-election by a very slim margin.
As is often the case with contemporary Africa, rhetoric and propaganda share center stage with serious questions over accountability and commitment to democratic values. Allegations of racism and neocolonialism are being bandied about by supporters of Kenyatta and Ruto, since the ICC’s focus to date has been primarily on African leaders. Notably, though, when President Barack Obama toured Africa earlier this year, he made a point of avoiding the country of his father’s birth, causing great embarrassment to Kenya and to President Kenyatta. Obama’s snub was meant to convey a message about the seriousness of the allegations from the ICC and the failure of the government in Nairobi to adequately respond to the charges.
Africa faces massive challenges in the 21st century. Many of these stem from the colonial period in the 19th century, multiplied by the copious errors and omissions of the 20th century. However, there is still ample room to criticize a series of modern leaders who have failed to take adequate steps to institutionalize democracy, rule of law and civil society.
It would be a grave mistake, though, to write off Africa. Despite the obstacles they currently face, these countries, including Kenya, still have vast potential. But, in the face of American indifference, China is taking the opportunity to invest both time and money to strengthen its relationships on the continent. The difficult question for the United States and Europe is whether, given the strong historical ties that the West has to Africa, they are willing to make Africa a priority in the near term, rather than just a vague charitable endeavor in the medium-to-long term.
The connection that Britain still has to Kenya is tangible and real. With sufficient attention and priority, these historical and cultural ties could be harnessed by Kenyans to assist them in overcoming their various challenges. The recent killings, however, risk driving these countries further apart.
For a cautionary tale of what happens to an African country that categorically rejects the international community and recedes into its own insular cocoon, one needs look no further than Zimbabwe. Contrary to the thumping speeches of Robert Mugabe, targeting white settlers for escalating violence has not proven to be a sure-fire recipe for Zimbabwe’s fast-track development.
Kenya’s great potential should not be further postponed by allowing it to descend again into a downward spiral of violence. All Kenyans deserve better..X20 vs X100s @23mm
Started Mar 21, 2013 | Questions thread
Fuji XE-1 Check
Fuji 18-55 2.8-4 Check
Question(s) of the week:
Given the rather large initial price difference between the X100S and the X20, other than the APS-C sensor, does the X100S have any significant low-light/speed advantage over the X20?
In addition, does the X100S have any (presumed) advantage over the forthcoming Fuji 23mm F1.4?
One or the other will be purchased as a back-up for the XE-1 and used primarily street shooting.
Thanks!
PLSrnr's gear list:PLSrnr's gear list
ANSWER:
This question has not been answered yet.This surprise concerns one of my favorite television series: Blackadder. The names of Blackadder, Darling, Lieutenant George and Baldrick will be familiar to many people, thanks to the BBC’s Blackadder series. But they may be surprised to learn that the characters, originally invented by Richard Curtis and Rowan Atkinson, really did exist. Specialist military genealogy website Forces War Records has the proof.
After coming across a Captain Blackadder while uploading records to a database, the staff at set about uncovering other servicemen who shared names with the fictional stars of Blackadder Goes Forth.
Details may be found at.
Recent CommentsDefinition of Asp
1. Noun. Of southern Europe; similar to but smaller than the adder.
Generic synonyms: Viper
Group relationships: Genus Vipera, Vipera
2. Noun. Cobra used by the Pharaohs as a symbol of their power over life and death.
Group relationships: Genus Naja, Naja
Generic synonyms: Cobra
Definition of Asp
1. n. Same as Aspen.
2..
Definition of Asp
1. Initialism. Active Server Pages ¹
2. Initialism. Application Service Provider ¹
3. Acronym. An extensible baton, used by police and security officers. From the name of the manufacturer: Amalgamated Security Products. ¹
4. Noun. (archaic) A water snake. ¹
5. Noun. A venomous viper native to southwestern Europe (''Vipera aspis''). ¹
6. Noun. The Egyptian cobra (''Naja haje'') ¹
7. Noun. A type of European fish (''Aspius aspius''). ¹
¹ Source: wiktionary.com
Definition of Asp
1. a venomous snake [n -S]
Medical Definition of Asp
1.
Asp Pictures
Click the following link to bring up a new window with an automated collection of images related to the term: Asp ImagesWelcome to biology-online.org! Please login to access all site features. Create account.
Log me on automatically each visit
Edit page |
Page history |
Printable version
Helds decussation
The crossing of some of the fibres arising from the cochlear nuclei to form the lateral lemniscus.
Please contribute to this project, if you have more information about this term feel free to edit this page
This page was last modified on 3 October 2005, at 21:16. This page has been accessed 1,692 times. What links here
| Related changes
| Permanent link
Register | Login
| About Us | Contact Us | Link to Us | Disclaimer & Privacy | Powered by CASPIONGirl who claimed three men attacked her admits story was hoax
SANDY, Ore. – A 16-year-old girl who told Sandy police that three men attacked her while she was riding her boyfriend's bicycle last month admitted her story was a hoax, police said Tuesday.
The girl said the men attacked her on the night of June 29. Sandy Police Officer Sam Craven said police could not find any evidence to support her story at the time.
Officers found the bike the next day with a flat tire and damage to the front wheel, but there was no blood at the scene or on the bike, Craven said.
Police interviewed the girl again on July 11. According to Craven, she admitted that there was no attack and she was injured in a bicycle crash.
She told police she was drinking with her boyfriend when his dog escaped and they went outside to look for it. She took his bike and began riding, but did not realize the bike didn’t have working brakes. Police said she picked up speed going downhill on Cascadia Village Drive and couldn’t use her feet to stop because she wasn’t wearing shoes.
The girl didn’t remember the crash, police said. She told police she’d been attacked because her boyfriend asked her if someone assaulted her when he found her injured in the street and “she began to think that was what happened.”
Craven said the truth came back to her while she was recovering in the hospital.
No one will be charged with a crime, Craven said.
A note to users about commenting changesMaplandia.com in partnership with Booking.com offers highly competitive rates for all types of hotels in Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes, from affordable family hotels to the most luxurious ones. Booking.com, being established in 1996, is longtime Europe’s leader in online hotel reservations. See the overview of Saint-Laurent-des-V-Laurent-des-Vignes, only hotels with the highest level of guest satisfaction are included. Many photos and unbiased hotel reviews written by real guests are provided to help you make your booking decision. Luxury hotels (including 5 star hotels and 4 star hotels) and cheap Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes hotels (with best discount rates and up-to-date hotel deals) are both available in separate lists.
With Maplandia.com and Booking.com the best price is guaranteed! Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes hotel deals include also long stay accommodation Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes offers. Take advantage of our exclusive offers and long stay discounts for selected Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes hotels' suites.
Unbiased Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes hotel reviews written by real guests and many hotel photos are provided to help you make your booking decision.
Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes is located in Bergerac, Dordogne, Aquitaine, France.
List of all hotels in Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes. By default, Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes hotels are sorted by class: the most luxurious hotels in Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes are listed first. You can change the sorting order using the navigation bar above. By clicking the first (leftmost) button you can interchange the direction of sorting between ascending/descending.
There are separate sections devoted to Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes luxury hotels and Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes cheap hotels.
Alecia Hotel is a charming country hotel set just 10 minutes from downtown and 6 km from Bergerac Airport Bergerac Roumanière. The nine rooms have been renovated and equipped with all modern conveniences. Number of rooms: 9.
Etap Hotel Bergerac is located in the heart of Périgord and just minutes from downtown. The Etap hotel has 69 rooms, all air conditioned and well equipped with TV and WI FI.
The hotel Campanile Bergerac welcomes you to the region of Aquitaine, with its country houses, castles and vineyards. Bergerac is a city full of tradition, history, charm and prestige, also famous for its wines and tourist activities.
Hotel Kyriad Bergerac offers the perfect balance between value and comfort. The hotel is situated on the route to Bordeaux, near Bergerac. As an independent part of our regional Kyriad we have managed to retain charm.
The 18th century castle Chateau Le Barradis located on an area of 8 hectares with a swimming pool. It overlooks Bergerac and the Dordogne valley. It features spacious and individually decorated suites with stone or marble bathroom.
Located 5 km south of Bergerac, this bed and breakfast is surrounded by vineyards and organizes wine tastings. It also has an outdoor swimming pool with massage jets in the flower garden.
Ver.
We search over 500 approved car hire suppliers to find you the very best Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes rental prices available. You can compare offers from leading car hire suppliers like Avis, Europcar, Sixt or Thrifty as well as budget rental deals from Holiday Autos, Budget, Economy, EasyCar, or 121 carhire. Choose Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes car hire supplier according to your preferences. The booking process is secured and is made as simple as possible. You don't have to browse through several websites and compare prices to find cheap car hire at Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes - we will do it for you!
In the following list, car rental offices nearest to Saint-Laurent-des-Vignes are sorted by the approximate distance from thi city centre.
Maplandia.com is not sponsored by or affiliated with Google.
Copyright © 2005 maplandia.com. All rights reserved. | news | faq | contact us | RSS | XHTML & CSSSurvey shows IT professionals are happier working in Wellington, and better paid
Wellington.Scoop
The New Zealand Herald has reported that IT professionals are happier working in Wellington than in Auckland.
Auckland IT professionals are ten per cent more likely to head overseas for a more lucrative job offer than their Wellington counterparts, the Herald reports, quoting the Wellington Market Insight report by recruitment firm Absolute IT.
The research suggests that higher pay in Wellington is helping to retain talent.
IT workers in Wellington are offered base salaries worth, on average, $5000 to $10,000 more than those in other areas, the report says.
But Absolute IT director Grant Burley said it’s not just pay that’s helping to stop Wellington IT workers from jumping on a plane. “Wellington ICT professionals are part of a well-networked community where culture and team fit are highly valued, ideals which are reflected in how happy Wellington ICT professionals are at work.”
The Herald tells its readers that some of the country’s biggest and fastest-growing technology firms have their headquarters in the capital, including cloud-based accounting software company Xero, IT services provider Fronde and online auction website Trade Me.
It says over 70 per cent of Wellington private sector IT employers are planning to take on new staff this year, while 69 per cent of public sector employers are planning to recruit IT workers.
Good news for hi-tech businesses in the capital and the places their workers will spend their money. Interesting it’s reported in The Herald, not the Dom!
The survey was on whether people in AKL or WGTN were more likely to leave the country, for Aus.
Somehow that has been spun out into a shining picture of ICT in Wellington when it is anything but.
Gen-I and Telecom are shedding hundreds of ICT workers, dozens a week at the moment. HP have just finished nearly a year of cuts. Dozens of ICT workers have been chopped out of Government departments. Other large multinationals in the city have been steadily reducing ICT staff.
In the past three years I can count about 15 colleagues that have moved to Australia after being made redundant or just not having the opportunities in New Zealand.
There are hundreds of ICT workers sitting on the beach here at the moment looking for work, its the worst I have seen it since 1999.
Ian. I think you’re wrong when you say the survey was about people rather than ICT people. It was carried out by Absolute IT and canvassed 240 employers and 1400 IT professionals in Wellington. It also reports that 69/70 per cent of Wellington employers are planning to take on new IT staff this year.
Thanks Lindsay,
Doesn’t change the facts that I’ve outlined here at all.
The recruitment surveys are notoriously unreliable as you’ll see from other online blogs and posts about the same.Click on a thumbnail to go to Google Books.
To Have and To Code by Debora Geary
None.
Sign up for LibraryThing to find out whether you'll like this book.
No current Talk conversations about this book.
» See also 1 mention
» Add other authors
References to this work on external resources.
None
No descriptions found.
No library descriptions found.
Debora Geary is a LibraryThing Author, an author who lists their personal library on LibraryThing.
profile page | author page
An edition of this book was published by Audible.com.
See editionsFriday, April 29, 2011
PORTERDALE -- Package sales of alcoholic beverages on Sunday was a topic of discussion for the Porterdale City Council at its work session Thursday night.
Councilwoman Arline Chapman first broached the subject, saying that package sales on Sunday could be an economic benefit to the city.
Councilman Robert Foxworth agreed, but not all council members were of the same mind. Councilman Lowell Chambers asked if liquor stores are the kind of economic development the city wants to encourage. He pointed to the city's ordinances allowing wine bars and restaurant sales by the drink, saying the city has focused on more upscale developments than liquor stores.
"I see it as driving the town down, not up," Chambers said.
Chapman said that she believes the issue should be put on the ballot in November.
"The people will decide, but I think we should put it on the ballot," she said.
The General Assembly passed legislation in the 2011 session allowing local jurisdictions to hold referendums on retail package sales on Sunday.
A referendum won't be the only hurdle to clear in order to have package sales on Sunday in Porterdale, however. City ordinances require that a certain percentage of registered voters in the city must petition the City Council in order for a liquor store to be located in the city limits.
The council also discussed changing its on-premise consumption ordinance to allow by-the-drink sales of alcohol beginning at 11 a.m. on Sunday. The law currently allows Sunday sales to begin at 1 p.m. The change would accommodate Sunday brunch business in Porterdale restaurants.
The item will be placed on the City Council agenda for the Monday, May 2, regular meeting at 6:30 p.m. at City Hall.
More like this story
- Sunday sales goes to Porterdale voters ( July 15, 2011 )
- Sunday alcohol sales begin today; sales won't be allowed Christmas Day ( December 17, 2011 )
- Sunday alcohol sales begin today; sales won't be allowed Christmas Day ( December 17, 2011 )
- Referendum set on Sunday beer, wine sales ( July 29, 2011 )
- Porterdale eyes alcohol referendum ( May 10, 2011 )Dexter Filkins has an entirely depressing report about the complexities of life in Pashtunistan today. It’s the story of a warlord in Oruzgan province, which is just north of Kandahar, who is being paid by the US to provide security on the highway from Kandahar to Oruzgan. His private army also works in conjunction with US Special Forces to clear the area of Taliban. All right. If the government can’t do it and this guy can, I can live with that…except for this, which comes late in the piece:.
You know what comes next: the strong suspicion is that when Matiullah is not providing security for military convoys, he is providing security for drug convoys. This is why it’s so hard to get Hamid Karzai to “do the right thing” by replacing warlords like his half-brother with government officials who are clean and accountable: the warlords, as often as not, are on clandestine U.S. payrolls..:
- Chuck C Y Kwok & Solomon Tadesse, 2006. "National culture and financial systems," Journal of International Business Studies, Palgrave Macmillan, vol. 37(2), pages 227-247, March.
- Solomon Tadesse & Chuck Kwok, 2005. "National Culture and Financial Systems," William Davidson Institute Working Papers Series wp884, William Davidson Institute at the University of Michigan.
-.
- Florence Jaumotte & Piyaporn Sodsriwiboon, 2010. "Current Account Imbalances in the Southern Euro Area," IMF Working Papers 10/139, International Monetary Fund.
- Philip Lane & Gian Maria Milesi-Ferreti, 2005. "A Global Perspective on External Positions," Trinity Economics Papers tep16,.
-.
- Philip Lane & Gian Maria Milesi-Ferretti, 2005. "A Global Perspective on External Positions," The Institute for International Integration Studies Discussion Paper Series iiisdp079, II.
- Anders Aslund & Marek Dabrowski, 2008. "Challenges of Globalization: Imbalances and Growth," Peterson Institute Press: All Books, Peterson Institute for International Economics, number 4181, December.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:fip:fedlrv:y:2012:i:jan:p:1-20:n:v.94.They were there before?
Lawrence Taylor years?
ACC Football used to be the cream of the crop, no reason why it can't return there.
Having a top notch player doesnt make you cream of the crop. If that were the case NC State could have said the same with Phillip Rivers or Mario Williams. Before the influx of Florida St and Miami I believe the ACC had a whopping 2 national titles and one of those was a split with Colorado(Georgia Tech) IMO you have to have climbed the mountain before you can say weve been there. Not busting your chops, just my opinionStart ’em & Sit ’em Week 5
Fantasy Football – Seattle Seahawks Week 5 Predicctions
The Seattle Seahawks dropped close one last week – a 60 and a 58 yard field goal along with a faked field goal for a touchdown sunk this team.
On offense, it was Marshawn Lynch and only Marshawn Lynch – the rest of the offense was brutal.
The defense showed up big once again – no worries about this unit! So which Seahawk can you trust this week for your Fantasy squad?
Let`s take a look!
Seahawks Fantasy Forecast for Week 5
QB Russell Wilson
20 yards rushing – 150 yards passing, 1 TD
It’s been four games and this is about what he has averaged. It’s all that we can expect like it or not.
RB Marshawn Lynch
120 yards rushing, 1 TD 3 catches, 20 yards
No matter what – Marshawn Lynch is going to get his yards. He is getting 20 carries per game and is averaging 105 yards.
He is the offense for Seattle and has to be started for your Fantasy team against the league’s 25th ranked defense!
WR Sidney Rice
3 catches, 40 yards, 1 TD
Sidney Rice has been Seattle’s best receiver but that certainly isn’t saying much. He has been in the 30-50 yard range all season long – I’ll split it down the middle and say he gets 40 this week. I like him to catch Russell Wilson‘s only TD this week too.
He is a very, very borderline start this week except in the deepest of leagues.
WR Golden Tate
2 catches, 30 yards
Except for one game he hasn’t done anything. There is not a lot of passes to go around in Seattle – Golden Tate looks to be out in the cold!
WR Doug Baldwin
1 catch, 10 yards
Start Him! No matter what – Marshawn Lynch is going to get his yards
Like I said – there is not enough passes to go around!
TE Zach Miller
3 catches, 30 yards
Zach Miller seems to be a good option for the rookie quarterback. He should get his looks and may exceed the projection. I still wouldn’t come close to starting him in Fantasy though.
PK Steven Hauschka
1 FG 2 XP
Defense/ST
300 yards, 3 sacks, 1 interception, 1 fumble
The Seattle D isn’t quite as scary when they play on the road. Still, this unit is good enough to give Cam Newton and company fits.
They are start-able in any format for Fantasy.
If you picked the Seattle D before the season – congratulations.
CLICK HERE TO CHECK OUT THE SEAHAWKS PAGE IN OUR CLUBHOUSE SECTION!This YouTube clip of Pepperdine sophomore Keion Bell’s staged dunk at the Waves’ Blue & Orange Madness event — the first practice of the season, at midnight last Friday — has ridden a wave of media madness over the last couple of days.
First, the incidentals of the clip — the 6-foot-3 Bell leaps over five teammates, four of which are 6-2 and the other 6-1. That doesn’t necessarily speak well of the depth of this Waves’ team, but it effectively works in Bell’s favor here. A year ago, as a freshman, he leaped over three teammates to do a similiar move.
Pepperdine Sports Information Director Roger Horne says a school employee shot the video from Firestone Fieldhouse and loaded it up. Since then, it has been show on ESPN “SportsCenter” top plays (No. 2, on Wednesday), SI.com’s “Hot Clicks” (linked here), Dime Magazine online (linked here), Rivals.com (linked here, which includes another dunk Bell did at a Kobe Bryant camp at LMU before), and it was a headline story on the Yahoo! home page.
The Pasadena High standout was named to the WCC All-Freshman team last year after averaging team bests of 12.9 points, 2.2 assists and 1.5 steals.><<
Siena Shocks First Place Iona, 65-62.
."
ADVERTISEMENT.
Continue Reading at Mongabay.com
Monkey via ShutterstockLong-Term Occupational Projections
STEM Long Term Occupation Projections in Massachusetts
Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Long-Term Occupational Projections
Long-Term Industry Projection
Long-Term Industry Projections 2012-2022 statewide
Short-Term Occupation Projections
Short-Term Occupation Projections 2014-2016 statewide and local Workforce Investment Areas
Short-Term Industry Projections
Short-Term Industry Projections 2014-2016 statewide and local Workforce Investment Areas
Occupation Projections by Title
Query tool for selecting individual long term occupational projections by title.Shotts Bon Accord, Wishaw Juniors and Newmains United all learned their fixtures fate this week as preparations for the new season gather pace.
The BA return for pre-season training tomorrow night while Wishaw and Newmains are already back and getting into the swing of things.
All three teams will play a number of pre-season fixtures prior to the Sectional League Cup getting under way on August 9, and Shotts have this week announced that they will play Fauldhouse on July 19 and Manchester side Abbey Hey on July 26 both at home, Shettleston away on July 28, and Dalkeith Thistle at home on August 2.
Manager Tam McDonald is also hoping to arrange another friendly, and he admitted he can’t wait to get their Premier league season underway onAugust 30.
He said: “First game, away to Petershill, second game, home to Auchinleck — can it get any better? They’re exactly theteams you want to be playing week in week out instead of every four weeks in the Scottish Cup. It’s fantastic.”
On the transfer front, Shotts have signed Liam Mushet from Lanark United, Dougie McKay from Ashfield and Anton McDowall from Bellshill.
McDonald has also released left-back Paul Burns and midfielder Tam Hanlon.
Over at Wishaw, they have added experienced Thorniewood United defender Mark Daly to their side, and their boss John McKeown told us that although he expects a tough ride for his team this season, he just can’t wait to get going.
He said:“We’ve three out of the first four games at home, so we can’t grumble with that but we’re not going to get any easy games in this league.
“Lanark, Bellshill and Carluke in the first four are all local derby-type matches which is great.
“I’m just really looking forward to getting into it.” And at Newmains, manager Billy McKie has made four new additions to his already large squad.
East Kilbride Thistle striker Scott McKellar and St Roch’s defender Eddie McArdle have both signed up as has striker Martin McAteer from the amateur game and also Martin Reilly, John Bulloch and Peter Byrne.
McKie has also brought in defender Kieran Higgins, who previously had spells in the senior game with the Under-19 squads at both Aberdeen and Queen’s Park.
Newmains’ pre-season gets underway with a trip to Craigmark Burtonians on Saturday, July 19.OverviewBack to top of page Penetran Plus - Pain Relief Lotion Penetrating Economy Size - 16 oz. Item# :103410UPC# :853747003014 Brand:Penetran Plus Size/Form:16 oz. Ship Weight:1 Penetran Plus - Pain Relief Lotion Penetrating Formula - 16 oz. Based on the proven Penetran formula, Penetran+Plus has added MSM, natural lemon and proprietary TDS® ingredients for enhanced penetration and fast action. 16 ounce tube with an easy-to-use flip top cap. Penetran+Plus was proven effective in clinical trials with over 70% of patient volunteers reporting some relief and over 50% reporting significant pain relief from arthritis, bursitis and tendinitis - in 10-20 minutes. Powerful Penetrating Pain Relief for: Arthritis Bursitis Tendinitis Muscle Aches Sprains Sports Injuries Bites, Burns, Bruises Pain Relief Most of Penetran's sales come from customers telling friends about the relief they get from arthritis, bursitis, tendinitis or aches and pains from sports, exertion or work injuries. They also get many reports on how Penetran+Plus works for insect bites, bruises, stings, burns and abrasions. Penetran+Plus is also pharmacists recommended for the temporary relief of aches and pains associated with arthritis that comes with the natural aging process Penetran+Plus works differently than other pain relievers which distract from the pain with hot or cold ingredients. Penetran's primary active ingredients are quaternary ammonium compounds which have a neutralizing effect on pain signals working in harmony with the body’s natural pain sensing system instead of distracting with hot or cold. Penetran+Plus has the added effectiveness of MSM (Methyl Sulfonyl Methane), natural lemon oil and our own proprietary transdermal delivery technology to enhance penetration. Penetran's unique formulas are patented and their primary active ingredients are found in no other pain relief product. Penetran+Plus patented advanced formulation provides deep penetrating pain relief, without creating a hot or cold sensation, with a pleasant cold pressed lemon scent. Penetran+Plus is a scientific victory that provides today’s most effective non-prescription topical pain relief and differs from all other topical analgesic products available. Most topical analgesics work by means of counter-irritation or gate control: Gate Control Theory of Pain "Gate theory" is the term used to describe pain relief by causing sensations other than pain, and then sending them down the same pathway., stimulating cold receptors can dull pain.NEW YORK (Jun. 11)
An announcement by the little-known Jewish Defense Group that it will begin organizing patrols of armed residents of Jewish communities around New York has alarmed American Jewish leaders.
The announcement by Rabbi Yakove Lloyd, head of the Jewish Defense Group, came after reports that the planners of the 1993 bombing of the World Trade Center originally had intended to attack heavily Jewish neighborhoods around New York.
Jewish communities throughout Europe have seen an increase in anti-Semitic attacks since the Palestinian intifada began in September 2000. Jewish communities in the United States have experienced fewer threats, but there is a heightened awareness of potential risk, especially since Sept. 11.
“We’re glad people are concerned about security, but we do not support vigilante or fringe groups, which this group seems to be,” said Joel Levy, the Anti-Defamation League’s Northeast director.
Hannah Rosenthal, executive director of the Jewish Council for Public Affairs, an umbrella group for local Jewish communities relations councils, described her Brooklyn Heights area as “the most diverse neighborhood in New York City.”
“I don’t want to see armed camps in my neighborhood,” she said. “I’m sad people are literally taking to arms. I’m no more under siege than the rest of the country.”
The move to arm Jewish civilians came in response to the revelation on CBS News’ “60 Minutes” of the 1993 World Trade Center plotters’ intent to attack Jewish communities in Brooklyn.
“We will do nothing illegal,” Rabbi Lloyd told reporters, but concern over vigilantism prompted a response from New York City’s police department.
“Anyone attempting to patrol the streets armed with weapons will be arrested,” Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told The Associated Press.
Lloyd criticized the NYPD for not patrolling enough in heavily Jewish neighborhoods. Jewish Defense Group patrols, he argued, “will be a very effective deterrent against terrorism directed at American Jews and other targets.”
Lloyd could not be reached directly for comment.
His call found little support among Jewish groups and leaders.
“This is unequivocally not needed,” said Assemblyman Dov Hikind, whose district includes Borough Park in Brooklyn. Lloyd “is trying to take advantage of people’s insecurities after Sept. 11th.
“I don’t know where this guy comes from,” Hikind said, “but we don’t need outsiders in our community carrying around weapons.”
Both Rosenthal and Levy said their organizations’ efforts to bolster security measures, in cooperation with the NYPD, were far more reasonable.
The ADL addresses security measures in weekly meetings with Brooklyn police and local Jewish representatives, Levy said.
He encourages private security as a supplement to city police, but “carrying around shotguns and bats is certainly not what the mainstream groups are doing,” Levy said.
Rabbi Avi Shafran, a spokesman for the fervently Orthodox Agudath Israel of America, said, “We take strong exception to the irresponsible notion that Jewish security in this country is enhanced by encouraging civilians” to go on patrol.
He continued, “While citizens are entitled to call as necessary on New York’s Finest, and to work with them to upgrade security in times of potential danger, they should not attempt to stand in police officers’ stead.”REVIEW
Soho House Berlin
This late-Bauhaus hotel structure in the trendy Mitte district makes a great introduction to Berlin's art scene.
Hotel Photo Slideshow (4)
Soho House Berlin
- Torstraße 1
Mitte district, Berlin, Germany 10119
011-49/304-050-440
- Soho House Berlin website
About this Hotel
Price.
Budget Travel Real Deals
- From $549
- From $259
- From $1,525
- From $1,180
- Deal Alert!
Norwegian Cruise Line
- From $159
California Wine Country
- From $1,525
- From $1,099
- From $1,019
-As we had been recommended to play turn taking games with three year old Freddy by both his speech and occupational therapist, I couldn't help but add this to my virtual basket when I saw it for sale at only £3 on the Early Learning Website. Although the reviews on the website were not exactly fantastic, I thought that at such a low price it was definitely worth taking the risk and buying this "Pop Up Pirate" clone.
===In The Box===
As soon as Puff The Pop Up Dragon arrived, Freddy couldn't wait to play and I do have to admit that the box it is supplied in does look very attractive. Within this sturdy cardboard box we are supplied with everything we need to play, a plastic castle tower, Puff the Dragon, twenty plastic flags in four colours and an instruction leaflet. What I particularly like about the instructions is that should we lose the leaflet, they are also printed on the side of the box.
The castle tower is the main base of the game and although made of plastic does feel very substantial. Standing approximately 18cm tall, it's a good height to sit on the table and be played with by a three year old. There are twenty holes in the bottom two thirds of the tower, arranged in two rows, with each hole being perfectly sized to house one of the flags. The flags themselves are formed of hard, brittle plastic and being 6cm in length are a good size to be held by little hands without causing a choking hazard. There are five flags in each of four colours with the colours being blue, green, yellow and magenta. I'm not sure why they chose magenta as a colour, personally I think red as is shown on the box would be a better choice and we've resorted to calling them pink.
The final game piece is Puff himself, a very cute green dragon who is formed of a rubber like material. I have to say that Puff is very cute with his big, expressive, googly eyes, but Freddy does not associate him with dragons and instead is convinced that he is a crocodile. At 9cm tall, Puff is again a good size for little hands to hold and being made of a rubber-like material he is unlikely to cause much damage if thrown.
===Playtime===
One thing I like about this game is that it is suitable for anywhere between one and four players, meaning that I can set it up for Freddy to play with on his own (not something that happens very often), play the game with him, but Daddy could also join in or even one of his big brothers or sisters. Very little is required in the way of setting up, you simply need to push Puff down into the top of the tower and then turn the turret around three times and then you're ready to go. Well it's simple for an adult or older child and maybe even an average three year wouldn't have much trouble, but with his significant delays, Freddy cannot manage it himself, so it is something that I need to do quite regularly.
Once Puff is in place and the turret primed it's time to play and the instructions suggest that each player chooses a colour flag and then everyone takes turn to put a flag in the tower starting from the youngest player. I have to say that we don't exactly stick to these rules, we don't choose a colour and then stick to just those flags. Instead we simply put the flags in a pile and then pick whichever one we want to place next, naming the colour before putting it in the tower. As an adult I find it easy to put the flags into the tower, but Freddy finds it much more difficult, which is mainly down to his physical problems, but also because he is only three. It's quite sweet watching the look of concentration on his face as he patiently works at lining up the flag and the hole.
At a random point pushing a flag in will cause Puff to pop up out the tower, he doesn't jump up too high, but high enough to land on the table amid lots of giggles. There really doesn't seem to any particular number of flags needed to pop Puff, sometimes it can be as few as four and other times nearly every flag. We don't really care whose flag pops Puff, it's just as much a surprise that causes fits of giggles whether Mummy's flag set it off or Freddy's, but in the official rules the flag that pops Puff is the winner. Each game takes only a few minutes to complete, meaning that we can fit an odd game in when we have a short time between other activities and Freddy doesn't become bored (he's hyperactive and has an even shorter attention span than most three year old children). Once Puff has popped the flags need to be removed from the tower and the game can either be restarted or packed back in the box for another time. I especially like that the game does fit back in the same box it came in, making tidy storage easier.
===Learning Fun===
Although as with any toy your child will pick up new skills while playing with this game, with a little adult intervention the learning potential is greatly increased. Freddy has significant difficulties in all aspects including fine motor, dexterity, speech and social skills. Turn taking games such as this had been recommended to help him learn to understand the concept of taking turns and waiting for his turn as well as the concept of "first" and "then". I'm not going to say that he's mastered these ideas yet, but I'm sure this game along with others we own is helping him develop these all important social skills.
This game is also excellent for developing fine motor, hand eye coordination and dexterity as the child puts the flags into the tower. Yes Freddy does struggle, but I'm sure this will improve with time. You can also use this as an opportunity to work with counting, by counting how many flags are put in the tower before Puff pops. What about colours ask you child to pick out a certain coloured flag, although I must admit this is where the magenta flags do cause problems. You could even help your child's imagination and story-telling skills by making up a story about Puff and how he pops out of the tower.
The recommended age range for this game is three years and above, but personally I don't feel there's anything about it that would be unsuitable for children from about two upwards. There's nothing that would create an immediate choking hazard and developmentally Freddy is at about two years and he is able to play. I wouldn't actually allow he to play without supervision though as he does still put things in his mouth and chewing on the flags will render them useless at the very least. As to an upper age limit, I have played it's equivalent "Pop Up Pirate" with children up to the age of eight or so, but would imagine that they would find this a little more babyish.
===Final Words===
After reading some of the reviews on the ELC website I was a little sceptical as to whether this game would be worth even the £3 I paid for it. But I have been pleasantly surprised by the quality of the game, how easy it is to play and how much fun Freddy has had playing it. One criticism I had read was that it was too difficult to put the flags in (even for adults), but I have found they all fit well while still presenting Freddy with a challenge. Another criticism that I've read is that Puff only ever pops on the last flag, again I haven't found this, it does seem to be random when he pops.
So I'm going to give Puff The Pop Up Dragon five stars out of five as it is a game that Freddy loves to play and will often choose, that is also helping his development while he has fun. At £3 this is an absolute steal and a game that I would recommend for any child aged between about two and six years old.
The Early Learning Centre is somewhere you can rely on for good quality games. This pop up dragon game is a variation on a game that I always wanted as a child but never received - Pop Up Pirate.
The game is really quite simple. You have a tower, and a rubber dragon sits on a plinth inside the tower. There are then slots all around the tower into which you slot little flags before rotating the tower and pushing the dragon down. This activates the game. You then pull out the flags one at a time on your go until you pull the one that flips a switch inside which pops the dragon up out of your tower. I have found that the push up mechanism can be quite forceful making the dragon move fairly quickly, and my kids always seem to think this is absolutely the funniest thing they have ever seen, so they always want to play this several times in a row.
The game is something I could play with my children from the youngest being about two years old. As long as your child gets the concept of taking turns and has good pincer grip to remove the flags, then they are big enough to play the game in my opinion. The recommended age is 3 plus, but I would say just use your own common sense. I regularly let my children play with things younger than they should be playing with it as I feel they can cope with it.
This game is better with 2-4 players, but I have played it with my sons at nursery with a whole group of 6 children, and we just took it in turns to pick any colour flag, and it was still quite fun, just over a whole lot quicker.
It is quite a tough toy, though the mechanism can jam a bit if you are overly rough with it. It is pretty hard to do any damage to it though from normal use, and the set we play with is now years old.
The only negative is the ELC no longer sell this in stores. It is only availlable on sites like ebay though even with postage, you can still get this for between £8-10, and it is worth this price as it is a game that will be enjoyed and played with a lot.
It is very similar to pop up pirate, though this set is probably a lot more sturdy for younger hands to play with. My children would highly recommend it. I personally get a bit bored after a couple of games as it is a bit dull apart from the moment the dragon pops. The game length can vary, but it is only going to fill 5-10 minutes per game, so it is great for keeping young children's attention while you are playing, and good to have in the games cupboard for a rainy day activity. It certainly enhances social skills and you can get a bit of educational input from talking about the different colours in the flags.
Puff the Pop-Up Dragon
With children's toys these days being quite expensive, it is refreshing to come across something which does not cost the earth to purchase. The question then, though, is 'does the price reflect the quality'. With this in mind, I decided to purchase the 'Puff the Pop-Up Dragon' as Early Learning Centre products are usually of high quality.
The cost of this game is a reasonable £8.00 and can be purchased both in store and online at ELC.co.uk.
**********************
POP-UP PIRATE?
**********************
The first thing in which caught my eye was the resemblance to the well known 'Pop-Up Pirate' game which was manufactured by Tomy many years ago. I used to love playing this game as a child, and although it is still around and sold in many well known stores, I felt that my daughter would enjoy ELC's more modern version of the game as she has recently learnt 'Puff the Magic Dragon' at preschool. Needless to say, as my daughter was with me at the time, she agreed whole heartedly! Anything for a new toy!
The game comes in a relatively decent sized box, without all the added packaging which bumps the cost up needlessly. With its purple and yellow theme, it is quite eye catching to any young child. The age recommendation states between the ages of three to six years, though younger children should not have any problem with this toy either as long as a parent is around to help insert the flags (see below for more details). Set-up of the toy is extremely quick and simple with no assembly required, only inserting the dragon into the top of the main frame and then you are ready to go.
There are three main parts to the toy. The first is the main base which is designed to look like a castle turret with its grey colouring and wall decoration to the sides and top. It stands approximately 17cm tall which is a perfect height for little hands with two rows of small rectangular holes around the outside for the flags. On the top of the turret is a large hole in which the dragon is inserted. This hole is quite deep and it becomes tricky when trying to push the dragon all the way down so it may click into position. This is also hindered by the fact that the button to which needs to be pushed down is quite stiff to begin with and if this is not pushed down properly, the game is void from the start. The best way is to push it down with your own hands first and then let the child drop the dragon into the hole. At first we missed this, though later on with closer inspection, we noticed that the top half twists around to change the active slot. This is important if your child is like my daughter and has a photographic memory! The top half can be twisted either way and is easy enough for any young child to do, and no amount of pulling or rough twisting will break it apart safe to say! This whole main part is extremely sturdy and it would take a lot to break it (perhaps a hammer or saw!), though at the same time, it is also very lightweight so easy for young hands to carry it around.
The second part to this game is Puff the Dragon himself. Like the turret, he is very sturdy and practically unbreakable. He complements the dull grey of the main frame with a bright green colour with a red smiley mouth and orange stomach (red on some models it seems). When inserted into the hole, only his head is visible at the top which is something my daughter seems to find amusing!
Lastly is the game flags. These are made of a hard plastic, though if force is pressed upon them, they could break in half. There are approximately twenty flags in four different colours (I say approximately as my daughter has already mislaid a few!) and each have the ELC logo upon them in the same colour. It took us a little while to work out exactly how to insert the flags into the holes on the turret as they just did not seem to fit! Some flags slope to the left when inserting them in and some to the right, causing difficulties for adults, let alone young children! The flag tips face downwards and you really need to push hard to get the flags in properly. If they are not in properly then they will not activate the trigger if the right hole is chosen which defies the object of the game. My three year old finds this very difficult and often needs a little help pushing them in (as do I at times!). The other aspect to watch out for is the twist in the turret itself. Between games when you twist the top three times, you have to make sure that it clicks into place properly otherwise you will find yourself with even more difficulties with the flags than you already have!
So what about the game play as a whole?
The problem with this game is that the whole game play depends on the flags being inserted into the holes. As this is such a problem, it ruins the whole game for everyone. A game which should last a few minutes can take a long time and result in a young child becoming so frustrated and prematurely ending the game in temper!
IF you are able to slot the flags in without a problem, which is doubtful, the game play is simple. It is recommended that two to four players take part, though you could have more people play by splitting the coloured flags up, though with young children I would recommend the less the better! The flags are split between the players and Puff the dragon is clicked into place. Each person then simply takes it in turns to insert their flags into the side holes, trying not to pop the dragon up! Simple!
So why is such a simple game made so complicated by the terrible construction of the holes and flags!
My daughter occasionally plays this still, though more often than not, she takes the dragon over to meet her Peppa Pig character toys and plays imaginative games alongside her Peppa Pig and Fifi houses! A lot of money spent for a little dragon toy alone!
*********************
FINAL WORDS
*********************
So, we are back to the question at the beginning of this review; Does the price reflect the quality? In this case, I would have to say yes!
The whole toy is a sturdy one and the concept of the game is fun but the mechanism and construction of the toy is full of faults which makes game play extremely difficult and annoying to say the least. £8.00 was a reasonable price, though for what it has turned out to be like, I would say that I paid well over the price it is worth. I am disappointed that the Early Learning Centre has such a terribly constructed toy on their shelves as their toys are usually so good.
I am sorry, Puff Dragon, but the Pirate beats you hands down!
The majority of my daughter's friends appear to have the Pop up Dragon game from Early Learning Centre, so it was no surprise when she received this as a birthday present from one of her friends for her third birthday.
The basic idea of the game is not to be the player who makes the dragon pop up. A very simple concept which is nice for young children.
Included in the box is a sturdy plastic castle turret, a plastic dragon which looks much like a bath toy, and 20 plastic flags in four different colours. To set the game up you need to place the dragon into the top of the castle and press down and twist either clock wise or anti clockwise. This is to set the trigger section for the dragon to pop up again when the correct flag is inserted.
The game can be played with up to four players, but we haven't noticed any difference in playability whether you have two, three or four players. Each player has five flags in the same colour and the youngest usually goes first by placing a flag into the slots in the castle wall.
We noticed straight away that the flags don't seem to sit comfortably in the holes. We all wanted to push them further into the holes but there was nowhere for the flags to actually go. Both myself and my partner started to wonder which one had the trigger to pop up the dragon.
The first time we played this no one managed to find the correct slot to activate the dragon. I went round each slot until I found the correct one and then realised that we hadn't set the castle up correctly, so the future games were a lot easier.
The concept of the game being you lose the game if the dragon pops up really confused my three year old. She thought she was the winner and trying to explain to her that she had lost didn't help at all. I think the beauty of games is that with young children, if you have to the rules can be adapted.
Pop up Dragon costs £8 and is an Early Learning Centre branded game. I would be a bit disappointed in paying this price for the game and would prefer to see it slightly lower to get value for money from the game.
Each game doesn't last long which is good for impatient toddlers, but I think it is a game that children will tire of at a very early age which is a shame as the Early Learning Centre brand usually produce popular toys.
Overall I thought the game was well made, but perhaps the concept isn't quite right and too close to other games from different brands on the market. We play this game occasionally, but I am glad we didn't spend money on it ourselves.
Puff the Pop Up dragon Game comes with a cute soft rubbery dragon, which my youngest loved playing with from no age, a plastic turret which rotates changing the location of the trigger switch each time, and several brightly coloured flags.
To play the game you just push the dragon down, take turns putting in your own coloured flags, and see who can wake the dragon and make him pop up. My oldest was 2 1/2 when he got this and quite enjoyed it. He still likes it now and then, but is primarily just played at game night because it is one of the few games the 2 year old can play. That said he often prefers to carry it off by himself and just poke one flag into all the holes until he can make it pop up, which never ceases to delight him.
I would agree with ELC's assessment that this game improves motor skills and social skills. I think any game that includes taking turns teaches valuable social skills to the very young, and certainly it does encourage some manual dexterity by fitting the flags into the slots.
ELC lists this game from 3 years, but I would say a child would be able to play this as a game from about 2, or just enjoy playing with it from about 16 months, with supervision. My son certainly enjoyed it as a jack in the box toy from 16 months, although I would not have left him alone with it at that age in case he managed to break off and swallow a bit of the flags. Because he was so young he did play with roughly with this at times and over time one flag was broken. The base is still as good as new though, and the dragon appears virtually indestructible.
This sells for £8 now with ELC which I find reasonable, but was a better deal on special at 2 for £10 when I bought it with another elc game.
The Early Learning Centre makes many good toys and the Puff the Pop Up Dragon is no exception as it is a really fun game.
Puff the Pop Up Dragon comes with is a turret or tower with a dragon inside it and lots of little flags which comes in four different colours. It's a very simple game to play you start by pushing the dragon down into the turret, each player than takes a flag and pushes it into one of the slots in the turret. One of the slots, it's different every time, will make the dragon pop up once a flag is pushed into it. The person who pops the dragon loses the game and the game is ended and, if you live in our house, a new one begins and again and again and again. I think it is intended for up to four players as there are four different colours of flags but it tend to just split the flags between me and how ever many children there are normally about six as the colour is irrelevant during the course of the game.
This is a brilliant game that young toddlers can join in with, they may need a little help inserting the flags but it encourages fine motor skills and turn taking skills, there aren't many games that are easier to play.
At £7.00, I think, Puff the Pop Up Dragon is very good value for money, it is enjoyable, easy to play and suitable for all ages. The plastic that it's made of is very durable and will last for years, long enough to hand on to another family or play group etc. Another positive thing about this game is that I can play it with my children and my husband's nephews and nieces, who don't speak very good English, as it's so simple you don't need to talk just have a laugh together when the Dragon pops up and makes you jump.
I bought my son an ELC pop up dragon from a charity shop for £1 as I thought my son was ready for starting to play games.
The Game itself involves a large grey castle with a black push down button in the centre which then hides a friendly looking plastic soft feel dragon. The Game has four coloured flags: Green, blue, yellow and blue and these fit in the slots in the castle wall.
The aim of the game is to split the flags and each player takes it in turns to push a flag in the slot until you hit the one slot that pop the dragon up in the air. This game is recommended for children aged three to six years.
I gave this to my son just before he turned three years old and he was very excited to receive a game but he also does love receiving new things. We initially split the flags between the two of us, two colours each. This can help with learning colours but makes it a little more difficult if there are three players. We took it in turns inserting the flags and he does at times get the flag upside down and also doesn't always fit them in deep enough to get the dragon to pop so if we get to the end and I have to check he actually gets a little annoys. In fact he doesn't particularly like me getting to pop the dragon out at all.
He also will play this game on his own which he does seem to prefer but this is fine and it does still give the introduction to game playing. The problem with him playing on his own is that it does require you to turn the dragon three times to reset the game which alternates the hole which activates the dragon popping up.
I think this game can be useful in developing fine motor skills, understanding of which direction the flags go and a great beginning to learning to share and rules of playing games and taking turns.
This game is the same as a childhood game that I owned called pop up pirate which is still available and he has since played this at a friend's house. I personally found that the pop up pirate game had more secure slots that are easier to activate the pop up action and would recommend that if wanting to purchase a game like this to stick to the original.
If you do want to purchase this game it is available at ELC for £7. I am happy with the toy that I paid £1 but do think this game could be improved.Need truck parts? We stock most makes & models.
- View our latest parts flyers >
- Every Day Low Prices flyer >
- Download our Linecard >
Call Toll Free
(877) PARTS-LA
Truck Service & Repair
With 20 service bays open daily, and extended shop hours, our service department and body shop are available to fix your truck, bus, motorhome etcwhen it suits you. We provide preventative & scheduled maintenance for your commercial vehicle, including Express Assessment options for super fast diagnosis. Make an appointment today to bring your truck in for maintenance >>>
Truck Parts
We stock everyday low price truck parts, from alternators, brake pads to accessories like floormats and more. Visit our every day low price online parts store, or stop by one of our warehouses to see what truck, bus, or RV parts we have in stock..Vtg Czech Pink English Cut Glass Beads Necklace Marked For Sale
Click to view supersized image
Click to view supersized image
Click to view supersized image
Click to view supersized image
Click to view supersized image
Click to view supersized image
Fine, Pink English cutglass beads necklace.
Northern Bohemia 1920-30´s Gablonz depression era. Marked clasp GES GESH
You will receive one necklace from this dozen. This necklace was made in Northern Bohemia (Czech) German border. You are offerding on wonderfulhad cut pinkglass beads necklace.
Very good and authentic condition. Great fine workmanship, hand cut beads. Great additional to any museum or private collection. This is spectacular work of Art In Glass. Note! no warranty for cotton strand, some necklaces clasp does not work well but they only need little modify add little soap then works well.
Original condition.
Measurements:40 cm or15,5 inches lenght
Beadsmeasures: from 11-5 mmspacers 2 mm
Condition:very Good condition especially for this age.
Free shipping for echach additional item to Worlwide =Simple Terms & Conditions
This item has been shown 0 times.
Vtg Czech Pink English Cut Glass Beads Necklace Marked:
$10
Vintage/art Deco Pools Of Light Filigree Necklace
Art Deco Vintage Rhinestone Necklace/choker Adjusts 13" - 16 1/2"
Vintage Art Deco Bohemian Pink Lilac Gold Opalescent Foil Glass Beaded Necklace
Vintage Antique Butterscotch Celluloid Beaded Necklace - 9 1/4"
Vintage 1920s Art Deco Flapper Sautoir Black & White Glass Seed Bead Necklace
Vintage Art Deco Flapper Faux Champagne Black Pearl Bead Rhinestone Necklace
Vtg Heart Gf Gold Filled Floral Etched "marcella From Johnnie" Locket Necklace
Lovely Art Nouveau Necklace W/ Large Blue Stones Crystal Beads Very Nice Exccond
~ Art Deco Black Cabochons~diamante Chatons Bib Necklace
Vintage Art Deco Graduated Molded Baltic Amber Carved Bead Necklace 18.5"
Kissed the Girls and Made Them.
Author Bio
Lisa Bevere is an internationally known speaker and the best-selling author of Fight Like a Girl, Kissed the Girls and Made Them Cry, Out of Control and Loving It! and Be Angry But Don't Blow It! Her books have helped thousands of women of all ages find purity and restoration through Jesus Christ. She challenges others to embrace fearless living, find freedom, and realize they are an answer and not a problem. She has empowered and released women to experience wholeness and realize both their destiny and legacy. In addition to national and international conferences, Lisa is a frequent guest on television programs such asLife Today and radio shows like Focus on the Family andFamily Life Today. She co-hosts the television programThe Messenger with her husband, John, which broadcasts to more than 200 nations. When she is not out "fighting like a girl," she makes her home in Colorado Springs with her amazing husband and four sons.
Product Reviews
- Songbird Music Studio5 Stars Out Of 5October 30, 2009Songbird Music StudioThis review was written for Kissed the Girls and Made Them Cry Workbook.Great companion to the book! Perfect to work through as a mentor or mother of a teenage or college student.
- Sarah Griffin5 Stars Out Of 5September 19, 2007Sarah GriffinThis review was written for Kissed the Girls and Made Them Cry Workbook.This!© Getty Images
Dating Diary: Part 3
One Man's Quest To Land A Date: Part 3
The line was stupid, corny as hell -- but I’d seen cheesier ones get a warm response many times before.
At first I wasn’t very into Lydia. She and her friend were talking with my two friends, and I didn’t mind being left out. Both of them, I thought, didn’t really do it for me. Lydia was shorter, with mustard-colored hair and wide cheekbones. She looked young.
I hunched over the table indifferently as my friends — one a fellow journalist, another a graduate student — made small talk with Lydia and her friend. The exchange was amicable. A lot of smiles and jokes were thrown around. Lydia and her accomplice were certainly fun and outgoing. The bar was an East Village haunt filled with young singles, and Top 40 music was playing. After 15 minutes of conversation, the interaction switched to group dancing, with my two friends taking turns dancing with the pair.
Still, I remained at the table, throwing reassuring glares over at my friends and the girls when they looked over, just to appear non-suicidal. I wasn’t completely miserable, but my indifference, I thought, would come off as “cool.” It wasn’t an act, either; I was content to sit there and gaze from afar at a cute girl cross the room. Unfortunately for me, this girl was reluctantly dancing with a guy who wouldn’t let go of her for a second. My chances there were done.
Every once in a while, I’d look over at my group of friends. Everyone was chatting, dancing and there Lydia was — friendly, with a playful smile. “Why not give it a shot?” I thought to myself. So I flipped on the switch and rededicated myself to being a functioning, social human being, instead of the guy who stands on the sidelines and looks aloofly at the TV.
In a way, I convinced myself to become interested in Lydia, who only a few minutes before I'd dismissed as not my type and too young. But here I was, pretending like she was the cute girl dancing with the ugly dude, who I — whether I cared to admit it then or not — was jealous of. I put my best foot forward with Lydia. When she and her friend asked what I did for a living, I told them I sold fruit in Union Square from a cart. I then made up a story about apricots being my best seller and how I could eyeball the perfect watermelon from yards away. They didn’t really buy it, but the ruse got a chuckle.
We alternated between dancing and chatting for about a half hour. Well, Lydia and her friend danced; I stood there and listlessly moved my head and flailed arms a few times. I told Lydia I didn’t dance. In actuality, I love dancing like an idiot, especially when I’ve had a few drinks, but not in the middle of a bar in front of people who aren’t dancing. I despise the thought of people laughing at me and not with me.
The Top 40 junk blaring out of the speaker came to my rescue, though. Bad music presents endless opportunities for easy conversation. You’d be surprised to discover how many jokes about a Pitbull song you can make.
Lydia seemed to be into me. She laughed at my jokes, smiled, didn’t spend too much time clinging to her friend. She even pulled me in to dance once.
I thought she presented a good opportunity — around my age, not too self-important, innocent-looking. I wavered on whether to ask her and her friend whether they wanted to go to another bar or not.
In the end, I decided to play it slow and just ask her for her number. I’d play the long game, see where it went — see if I could charm her one-on-one like I’d failed to do with Madeleine the month before. Lydia was enthusiastic when I asked. She gave me her number and I told her I’d text her to set a date before we hugged and I left. The next day, I texted her, saying I'd enjoyed meeting her and that I’d love to share some more watermelon-picking secrets with her in the future. The line was stupid, corny as hell — but I’d seen cheesier ones get a warm response many times before.
Lydia texted something short back, and it turns out that’s the last I ever heard from her. When I texted her the next week to see if she wanted to get a drink, she didn’t respond. I decided to back down. On to the next.
In New York, I’ve learned over time, you can’t win ‘em all.My research is mainly in the area of studying evolutionary history of humans and other species using machine learning techniques. In the last few years, the amount of data available for such analyses has increased exponentially.The use of suitable machine learning methods can enable us to utilize these large amounts of data well to produce interpretable and meaningful results. The objective of my research is to develop methodology to model the processes that shape evolutionary history of populations using expressive and interpretable models.
Two main focus areas of my thesis research are:FIAT Dealer GentryvilleModify Search
Dealers in Nearby Cities
View thousands of cars, trucks, and SUVs for sale online from Gentryville FIAT dealers. Search for new or used cars in a variety of different ways including by: year, make, fuel economy, price, or location. Find FIAT dealers in Gentryville with ease. Choosing what car to buy can be tough. A prudent shopper will conduct some thorough investigation. Discover which Gentryville FIAT dealers have the car you are interested in
With the resources available on the web; the majority of consumers begin their search online. Do not waste an entire day by driving to every FIAT dealer Gentryville. Rather; see the entire vehicle inventories of FIAT dealers in Gentry Gentryville FIAT dealers that are near to your location in no time.
Any great FIAT dealer Gentryville has much more to offer than new and used sales. Most reputable Gentryville FIAT dealerships have a complete financing department that offers leases. Or if you need a stock part, a Gentryville FIAT dealer will have a dedicated parts and accessories department. Warranty repairs can be redeemed at almost any FIAT dealers in Gentryville as long as the vehicle and conditions meet the warranty requirements. Own a past-production vehicle and need some major repairs? Then most Gentryville FIAT dealers will have a repair center on the premises. These repair centers employ only factory trained professionals. There are other assets offered by a FIAT dealer Gentryville including a body shop and a certified pre-owned sales department.
Its easy to leave your comments about Gentryville FIAT FIAT dealer. Exploring all that FIAT.Penrith front-rower Sam McKendry is out of rugby league indefinitely after suffering a fractured neck in Monday night's NRL win over Parramatta.
McKendry, who has played seven Tests for New Zealand, sustained a stable C6 vertebrae fracture.
The injury occurred in a tackle in the 16th minute which saw McKendry initially leave the field before returning for another stint later in the second half.
McKendry has played all seven games so far this season but lasted just 30 minutes before leaving the field against the Eels.
"He's a tough man, Sam, there's no doubt about that,'' Penrith coach Ivan Cleary told the Sydney Morning Herald.
He will see a specialist on Friday to discuss how the injury will be managed.
Cleary said best-case scenario, McKendry faces six to eight weeks on the sidelines.
- AAP/nzherald.co.nzAdd to favorites Remove from favorites Joha Sparkbyxa Natur Fr. 15.20 EUR Now: 15.20 EUR In stock To the items Choose variant 60 (3-6 Months) (Out of stock) 70 (6-12 Months) - One in stock 80 (12-24 Months) - Few in stock 90 (2-3 Years) - Few in stock Add to shopping cart Thanks! The item is out of stock The item cannot be purchased Proceed to checkout Art no: 113184_130 Item description Wool leggings with foot in nature off white. Questions? Call us: +46 (0)10 199 74 10 (Mon-Fri 9-17 CET) E-mail: info@babyshop.com Or post a comment below Share with friends Customers also bought You have been looking atImage courtesy of Xbox 360 Fanboy
It isn’t the first time Microsoft has been sued over disc-scratching issues, but an Illinois man has filed a new lawsuit against the company over three scratched game discs seeking $50,000 in damages. The discs in question were Rock Band, Rock Band 2 and Grand Theft Auto IV.{ad}
The plaintiff reported hearing “unnatural, grinding noises while the game disc was spinning,” which makes one wonder why he didn’t stop with the first disc. At any rate, all three ended up with large gouges in the disc surface during play and became unreadable. The 360 in question was not the original purchase unit, but rather a RROD replacement, further adding to the massive frustration that reportedly lead to the lawsuit.
Microsoft is being sued under the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act charging they “knowingly omitted its own data from investigations about the true danger of Xbox 360 damaging consumers’ discs.” according to the Madison County Record.
Despite all the lawsuits, I personally have never had an issue in terms of disc scratching on any of the five 360’s I’ve owned. However, given that I’ve had five 360s it’s obvious I’m sadly well aqcuianted with the RROD.
Read more at The Record
-
-
-
Reader CommentsNew School of Law DeanHamline University is pleased to announce that it has named Jean Holloway as dean of the Hamline School of Law. In this role, Holloway will be responsible for overseeing and providing strategic direction to the School of Law's academic and related programs, leading the recruitment and retention efforts of the school, managing its fiscal resources, leading its fundraising efforts, and serving as a university officer in collaborative work on governance, strategic planning, fund development, and institutional assessments.Holloway brings nearly 30 years of legal expertise, including extensive leadership of complex organizations such as Medtronic and CR Bard, experience in corporate and private practice, strategic plan development and execution, and fiscal management expertise. She also has significant fundraising experience, has board chair experience, has served as president for two local bar associations, and remained closely involved in legal education. Holloway has very strong academic credentials, holding two bachelor’s degrees from Yale University and a joint MBA and JD from the University of Chicago. Holloway comes to Hamline from CR Bard, Inc., a global medical device manufacturer, where she served as vice president, general counsel, and secretary. Prior to that, she served as vice president and deputy general counsel for Medtronic, and before that was vice president for Boston Scientific and Guidant. She also has experience as a partner at Faegre & Benson, a strategic business consultant at McKinsey & Company, and a partner at Dorsey & Whitney. "Jean Holloway's leadership roles in complex institutions both in the public and private sectors, her skill to work creatively with diverse constituencies, and her demonstrated record of success in the practice and business of law led to our decision that she would contribute significantly to advancing Hamline University's School of Law,” Hamline President Dr. Linda Hanson said. “We are delighted Dean Holloway will bring her considerable knowledge and passion for developing new approaches to legal education to our expanding vision for our master's in law program, strengthening the institutes in dispute resolution, health law and business law, and delivering legal education more effectively and affordably." “The university and the law school have a long tradition of academic innovation, hands-on, practical learning, and public service," Holloway said. "I look forward to working closely with the excellent faculty, staff, and students, and the university's committed leadership to provide high quality and innovative legal education and programs. I am especially excited about building on Hamline Law’s unique strength in developing practice-ready, problem-solving lawyers through challenging and personalized experiential learning programs.”Jean Holloway will begin her duties at Hamline on Monday, January 6, 2014. With outgoing law dean Donald Lewis stepping down from his role on December 31, 2013, there will be a nearly seamless transition with leadership in the School of Law.A Brazil homeless man, Lauri da Costa, was hurt when an unknown assailant pelted him in the face with a rock last week, and compelling him to go to the nearby emergency room of a hospital for treatment reported the Dodo.com.
The man's four-year-old mixed breed dog, Seco waited outside the hospital door for his human to return.
While doctors attended to da Costa's facial injury, they discovered a cancerous melanoma on da Costa's face and admitted him for surgery the next day. Days passed, but Seco never left; he was still waiting for his human.
Hospital personnel were so moved by Seco's devotion, they made sure the dog had food and water.
On the eighth day, doctors allowed da Costa, even though he is still recovering from surgery, to be wheeled outdoors in order to see his dog. The reunion was heartwarming.
Watch as Seco's tail wiggles with delight as he happily jumps, frolics, and lays out some sloppy kisses when reunited with his favorite human. If you have ever doubted the unselfish love dogs have for us, this will convince you to appreciate your four-legged friends even more.
The reunion was caught on video; it's guaranteed to make you.Dick Whiskey: History's Drunkest Cop, World's Manliest Comic
In the first sci-fi themed issue of Man Comics, hero cop Dick Whiskey is hurtled into the far reaches of time and the future! I might have spoiled too much already, so tell your women they'll have to wait for their sex-- it's Man Comics!.
An assortment of classic ladies clothing, mostly size 10. Skirts from £3 Jackets from £5 Tops from £2 All used but excellent condition Buy for yourself or resell! Collection only
Monsoon prom / bridesmaid dress size 14 £50 or very near offer
Bargain ann summers captain sexy suit bran new never been worn still has tags on bought for a birthday do and changed theme so never used was £30 only wanting £15 its a size 14
Indian Anarkali Salwar Kameez, Pakistani Shawlar Kameez, Bollywood Dresss Indian Saree Lehanga Choli Many more designer Indian & pakistani clothes available on our website Price shown in this ad is only for 1 dress, not for all dresses. Each it
Freestyle dance outfit age 14 to 15 years my daughter is 5'2 in height and a size 10. Beautiful on the dance floor very shiny Only worn 4 times
Red prom dress size 6 but has a lace up back so would fit bigger/smaller. (It still fits me and I'm now a size 10). Only worn once but would need dry cleaned. If you have any questions text or email me. Thanks.Ben Grossmann began his career in the VFX more than 10 years ago. He has worked on many films such as THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW, 2012 SHUTTER ISLAND or ALICE IN WONDERLAND. He received an Oscar for Best Visual Effects for HUGO.
What is your background?
I got my start as a photojournalist. Went from that to TV cameraman and editor, then producer in TV. When I moved to LA from Alaska, VFX was very attractive because it was all those things rolled into one, plus a lot of mystery and a little magic.
What was your feeling to be part of the Star Trek universe?
It’s a crazy feeling to be a part of such a long-running franchise that’s covered so much creative territory. I felt like I’d never really done a sci-fi film, so to crack that nut on a Star Trek project and to be able to do some cool stuff with Klingons was pretty fun. Heck, just standing on the bridge of the Enterprise was an awesome experience.
How did Pixomondo get involved on this show?
We had worked before with VFX producer Ron Ames, and we’d just completed HUGO and had a great team assembled, so he introduced us to JJ and Roger and we hit it off.
How was the collaboration with director J.J. Abrams?
It was pretty fun for a change. Usually working on a big movie with a big director can be high pressure and stressful, but he’s a very fun guy to work with, so it feels like making a movie with family & friends. His office is just a couple blocks away from Pixomondo in Santa Monica, so going over for dailies a few times a week was really easy. We didn’t have to rely so much on remote communication, which feels odd these days when everything is coming and going all around the world. He’s an energetic guy with a great eye, and sensibility for putting a story together. He has very high expectations but really made the journey fun along the way.
What was his approach about the visual effects?
He likes to keep the work connected to the actors and “natural.” He has a style of cinematography and rhythm that take a bit to get your hands on, but once you get yourself into his mindset the work all comes together. He’s not one for big wide sweeping “oh that must be a VFX shot” scenes. So you’re always looking for a way to connect the shots with the characters in the story, and give them a flair that seats well with the cinematography and the edit style throughout the movie. It’s ok to have a big wide sweeping shot that looks awesome, as long as it starts, ends, or “visits” with the characters at some point. This gave us a great opportunity for some really long shots in the film.
How was the collaboration with Production VFX Supervisor Roger Guyett?
We were together with him On Set and throughout post and stayed in touch on a regular basis. We had dailies with him in person several times a week and had constant phone calls and text message reviews in between. He’s got his finger on the pulse of JJ’s style, and a great eye for details and choreography so he was a great partner for seeing the whole movie and keeping it all consistent and awesome
What have you done on this show?
We contributed to about a dozen sequences in the movie, with some of our biggest sequences being Kronos & the Klingons, the Conference Room Attack at Starfleet Headquarters, and Kirk in the Warp Core. We did a lot of work inside the Enterprise to show the scope and destruction in several scenes where the Enterprise is falling to Earth, plus a lot of phaser battles and various fun one-off scenes throughout.
Can you tell us more about a typical day for you on-set and then during the post?
Typical days on set were nice because they were shot in Los Angeles primarily. So it was nice to be able to drive to work for a change, instead of being sequestered in some hotel in a far off land. The vibe on the sets were very high security, more so than usual, but once you were in, it was very much a family feeling with high energy and a great “crew vibe.” Of course typical days start very early in the morning and are spent chasing down the myriad of sets to be shot that day and making sure that everything was going to plan, while still being flexible enough to accommodate new ideas as they arose.
In post, because I was supervising facilities around the world, my day could start much earlier as I was doing shot reviews with the offices in Europe and would end much later as I was working through the artists in China. At some point in between, I’d be in the office in Santa Monica doing reviews with Roger and JJ, and working with the artists in California. Days could sometimes start at 6am and end at 2am in order to get all these reviews done, but fortunately I’ve developed an aversion to sleeping. By default when you’re working globally it becomes a 6 day week because Sunday is Monday across the time zones, and as the production picks up steam, you can find yourself working 7 days a week regardless, so it’s quite some work to keep up with all the shot flow.
I didn’t usually find it necessary to have physical “dailies” in a screening room with artists because so many were around the world anyway, we had a great queuing system with Shotgun and Screening Room so that I could review all shots at my desk and make annotations and have cinesyncs as the shots popped up. Artists could submit a shot for review in Beijing or London or Baton Rouge, and the pipeline would transfer the media to the office in LA and even cache it locally on my machine, or send it to the theater if I needed to see it big. Then I could put notes on it or drawings or reference from the internet and send it right back while the artist was just getting back from lunch.
How did you create the Starfleet HQ building and its environment?
We had some rough concepts from the art department and Halon, that gave us a ballpark idea of where we needed to go, we knew the types of materials from some shooting we did at the Getty Museum in LA, but we definitely had to do a full design and build-out with a lot of detail to cover all the shots in day and night. We built lots of little landing pads and elevator systems that were pretty cool. The whole thing had a little bit of that World’s Fair feel with notes of a spaceship saucer. It was an 88 story building right in the hear to San Fran. We put a model of it in Google Earth and moved it around the city checking the sight lines to make sure we’d always have a nice vista for all the shots we knew we needed to do. Once we’d got it done, JJ added a few more helicopter shots to work with the city and the architecture a little more, so that was nice.
A ship attacks the HQ. Can you tell us more about its creation?
We had a set for the interior of the room, looking out into a dark stage, and experimented with the idea of using translights for far away buildings that we eventually replaced digitally. We had a NavCam rig controlling a platform that had lights attached to it so we could have a practical lighting source and eyeline target for the choreography of the action scenes. Our animator Eric Armstrong was able to make ship animation sequences in Maya and feel them to the NavCam control of the lighting platform so that it would replicate a flight attack sequence with all the search beams and muzzle flashes, which gave us great practical interactions with Special Effects.
Most of this sequence was being done in Berlin with environment work being done in London. We fleshed out a concept of the ship from production with an insane amount of detail because we ended up adding a lot of close-ups of the ship to bridge the story. It was a tough combination to choreograph so much action with so many little bits of footage. We spent several months in total just designing the look of the green targeting lasers of the ship, and simulated huge volumes of debris and smoke so that we could light them from within by the lasers. It required us to really light and render so much of it as an “all-in-one” render to get proper lighting integration. There are a lot of all-CG shots in that sequence that includes fully CG characters and stunt doubles sometimes playing close to camera.
The destruction itself was quite a challenge and the guys did a great job building systems to twist all that ship metal and break off parts of the building. Continuity was a huge challenge because we were destroying the building and the ship quite a bit. Id’ say getting the believability of the gun getting tossed into the engine was one of our biggest challenges because when you think about it after it’s all done, that’s a pretty crazy concept and tough to make real. We tried to keep the edit moving along quickly and not linger on it too much so you don’t really have too much time to think about it and go “wait, what?”
How did you manage the destruction on this sequence?
Mostly I just sat back and watched in awe as the guys in Berlin made awesome stuff. Michael Wortmann supervised the work there with FX supervisor Pieter Mentz. All the artists there just came up with some really amazing work time and again. And re-did it every time the edit changed, which happened right up until the movie was released.
Have you developed specific tools for the smoke and fire?
We used Thinking Particles and Fume for much of it, most of the tools we developed to work with those were about handling the work efficiently and creating large simulations that could still have insane amounts of detail. Plus all of it had to work when rendered in stereo. Doing big destruction stuff in stereo is a huge deal because of all the tiny details and volumetric effects. There’s just no cheating.
How did you approach the huge sequence on Kronos?
We moved in with a lot of ground troops supported by heavy artillery, tanks, and a lot of close air support. It was a tough battle for sure, but in the end, we’re all very happy with the havoc we wreaked.
What indications and references did you received to creates Kronos?
Very little, in retrospect. There were some various concepts from production, but we ended up going in a different direction for much of it, but we were able to blend in with the small set that was built for the ground battle. Even that required a lot of extension because of the size, but all-in-all Kronos was a big design job.
Can you explain in details about the creation of Kronos environment?
We knew the planet should be green (I think we moved away from that) and that it should be stormy (I think we kept that), and that it should feel like this city we’re in should be an abandoned factory town, kind of like Chernobyl. But aside from that we did a lot of concepts and modeling tests to figure out all the bits. As JJ was liking something, we’d flesh it out more and create larger portions of it. We had a lot of altitude to descend through to get to the planet’s surface (we never actually get there, the “ground battle” takes place high above the ground still).
We thought it would be great to have the chase scene start within pockets of evil looking all-CG clouds which giant spires and buildings climbing through them that were several kilometers high. Then as the descend though the city, we start seeing a lot more details of industrial development. We’d built a lot of “sets” kind of like massive city blocks that we could move around to design shots with our animation team and spent a lot of time coming up with a very dynamic chase scene for the ships. As we would get deeper and deeper into the planet, the atmosphere because very dense and we started to light things similar to the feeling you get in an underwater cave.
We actually used a lot of reference for that to create the look. It was a pretty massive undertaking by the lighters, headed up by Enrico Damm, the comp team led by Dan Cobbett, and the FX Supervisor Patrick Schuler because each of them had to give 100% to get the look dialed just right. Adam Watkins, our DFX supe who really led the LA team did a great job bringing it all together. We even added a lot of waterfalls coming from condensation on all the buildings. They just went nuts on detail in that sequence.
Aside from all the work in creating the environment, we also had to design those ships! That was many months worth of work to get all the little details right and have lot of secondary animation that could look awesome while flying and still hold up in very close shots. Some pretty amazing work by the modeling and animation teams.
How did you proceed to create the fight between the Starfleet shuttle and the Klingon ship?
For us, this was very much like a car chase scene, and we looked at a lot of famous car chases for inspiration. We really tried to nail the style of cinematography JJ and Dan Mindel are known for and then fit them into a narrative that still connected it with our crew. We’d make a lot of “takes” of action with our animation supervisor Sebastian Butenberg and many of the other animators, and slot them into the edit to see which ones were working before we’d flesh out all the details and the environments. JJ was VERY concerned about realism every step of the way and wanted to know that the flight dynamics and mass were always correct. It’s a hard thing to do when you’re flying ships in a massive environment at 5,000 mph. And when you’re animating without the atmospheric effects to sell the speed, it’s a tough thing to get right. Sometimes we’d have to go back after we saw a shot rendered and slow everything down or change the proximity to the buildings and clouds.
That was a pretty heavy rendering environment to get through. Some shots took thousands of proc hours to get just one version out so you’d be scheduling shot renders more than a week in advance.
Can you tell us more about the design of the various lasers during the fight on Kronos?
It’s a tough thing to figure out who’s doing what in a gun battle between 3 parties in a storm, especially when every moment is telling some part of the story and not many of them are just throw-away “cool” shots. We tried to keep the guns distinguishable by giving them different colors, for starters, so you could figure out who was shooting what. We also gave each of them a different textural style and spent a lot of time on Khan’s Boolean gun. That was quite a look dev operation. It was originally JJ’s idea on set that he should have a big gun that takes a while to charge and when it shoots anything, it’s like a flashlight that “disappears” whatever it hits. so we did a lot of rag-doll simulations of klingons having large chunks of their bodies “evaporated”. It was pretty fun stuff. Especially when we started shooting those Klingon Fighter ships down. That was some serious FX work and animation right there.
At a critical moment, Kirk entering into the Enterprise reactor. How did you enhance this set?
Basically the design wasn’t quite settled when we had to shoot it and it would have been a very expensive build, so they built what he was going to touch and let us create the rest. Most of that environment was full CG. JJ wanted to use flashes of light to reveal the set, but keep a lot of it dark and mysteriously evil. It’s a very tough thing to sell the jeopardy of “radiation” so we using a combination of lighting flashes and a lot of FX simulations to drive very subtle 3D distortions to give the room some energy. There was an immense amount of work to combine the CG set with the small portions of practical builds because the lenses were anamorphic, very wide, and the lighting was changing on every single frame. Quite an epic Lighting task to match, and an epic comp effort to marry it all together. The room design and FX were supervised by Sven Martin in Frankfurt and a lot of the comp and execution were supervised by Simon Carr in London. A surprisingly insane amount of work for a “guy in a room” sequence. But we were killing Kirk, so we all agreed it was worth it.
During the whole show, the shots are constantly moving. How did you manage the tracking challenge?
That was a pretty epic challenge because the days of “you lock a cut, and then we start vfx” are gone. Gone, dead and buried. The edit is alive until the delivery. We would get edit changes right up until a couple days before final delivery, which was only a couple weeks before the movie was coming out.
I can’t begin to describe the chaos that is.
You do the best you can until time runs out, which it eventually does. Our VFX editor Brian Miller worked like a madman to keep up with what was going on, and published out edit changes in Shotgun to the artists around the world could see what was happening. Far too frequently, it wasn’t “heads and tails trims and extensions”. It was shots being moved around to create a new story, which usually meant changing some part of the VFX for continuity, so there’s a ripple effect. Sometimes an edit change in one shot would actually affect 4 other shots story wise. And we shot the movie on film, which made everything exponentially harder in that regard. Basically if you have to do a rescan, you can throw out roto, paint and matchmove work that’s been done and start over, just to add a second to two to the head or tail. In digital, you can just add those frames and extend your work.
Its unfortunately a very manual process when an editor changes a shot to get it broken out for the VFX team, and shown in context with changes, and get the new material, and try to recover any of your lost work. It’s just a consequence of the departments being so separated, and the time frames being so compressed with changes happening until the last minute. Gone are the days where you basically lock your cut and then wait for your VFX to fill in.
Can you tell us more about the assets sharing with ILM teams?
We had similar pipelines so we shared things we built with them, like the jump ship, Knormian ship, SFHQ, and digi-doubles and they’d give us some background San Fran of the future buildings. It was pretty pain-free, but Roger tried to keep the sequence work as separate as possible with little overlap.
How did you split the work amongst the various Pixomondo offices?
On HUGO, I got a sense of the natural abilities of the various offices so I tried to give start-to-finish sequence work by facility. Sometimes we had to adapt that plan based on sequences growing or changing turnover dates so that multiple facilities were collaborating on one sequence.
Shanghai (under supervisor Saku Partemies) generally did Enterprise interiors, Frankfurt generally did the Warp Core with London and some alien character work; LA handled much of Kronos with some fly-down interiors handled by Baton Rouge and a little Kelvin Optical; Beijing worked with ILM on the Nibiru planet doing some of the coverage of the chase through the red forest and cleanup of wardrobe and make up, plus a phaser battle on the bridge of the Vengeance; London did San Fran at night shots in several sequences as well, and Munich (under supervisor Urs Franzen) did a lot of window comps with cities and ship animations, plus holograms in places like Marcus’ office and Pike’s Office.
How did you work with each Pixomondo VFX Supervisors?
I’ve spent a lot of time with them all, so it was like working with friends again. We talked all the time on Skype and they would send shots through shotgun for review. The pipeline made it able to be very informal. We rarely had “dog and Pony shows and big Cinesyncs. Those guys are all capable supes so it was nice to be able to hand things off and get a great shot in return with minimum hassle
Can you tell us more about the stereo and Imax aspects of this show?
This was one of the more complicated mysteries of the show and was the most difficult I’ve ever seen it.
Shots that were shot in anamorphic, were redelivered that way, plus mattes and layers and full rendered elements with a recombine comp for all shots for the stereo conversion guys, which I’ll be frank, was an expensive nightmare. Some sequences that were shot fully in IMAX needed to be redelivered that way of course, with the same stereo breakout renders. Any shot that was fully CG was redelivered fully in stereo and IMAX (regardless if the surrounding shots were anamorphic or not), which means that all the heavy shots got four times as heavy. Any shot that was mostly CG, but had a footage element that needed to be converted was delivered in “hybrid” we would render full CG for both eyes, and comp with a placeholder for the footage that would be converted to get added later by StereoD.
So it’s like doing a full CG shot, with even more added complexity. The advantage of all this is that the final stereo result is as high quality as it can be. The disadvantage is that it is a technical headache and anyone who tells you how much it “should cost” should be completely ignored unless they’ve personally done it before at the facility level.
It’s not as simple as anyone says it is with “oh yeah, you just have to deliver some roto mattes that you might have created.” It’s very complex and involves a lot of additional work, coordination, and quality control. If anyone out there is about to embark on this type of work, I caution you, you’re already underestimating how much effort it is.
What was the biggest challenge on this project and how did you achieve it?
The budget and the changing edit were the biggest challenges. It’s natural and good for the film to be changed throughout the process to be it the best it can be, and we try to do everything we can to support the creative side of the film, but the limitations of the finance are not moving in a direction that supports that level of free-flowing creative.
“Digital” makes it easier to change things because you don’t have to necessarily go through the process of arranging re-shoots, and you’re more likely to craft the film based on what you shot. But when you’re creating the film digitally, anything is possible, but the budgeting doesn’t recognize that fact and is more oriented towards “filling in the blanks we have from production” rather than “those blanks from the production are really big parts of the story and can be anything.” Being stuck in the middle of those two opposing forces has been the challenge of filmmaking since the 1900s and it’s even more so today I think. I’m frankly not sure that our industry will be able to continue to address these trends successfully.
Was there a shot or a sequence that prevented you from sleep?
All of them allowed very little sleep as a simple matter of logistics, but I would say that the shot of the ships landing in Kronos was one of the longest and most complicated. An amazing amount of choreography went into that shot and the resources to create it, and render it were pretty epic right up until the last minute. It was sort of a “tour de force” shot with everything from Kronos all in one shot.
What do you keep from this experience?
I really enjoyed working with JJ, he makes the experience more fun than work.
How long have you worked on this film?
It was more than a year from when we started shooting to when we delivered the final finals.
How many shots have you done?
About 380, plus an additional 40 or so that were trimmed to make the film tighter.
What was the size of your team?
At various points in time people would ramp on and ramp off, so there might have been 350+ different people on the film, but with a much smaller number at any given time.
What is your next project?
My daughter, Scarlet, needs to be potty trained.
What are the four movies that gave you the passion for cinema?
I like FIGHT CLUB for its subversiveness; the INDIANA JONES trilogy, and THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK for the adventure and spectacle, and FORREST GUMP because it’s just a damn fun movie.
A big thanks for your time.
// WANT TO KNOW MORE?
– Pixomondo: Official website of Pixomondo.
© Vincent Frei – The Art of VFX – 2013NEW YORK — Rain in Tampa, Fla. washed out Michael Pineda’s scheduled simulated game at the Yankees’ minor-league complex Thursday morning, but the right-hander threw his 30 pitches inside to stay on schedule, according to Yankees manager Joe Girardi.
The right-hander, rehabbing a back injury that has sidelined him since late April, is scheduled to pitch again in five days, Girardi said. Pineda will throw 45 to 50 pitches, but Girardi was unsure if the work will be done in a simulated game or in a rehab start.
The Yankees expect Pineda, 25, to return to their decimated rotation sometime in August. The Dominican compiled a 1.83 earned-run average in 19 2/3 innings before he was 10 suspended games for using pine tar on the mound against the Red Sox and injured his back in a simulated game during the span.
JETER GIVEN DAY OFF
Derek Jeter was given Thursday off to rest. Jeter, 40, had played in the Yankees’ first six games out of the All-Star break. He is hitting .270 with a .645 on-base-plus slugging percentage in 89 games this season, his last as a professional baseball player.
Chants of “We want Jeter!” began in the seventh inning Thursday, but Brendan Ryan was kept in for the entire game at shortstop. Ryan finished 0-for-1 with a strikeout, hit by pitch, and sacrifice bunt.
GARDNER NOT BATTING THIRD — FOR NOW
Without Jeter, Girardi elected to move Brett Gardner to Jeter’s customary No. 2 spot in the batting order and shift Jacoby Ellsbury from third to leadoff. Carlos Beltrán, the designated hitter, batted third.
Gardner is tied for the second on the club with a career-high 10 home runs this season, but Girardi said he would likely not have Gardner, who also leads the team in OPS at .786 entering Thursday, hit third despite his unexpected success. He went 1-for-3 with an RBI double Thursday.
“That I wouldn’t do,” Girardi emphasized. .”
CERVELLI CONTINUES TO PRODUCE
With Mark Teixeira out indefinitely and Kelly Johnson on the disabled list, Brian McCann made his third straight start at first base Thursday. The Yankees' primary catcher went 1-for-4 with an RBI double.
The shift has given more playing time to McCann's backup Francisco Cervelli, who caught the entire four-game series against the Rangers and has capitalized on the opportunity.
Cervelli also contributed an RBI double Thursday, the third double in two days for Cervelli, who is 12-for-32 (.375) over his last nine games.
"I appreciate every moment because of all the things I’ve been through," said Cervelli, who spent over two months on the disabled list with a strained hamstring. "At the same time, I’ve got to be ready for every opportunity. I just want to win. That’s what I like to do. I’ve been here for 12 years, and that’s been the philosophy on the Yankees. Win win win win. That’s all I know."Polar Gripper® Jumbo Chair Cushion
color options
select a color :
These chair cushions will add comfort and a fresh new look to your chairs.
- gripper backing prevents shifting; helps keep cushions in place without ties
- designed for style and comfort; subtly textured fabric with thick padding
- available in a variety of sizes and colors
- Gripper slip-resistant latex/polyester backing
Solid color woven polyester with polyester fill. Sold individually. 17Wx17Dx3"H. Spot clean. Made in America.What is it that makes you think of something decades after you have not done so?
Back in the hot metal days when The Chronicle was located on North Main Street, they gave me an article to set it in type. It was about the dollar.
The name, it said, was derived from a German community that was using a coin named a thaler (thal means valley in German). The coin became known as a thaler, from its location. I don’t recall that it said how or why.
It spread and wound up in the very young U.S., there pronounced as “dollar.” But I wondered why. The colonists were (relatively) new and had come from England, which worked in penny, shilling and pound.
Why the change?
Marsha took my question to the Internet and got the answer: The King of England had forbidden the colonists to use English money. Reason enough: If his majesty said no, it went.
But the Internet did not say just when this happened, or how the colonists arrived at a monetary unit that had one whole and 100 parts. Nor did it account for things like the Indian-head penny or the buffalo nickel. These were common in my childhood, but how long has it been now since you saw one?
Neither did it account for words like nickel and dime. Quarter and half were clear enough. Nor did it account for why there was no word for the three-quarter step (which not only did not get a name, but did not get anything to prevent the undignified “six bits” for 75 cents.
Nor is there a 75-cent coin. But we’ve done well enough without it.
Do you remember when the size of paper money changed? Billfolds and wallets quickly followed suit. Early on, paper money was issued in $1, $2, $5, $10, $20 and $50 bills. There are higher denominations, but I don’t speak that language.
Now, there is talk of eliminating the penny and I am curious as to how that will play out.
Checks may have reduced the volume of money in circulation; money itself may be slacking off in volume as people go more and more to electronic transactions.
And that could bring up a whole other discussion, which doesn’t quite lie in a retrospective of a piece of money.
When I first came to Okanogan County, there were silver dollars in circulation more generally than now. I gathered up a (small) batch and sent them to my sister in a Chicago suburb. She tied them up in a large white sock, in which she tied a huge knot and then proceeded to wow the big Chicago department store clerks by pulling the thing out, setting it on the counter with a thump, and proceeding to hand out silver dollars.
Rest in peace, former residents of the small valley in Bohemia. Your work lives on, and the end of the story has not been written yet.
But it will be followed, because for some reason, people find the subject of money to be fascinating.
Elizabeth Widel is a columnist for The Chronicle. This is the 2,884th column in a series. She may be reached at 509-826-1110.
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.Some of the agencies and community groups that have supported us
We use an implied consent cookie policy, cookies are used to give you the best browsing experience and for us to understand how you use our site. Cookies are snippets of data stored on your computer and some have already been set. If you continue to use our website we will believe you have accepted our use of cookies. To find out more, click hereSpecific Issues Reports for H.J.RES.59 by United Technologies, 113th Congress
Content of Specific Issue field
Helicopter programs, Military Jet Engine programs, Intelligence, Surveillance, Reconnaisance Prog, Ejection seat programs, Electronic flight bag, Defense Authorization, Combat Rescue Helicopter, National Defense Authorization Act, Department of Defense Appropriations Act, DCMA Furloughs, BioWatch Gen3 (DHS), F-35, U-2, Global Hawk, ISR, c-130J, HR 3304, FY14 Omnibus, H. J. Res. 59,S 1197, HR 4310, HR 2397, S.1429, HR 1960, 2014 0
Repeal sequestration, Defense Appropriations, 2014 CJS, THUD, Homeland Security, Budget Conference Agreement, Budget Deal, Need to undo Defense Sequestration. H.J. Res. 59, FY14 Omnib, HR 2397, S 1429
Close this windowThat's what I was saying a few months ago, after I impulse-bought some beautiful sparkly S. Charles Luna. It's brown with the most delightful golden sparkle. It's 71 percent mohair, and it's really fine, so I thought I'd run it with another yarn to add a special touch.
I decided to knit the 52-inch bust, and my gauge was 5 stitches per inch, so I cast on 130 stitches. Isn't that easy? You can knit whatever sweater you want with whatever yarn you want to use! I did a twisted stitch rib (knitting into the back leg of knit stitches and the back leg of purl stitches), which doesn't show up all that well with the mohair, but it stands out more than a regular rib would. I'm going to knit the button bands in twisted rib as I knit the fronts, so there will be six columns of ribbing down the front instead of the usual ribbing that grows sideways out of the fronts.I can do this because the twisted rib is tighter than regular rib so I don't have to go down a needle size to get a good, firm rib look. And I'm going to do snaps instead of buttons. I've never used snaps on a cardigan before, and I think this is a good way to use them. And maybe I'll put just one great button at the top, to add a decorative element to go with the sparkle! (More is not enough, you know?)Find your perfect pattern with our new kit: the Knitter's Handy Book series. You'll get The Knitter's Handy Book of Sweater Patterns, The Knitter's Handy Book of Patterns, and The Knitter's Handy Book of Top-Down Sweater Patterns. It's everything you need to create any kind of sweater!Get your kit today and cast on a project with that yarn that's just been yearning for a pattern!Cheers,
P.S. Have you used one of the Handy Books? Share your experience in the comments!
I, too, would like to know of the latest printing, and whether it is due to be reprinted any time soon? I am new to the knitting world, and do not own a single book. I just got into it back around the end of October or beginning of November of 2012, and though I have learned and made quite a bit since then, I am searching for the best available reference book, book set, or computer program for calculating the things you mentioned, and for referencing different types of stitches, cast on stitches, and finishing stitches. I may be new, but I am already well into making my very first cardigan with a shawl collar, large and small cables, and honeycomb stiches, and absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the whole process; the more detailed the better! I do want to learn absolutely as much as I can about knitting, so I want knitting reference material to be as exhaustive as possible, for the least amount of money. as well. Is this the best one to buy, or would anyone recomend something else?
LOVE LOVE LOVE this book. It's my handy "go-to" book when I need to know things like "If I change this pattern to this yarn, and it's 4 stitches to the inch instead of 5 stitches to the inch, am I going to have enough yarn?" And "Oh, I like that cable pattern but want a cardigan instead of a pull over." And even "25 Christmas gifts to make in 3 months... what am I going to make?"
SNAPS? I am interested in how you will be doing the snaps. I just tried to put snaps on a swatch of sock yarn in preparations for putting them on a baby romper. One of the snaps held tight and looked great. The other tore a hole in the swatch!
srander - I found the kit. Go to the top of the page, click on SHOP, then do a search for kits, scroll down and you will find the digital version. I just purchased the kit.
You mentioned a KIT the Knitter's Handy Book series. Where would I find that? Thanks
I noticed these books were printed in several different years. Can you please tell me what the most up to date printing is?
Thank you
Can't understand why you don't release them as software. In book form it is hard to follow unless you photocopy and mark up or go to the trouble of writing out the parts you need to follow. I don't use them anywhere as much as I would or should, though I own them all.
I will share a photo when the sweater is done.
What is the finest yarn given in the charts please? Does it go down to the old "4 ply"? Does it give wraps per inch or just gauge?
Thanks, Margaret
I have "the Book of Patterns", and I have made everything with that book... sweaters for myself and the smallest grand-daughter... same pattern - different size, socks for my sisters and all of her boys and grand kids. Hats. Oh, at the hats! pick the hat, chart it on graph paper and then add the counted cross stitch repeat... It's a GREAT book. For EVERYONE, not just beginners. I'm just sorry that I didn't have it 30 years ago....
I have used the Knitter's Handy Book of Sweater Patterns for several sweaters, most recently a navy-blue one with a few Celtic cables for my Small-ish Son for Christmas. I learned to knit socks and hats and mittens and gloves from the Knitter's Handy Book of Patterns. Ann Budd really jump-started my knitting!
Rose
These books are my go to knitting guides. I love the fact that she has already done all the basic math and lists the yarn requirements. My two guides, the pattern guide and sweater guide have a permanent home in my knitting basket. I plan on ordering her 3rd one, top down sweaters as soon a possible.
I have this book and you have inspired me to take another look at it. I must admit that after I recieved this book I paged through it onced and put it on the shelf. And you know why? Nothing to do with what is probably a gold mine of information between the covers...it was the photographs of the finished sweaters on the models. They are quite simply the most awful I have EVER seen! It was like the majority of the sweaters were knit without any consideration for the size of the recipient (the model). And that's a shame to be put off because of the photos. But thanks to your post I've got it down off the shelf and I'll have another look.
this is not a comment. Would like to find a pattern for a baby tam.
I could start my own Ann Budd fan club - I *love* her books. I own all the Ann Budd "Handy" books - I got hooked years ago when the first one came out, and she spoiled me for any other book, because I much prefer making items to my gauge and yarn (and thread) than trying to fit into someone else's gauge! i've made at least 20 vests, cardigans, sweaters over the years, in all kinds of sizes,(daughters, nieces, babies, husband) using those books. I've bought the Top Down, haven't used it yet - I mostly do crochet when doing top down.
I own all three "Handy" books. I've used "The Book of Patterns" to make a couple of pairs of gloves that turned out great.
I used "The Book of Sweater Patterns" to adapt to top-down (that was before the "Top Down" book came out). I am a large woman and I have quite large, fleshy upper arms. While the rest of the patterns worked out all right, I found that the sleeves are much too narrow in the larger sizes. It seems clear that either no one tested the larger sized patterns or they were designed for women with sticks for arms. Kathleen, be careful when you get to your sleeves. You may have to adjust the pattern.
I've used the Handy Book of Sweater Patterns quite often, especially when buying a yarn, like you, that I really love. It is especially good when I think written patterns look a little "off" in terms of their instructions. Ann Budd has neverl et me down.
Iris
Jelly Bean Knits
Can we see the whole sweater? You hooked me with this article but now I'm dying to see the finished product!
Kathleen, the color swatch looks amazing! I really hope you'll do a follow up post when the sweater is done. I'd love to see a picture of the finished object. You have inspired me to pick up my needles again and get cracking on my sweater again after a few weeks away due to Spring Break and Easter busy-ness.
© 2015 F+W All rights reserved.Use of this site signifies your agreement to the Terms and Privacy Policy, updated March 2007You are here:
We have a great range of second-hand and new women's skirts for sale. Be it a retro mini or a classic A-line, you're sure to get it for less.
Results 1-7 of 7
BNWT CC, Size: 10, Brown checked long skirt
£17.99
Marks & Spencer, Size 10 (Petite), Grey Skirt
£8.99
Marks & Spencer - Size 10 - Chocolate - Skirt Marks & Spencer - Brown - Long skirt
£4.99
BNWT Marks & Spencer size 10 shiny brown animal print skirt
£14.99
East - Size: 10 - Grey - Calf length skirt
£16.99
East, size 10 grey & purple floral skirt
£13.99
CC Size 10 Grey Calf-length Skirt.As someone who suffers from tinnitus, the following question held particular relevance: can vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) retrain the brain to ignore the nerve signals that simulate ringing?
A new grant resulting from the partnership between the National Institutes of Health and the Small Business Innovation Research program may help find the answer. A portion of the grant will go to a biomedical start-up company called MicroTransponder, which is trying to come up with a less-invasive method of delivering the electrical charge that stimulates the vagus nerve.
The other portion of the grant goes to researchers at UT Dallas. The team there wants to create a remotely controlled device similar to technology used for toll tags on highways.Press Release
Next Street Assault Upgraded to HomicideMay 16, 2014
On Tuesday May 13, 2014, at approximately 8:25 p.m., Mobile Police responded to the 1400 block of Next Street for a report of shots fired. Upon arrival, the complainant stated he found the victim, 23 year-old George Williams, in the roadway, suffering from a gunshot wound to the abdomen. Williams was transported to U. S. A. Medical Center.
Williams died of his injury on May 15, 2014. This case has been upgraded to a homicide.
Mobile Police Homicide detectives will continue the investigation. Anyone with information is asked to call Mobile Police Intel at (251) 208-7000 or text to CRIMES (274637) and include the keyword CRIME 411.
###
Ashley H. Rains
Public Information Office
(251) 208-1918“Two generations of Japanese have seen this play,” said Tama Copithorne, project co-director for One Thousand Cranes.
The Bunkaza Theatre Company from Tokyo is coming to UBC to perform One Thousand Cranes, a play by Ren Hisa based on UBC alumnus Colin Thomas’s original production. The plot centres on two children: Sadako, a Japanese girl with leukemia from the Hiroshima bombing radiation, and Buddy, a Canadian boy who grows up with a fear of nuclear war.
The title One Thousand Cranes comes from the folk belief that if a person is able to fold 1000 paper cranes, their wish will come true. In the case of the real-life Sadako Sasaki, she was unable to fold the cranes before her death. Her friends and family created a memorial in Hiroshima, Japan, where paper cranes are still hung in her honour.
The play blends the story of Sadako with the fictional Canadian boy, Buddy.
The Bunkaza Theatre Company originally performed One Thousand Cranes from 1985 to 1989. The play was revived in 2009 in response to a request by those who had seen the earlier production as kids and wanted their own children to see it.
The production is the closing event for the Museum of Anthropology’s series of symposiums, cultural concerts, academic lectures and film screenings coinciding with the exhibition Hiroshima by Ishiuchi Miyako.
“The translator of the play heard about the exhibition and contacted me, saying, ‘Please invite our theatre group, because we have this perfect piece…and we would love to come and perform it in conjunction with the exhibition,’” said Copithorne. “Cultural events always start with ideas and then you find the funds to make it possible.”
The script was translated into Japanese by Toyoshi Yoshihara and will be accompanied by English surtitles. “What’s [happening] on the stage is very obvious. If you don’t understand the Japanese language, you’ll understand the story from what [the storyteller] gives you,” Copithorne said.
“In a way, this is an experimental performance to present foreign language speaking.”
Copithorne was the first Japanese exchange student to attend UBC, and the former director of the Japanese program for International Communication at Simon Fraser University.
Interwoven throughout the Hiroshima programs are themes of peace and war, particularly nuclear war issues. The community is not only encouraged to attend the events but also to “understand what kind of world we live in today” through the programs.
“When we started working on this, there was no Fukushima,” Copithorne added. “It couldn’t be a better time to bring this group, because this is a story about children’s fears and concerns about nuclear issues, and as adults, we should be listening to children’s voices.”
A few school groups, most of which have Japanese language, global issues or world history educational programs, are invited to attend the dress rehearsal on February 9.
“We would love these kids to come because it’s about what they are saying,” Copithorne said. “[One Thousand Cranes] describes so vividly the threat of nuclear age through children’s voices. They are very honest and powerful voices, and we must humbly listen to them.”Register with us or sign in
Thanks all! I didn't even think of hyacinth. No idea where its come from its sat on a pile of rubble looking very sorry for itself.
Ad blocker is the way forward! I am currently getting adds for:
iflorest (I looked at sending mother dearest flowers but choked at the price)
Marks and Spencers knickers (I looked at their selection of bras as these boulder holders are getting rather strained - dash it chocolate!)
And the RSPB
Suddenly my life feels a little boring!
having technical difficulties.
I found this little plant in the wild* area of my garden. It looks beautiful and I would like to move it to a more stable (I.e. Not where my greenhouse is going) home. Can anyone telk me what it is so I can find out what conditions it likes best?
Thank you!
*neglected
Congratulations Fidget!
Have an extra lovely day everyone. Day off and hoping to get into the garden. Lots to pot up and I still haven't decided where to have my tulips.
Dove - I was still using a hot water bottle in June laat year? Summer duvets?!
Morning all. Kettles on!
Spade as David suggests - short sharp shock and they're despatched. Much kinder than drowning one imagines!
THEN water down the compost bin so that it is damp and uninviting for any returning mother rat building a new nest.
Oh Steve that sounds awful. I hope he recovers!
I'm in the final stages of drawing up my garden plan : its not good to think I spent less time designing parts of Heathrow terminal roofs than is going into this garden!
The chicken people are getting back to me soon regarding whether my suggested layout is large enough as his lordship uttered those fatal words "what would you like for your birthday" so I quickly got in with a hen run before he could suggest a winch or rescue kit for the truck or other handy toy (We won't point out that I brought the coop last birthday!)
Trouble is I'm having a tulip crisis! I have worked out how to move the strawberry bed, I am happy with my daffodil and snow drop corners, muscari is being pushed toward the right direction everywhere it pops up, my herbs are organised and my lavender path in progress... my tulips? Homeless! I am going to have to invest in considerably more pots at this rate..
Sebastian purchased this house in 2013
This property is over the top! Plenty of space for guests to enjoy! 10,000 square feet to be exact--and that's just indoors! The outdoor space is very peaceful and inviting. A great place to entertain a group of friends!.
We rented the house for our son's wedding weekend, and it was fantastic! Five families stayed in the spacious house, and the bride used the beautiful bride's room to get dressed for the wedding! Everyone had plenty of room and privacy! We hosted the rehearsal dinner for 70 people in the banquet room, serving buffet style from the dining room; perfect "flow" from the dining room to the banquet room for 70 guests! The caterer's room between the garage and the kitchen is wonderful and helps keep the "clutter" out of site! Love it! The outside area was fantastic for entertaining, with a deck for the musicians, and the gazebo was a great place to take wedding photos the next day before the wedding at a downtown venue..........only about 10 minutes away! Sebastian was a great help and stayed on site throughout the rehearsal dinner, offering assistance in any way. I would definitely recommend this property for large gatherings!
You must see this beautiful mansion to believe!! Ask about availability for special events such as weddings, receptions, reunions, etc.
Please Note: The owner of this property accepts payment in the original currency specified (USD), before use of conversion tool. The conversion tool is provided for your convenience only. The owner may accept other currencies if specifically agreed in advance.For Starkville Daily News
Located in a state frequently ranked high for obesity and diabetes, Mississippi State University is listed highly in a report ranking the healthiest universities in the nation.
In the recent report published by Newsweek and The Daily Beast, MSU took the No. 3 healthiest college ranking, behind Harvard University and Louisiana State University. (For more, visit... [2]).
The report says Newsweek considered five factors of the college and the student body in determining their unscientific listing, including sexual health, drug scene, physical activity, campus food, and student health care.
Mississippi State administrators say the recognition in the national report is beneficial, but they hope the real benefits of promoting healthy lifestyles within the university will manifest in long-term positive effects that can help Mississippi as a whole.
“I think we see, as part of our obligation, a university which produces graduates who live and work in Mississippi, that we help inform our students about healthy living. As they live and work in the state of Mississippi, our hope is that they will carry those healthy living patterns and begin to change the realities in the state,” said Bill Kibler, vice president for student affairs.
“Ultimately, we hope to change attitudes, and as that happens, we can change our state’s rankings and improve the reputation of the state of Mississippi to one that is more healthy,” Kibler said.
Kibler added that the university works to keep students healthy both physically and emotionally. MSU has many units which play important roles on campus in helping achieve this outcome, he said.
Laura Walling, director of Recreational Sports, has seen the university’s fitness facilities grow from an aging gym with eight pieces of cardio equipment and 10 pieces of strength equipment to in 1998 opening the Joe Frank Sanderson Center, a 150,000-square-foot, world-class recreation complex.
“When we opened the Sanderson Center, we went from the poor house to the big house, so to speak, and now we offer more than 14,000 square feet related to cardiovascular and strength training,” Walling said.
Walling said Recreational Sports offers a full array of programs that address fitness from a variety of different perspectives.
“Over the years, we’ve had a complete evolution from essentially not having much to having a wide variety of options to meet the interests on campus,” Walling said.
The John C. Longest Student Health Center is a campus hub of health information and care. Physician and director Bob Collins said a primary message to students is that the things they do now have a significant impact on their whole-life health status.
Collins said in college-age young adults, substance use and abuse is a major health issue.
“It’s not just recreational drugs such as marijuana or cocaine, but the biggest ones--tobacco and alcohol,” he said. Other health concerns are distracted driving, lack of exercise, and poor nutritional habits, he added.
The health center has specifically targeted information to benefit students and the university community, such as the Flu WATCH campaign, Collins said. Flu WATCH is an acronym that stands for Wash hands; Avoid close contact; Toss tissues; Cough into a tissue or your arm; and Hibernate (avoid others) if you are sick. Collins said the health center also holds flu vaccine clinics across campus in October and November to try to lessen the impact of the flu on campus life.
In addition to a comprehensive student health center and state-of-the art fitness facilities, the university’s Student Counseling Services, Outreach and Sexual Assault Services, and Health Education and Wellness programs all plug into a total-well-being approach by the university to meet student health needs, as well as prevent health problems from arising.
“It takes everybody working together. We want students to be informed about the healthy choices which will lead them to an optimal quality of life,” said Joyce Yates, director of Health Education and Wellness.
Yates oversees a number of programs designed to be easily accessible to students. Tobacco cessation, nutrition, stress management, sexual health, drug prevention, and wise choices about alcohol are all topics covered in year-round campus programming. While students are the targets of such programs, faculty and staff also are welcome to participate.
Director of Student Counseling Services Leigh Jensen said the university also can boast of the level of quality counseling available at no cost to students from her department.
“We really have a state-of-the-art counseling center here at MSU, in terms of the qualifications and caliber of our counselors who are available,” Jensen said.
Nine full-time clinicians including psychologists, counseling psychologists, licensed professional counselors, and licensed clinical social workers are on staff. Jensen explained that her unit expanded about a year ago, and a new psychiatrist will join the university soon.
“What we’re trying to do is provide students support to be academically and personally successful while they’re at MSU. We want to see them reach their academic and personal goals,” Jensen said.
In addition to the services designed to directly address health issues, MSU administrators recognize that promoting healthy lifestyles to students includes a broad look at the gamut of everyday student activities, including campus dining and even campus logistics.
Mississippi State University Dining Services, operated by ARAMARK, educates customers on the nutritional content of each menu item, said Jason Nall, executive director of MSU Dining.
Nall explained that meal planners and preparers believe in helping students, and all customers, proactively manage their health and wellness goals by providing a variety of healthy meal options and the information to make informed choices.
One might not expect parking services to play an essential role in the university’s approach to total health and well-being, but the addition of the campus bike-share program, along with master planning efforts to foster a pedestrian friendly core campus, have broadened the scope of staff contributing to the big picture relative to health issues.
The bike-sharing program has twice brought 100 bicycles to campus (more than 145 are currently operational). The bikes are available for anyone on campus to use on a first-come, first-served basis.
“A lot of the students just like the convenience of it,” said Mike Harris, director of Parking Operations, adding that he has seen a huge increase of cyclists on campus. Registration for personal bikes on campus is free, and administrators say the health benefits of bikes are in addition to the benefits to the university’s transportation demand management system.
For more information about Mississippi State University, see [3].
Links:
[1] Campus_12.jpg
[2]
[3]Concerns or Questions?
Do you have any concerns, questions, or feedback regarding the SGA? Contact us anonymously by using our online Concern Form.
Upcoming Events
Student Senate Meeting
The WKU Student Senate meets at 5 p.m. every Tuesday in the Senate Chamber located on 2nd floor in DSU.
The WKU Student Senate meets at 5 p.m. every Tuesday in the Senate Chamber located on 2nd floor in DSU.
Deadlines
SGA Archives
Find out about current SGA issues by reviewing the latest Student Senate minutes or passed legislation.
Senate.if she were a scientist, she’d know what she believed about climate change – because scientists make it their business to know the facts. I’m not a scientist either, but I know enough about science to follow the issue, and I would like to assure Ms. Varley that there is no longer any scientific dispute either on the magnitude of the climate crisis, or the fact that it’s caused by human activity. That many Americans don’t recognize the problem’s urgency or severity is a demonstration of the influence of corporate power on our news media. It’s also a terrible shame.
“..no longer any scientific dispute..”?
Perhaps he labels skeptical scientists “deniers”, too? Oh, wait.. if there’s no longer any dispute, there’s no such thing as skeptical scientists.
The level of denial is astounding in the climate world. Who talks like that? Clearly not a reasonable human being trying to find out the truth. Amazing how far they’ve fallen… the eco-lunies did good once upon a time. So very sad…The average pay for a Travel Agency Manager is $44,598 per year. A skill in Microsoft Access is associated with high pay for this job. skills and leadership qualities. They must be able to speak effectively with customers and their staff and work cooperatively with all employees on a daily basis. Specific duties include maintaining financial details and budgets for the agency, promoting and marketing the business, and motivating staff members to excel in their duties, and some may also be responsible for hiring, firing, and recruiting agency staff members. Knowledge of the latest advancements in online booking is also important.
Most travel agency managers have a college degree in a marketing- or travel-related field, and many also take business- and finance-related classes. Prior work experience in a travel agency is highly beneficial. Most in this position work in retail travel outlets which are open to the public, and the sizes of travel agencies and their stores can vary greatly; therefore, the number of staff members underneath a travel agency manager also varies greatly. Travel agency managers generally work normal business hours, though weekend and overtime hours may occasionally be required depending on the employer. Their co-workers include sales staff, team leads, and travel agents, and they also interact with customers on a daily basis.
Median of all compensation (including tips, bonus, and overtime) by years of experience.Prices and availability are subject to change from the time and date that you print this page.
5/22/2015 6:00:56
Dewey Decimal Drawers $69.97reg. $109.00
Not Giant Enough Letter A $29.97reg. $65.00
Urban Pine Advent Calendar $15.97reg. $49.00
Sterling Advent Calendar $15.97reg. $49.00
-
Not Giant Enough Letter S $29.97reg. $65.00
Woodland Animals Growth Chart $39.97reg. $49.00
-
Heartstring Garland $19.97reg. $29.00
-
Executive Personalized Nod Chair (Grey) $106.00More Colors Available
84" Pink Floral Curtain Panels $34.97reg. $69.00More Colors AvailableMigraines - The Bane of My Existence
First off, I want to state that I an excellent person the professional medical area. You'll not uncover the next few paragraphs rich in professional medical language. I am however, a lady who have suffered with migraine headaches over many years.
Migraine headaches, AAARGH! Everybody who may have, or now obtaining headaches, just after experiencing the saying, has learned how unbearable they may be. The sensitivity to mild, sound, fragrance, as well as sickness. They're able to also go on for several hours. A lot of people have migraine headaches often, while some, just like myself, have them continuously.
Migraines, based on the medical group, is caused by the abrupt restricting and liberating of problematic veins. However, that isn't forever the situation.
Migraines is often prompted by a few points. Eating habits, meal hypersensitivity, hormones, and even a flawed gallbladder. You can find however analysis being done within the relationship in between hormones, and migraine headaches. I recognized my migraines had reduced up a little bit whenever i inserted the change of life. Sadly, for my princess, she very are affected from migraines because they are ancestral. Exactly what a legacy of music to pass on!
There are various remedies to select from for short term alleviation. Over the years I utilized Axert, Zomig, Maxalt, Fioricet, Topamax, Paxil, Cymbalta, Atenolol, and Toprol. There are 3 other people, but I have on remember the labels mainly because, I only had taken them for twenty four hours. Individual that appears to be to dedicate yourself my migraine headaches is Maxalt. You should you just read or ask around side effects associated with a prescription drugs prior to taking them. I thought this was anything I discovered the tough way, immediately after consuming a few the above mentioned detailed medications.
There is lots of data out there if you would like go the exact opposite overall health path. Herbs such as, Feverfew, and Valerian are worth considering. Also, caffeinated drinks is known to be of support. Do not consume excessive, excessively, simply because this should bring on headaches. I study a number of content professing love-making eliminates migraine headaches too. There's no doubt that whichever company published those content, wear know what a migraine headache is. Should your a migraine headache patient, my soul will go out to you. I really hope, one day rapidly, they find a everlasting treat.Defense AerospaceVIEW FULL SECTOR: Defense
PAC Contributions to Federal Candidates
Based on data released by the FEC on March 09, 2015.
Feel free to distribute or cite this material, but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics. For permission to reprint for commercial uses, such as textbooks, contact the Center: info@crp.orgPrism Theatrics Arrives
Matthew Blake Floyd’s professional journey has come full circle. After learning the ropes of musical theater as a student at Casa Mañana and eventually spending some time working in theater in New York City, he’s returned home to Fort Worth. Now, with the help of many of the folks he used to work for as a kid, he has created Prism Theatrics, a company that he believes will establish Fort Worth as a leading producer of musicals in Texas.
“A musical takes you away,” Floyd said. “It’s a refuge where you can forget all the day-to-day negative stuff and explore the lives of others.”
Prism’s first show, 2002’s Tony Award-winning Thoroughly Modern Millie, which ran July 3 through July 22 at the Will Rogers Auditorium, was both successful and disappointing. The staging and performances went well, Floyd said, but attendance was inconsistent –– Floyd believes putting on the show in the middle of the summer heat is mostly to blame. But Prism is already working on its sophomore effort, an adaptation of the movie Pure Country. As with Millie and all future productions, the 1992 George Strait vehicle will be staged at the Will Rogers Auditorium, the 68-year-old Cultural District landmark that, at 2,856 seats, is daunting to fill but that is, in Floyd’s words, a “beautiful space.”
The 24-year-old decided to start Prism after performance opportunities began to dry up for him. Two years ago, his father advised him to blend his performance background with his business-minded personality and start his own company. Eight months later, he had all the paperwork finished.
One of the first people Floyd contacted was musical director Eugene Gwozdz, who worked on Floyd’s first professional performing job, a 2007 Casa production of Godspell at Bass Performance Hall.
Gwozdz recalled being excited and a bit shocked to get Floyd’s call. “I still remembered him as a Casa kid,” Gwozdz said. “I asked how big our orchestra would be. [Floyd] said, ‘How big do you want it to be?’ ”
Gwozdz said he wasn’t into “cheap” and expected a full orchestra with union musicians. Floyd said no problem, having found backing from a rather unlikely source: a consortium of West Texas oilmen.
“They had never funded a musical before, but they already loved going to these shows with their wives,” he said, adding that the average cost to produce a musical locally is around $16,000.
Gwozdz, who works as a music director at the Duke Ellington Center for the Arts in New York City when he isn’t touring, was also happy with Floyd’s inaugural production.
“I knew the composer of Thoroughly Modern Millie and had ties to that production from way back,” Gwozdz said.
Floyd’s next step was to hire a choreographer. His first choice was Brandon Mason, who teaches dance in New York City and has directed numerous shows in Bass Hall.
“My initial thought was yes,” Mason said, “but with him being so young, I wasn’t quite sure if I was being asked a favor or being offered a job.”
Like Gwozdz, Mason also spent his formative years in Fort Worth, starting out with Casa productions at Bass Hall before moving on to The Big Apple. Many talented actors and musicians have made the transition from North Texas to New York, but Floyd wants to prove that there can be fruitful and rewarding big-production musical theater work right here in Fort Worth. Several North Texans, including Fort Worth’s Sheran Keyton and Arlington’s Keith Warren, had leading roles in Prism’s version of Millie, whose lead role went to Angelino Anneliese van der Pol, who played Chelsea Daniels in the Disney sitcom That’s So Raven and starred as Belle in Disney’s Beauty and the Beast in New York City.
There’s no lack of progressive musical theater in town. Jubilee Theater, the oldest African-American company in the Southwest, is an institution, and Hip Pocket Theatre and Performing Arts Fort Worth are as strong now as they’ve ever been. But Prism, Floyd said, is where theatergoers can turn for a “full theater experience,” which to him means extravagant set pieces and costumes and live music by a full-blown orchestra.
“Live music [by an orchestra] brings you that much closer to the story,” he said. “When you see the music happening before you, it’s magical.”
Gwozdz said the time is right for Prism. He feels the company can fill a niche for extravaganzas and also bring some Big Apple flavor to Cowtown: “I love New York City, but there is nothing to say that Fort Worth can’t produce something just as good.”For those of you who think I am difficult, meet my son as I try to take a nice photo of him. Of course he is on his netbook right now, typing this tweet to Sean Shaw.
I had fun talking politics with
@seanshaw last night.It’s going to be awkward if I ever run against him in the future.
â€” Mark Cooper (@coopermark) August 5, 2012
If Sean wins in Ward 3, he has a deal to take over the live blogging of city council meetings. That’s scary enough, what’s scarier is that it already clicked in that he can use that ability for evil. I need to start controlling who he is folling on Twitter and online a lot more carefully. / 5 stars
good animation
How bad is your life?
Have you killed yourself yet?
Rated 5 / 5 stars
nice
true so true i started to cry(;
nah juck screwin with ya: )
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
True Meaning
But you have kind of stretched the truth a little bit.
The guy just looks bored out of everything, tell him to go to a party.
Rated 3 / 5 stars
Emo
You make life sound alot worse than it is :/Wikipedia has a special page Book sources.
Enter an ISBN, or pass it an ISBN in the format
and then you get a long listing of pre-constructed query syntaxes.
e.g. "Find this book at Safari, Amazon, in WorldCat, in RedLightGreen, ..."
The page is constructed from the templates on the regular Wikipedia Book sources page.
A similar idea to the bookservices macro in SnipSnap, but with a nicer format and huge list of potential places to query.
UPDATE 2005-05-10: In case you're not familiar with it, Wikipedia includes a built-in ISBN syntax that will automatically construct Booksources links for you.Casualties in the unraveling mess of Rutgers University athletics program stood at four late last week.
Once the damning video clips of his berating and humiliating players hit ESPN, head basketball coach Mike Rice was fired. Athletic director Tim Pernetti was resigned Friday. It was his decision in December not to fire Rice. Instead, Pernetti suspended the coach for three games and fined him for yelling profane language at his players and throwing basketballs at their heads during practices.
The lawyer who advised Pernetti not to fire Rice, as well as assistant basketball coach Jimmy Martelli also have resigned.
Perhaps there will be more fallout. Maybe there are other tapes of this abusive and atrocious behavior. Let’s make a clean sweep of this while the curtain has momentarily been lifted on this behind-the-scenes verbal and physical abuse.
Especially at this time of year when virtually everyone in the country is pinned to the TV with brackets in hand, the object lesson appears to be winning at any cost.
To accomplish that goal, colleges and universities pour millions into their programs, elevate coaches to pedestals, and make special exceptions of players. There’s an attitude of what happens behind the gym doors stays behind the gym doors – until something such as the Rice tape makes the rounds. Then we’re all shocked that this is going on.
The scandal that erupted at Penn State ought to stand as a warning of what can happen when an athletic program is allowed to become too big to curtail, too powerful for university administrators to control, a kingdom unto itself.
The Rutgers situation exposes the attitude that athletic programs are somehow above the rules governing others.
When Rice’s tactics officially came to their attention at the end of last year, university officials were wrong not to dismiss the coach at that point. If the tapes hadn’t been publicized, Rice would still be in charge, free to hurl homophobic slurs and basketballs at his players.
This Rutgers housecleaning should give athletic directors at other schools around the country something to think about – and investigate to make sure such abuse isn’t happening in their own programs.
While no program wants a shrinking violet for a coach, the days of Bobby Knight chair-throwing tantrums are over. That kind of behavior cannot and should not be tolerated.
On mobile or desktop:
• Like Times of Trenton on Facebook
• Follow @TimesofTrenton on TwitterJames Baumber Baumberger
Lobbied with the Following FirmsAmerican Academy of Pediatrics
Most Frequently Disclosed Lobbying Issues
- Agriculture,
- Consumer Product Safety,
- Disaster & Emergency Planning,
- Environment & Superfund,
- Family, Abortion & Adoption,
- Fed Budget & Appropriations,
- Health Issues,
- Indian/Native American Affairs,
- Insurance,
- Medicare & Medicaid
Clients of Firms James Baumberger Worked ForAmerican Academy of Pediatricsadele
><<
Michael Jackson was the King of Pop, but it seems Adele might be the Queen with her album 21 overtaking Thriller on the UK’s all-time bestsellers list..
> […]Enhanced Fluoropolymer Membrane Reactors for Production of Pharmaceutical Interme
Award Information
Small Business Information
335 Water Street, Newport, DE, 19804-
Principal Investigator:
ANDREWFEIRING
(302) 999-7996
afeiring@compactmembrane.com
(302) 999-7996
afeiring@compactmembrane.com
Business Contact:
STUARTNEMSER
(302) 999-7996
bkelley@compactmembrane.com
(302) 999-7996
bkelley@compactmembrane.com
Research Institute:
Stub
AbstractDESCRIPTION (provided by applicant): The commercial syntheses of many pharmaceutical active ingredients and intermediates require acid catalysts and the removal of water to drive reactions to completion. Typical reactions include esterifications of carboxylic acids with alcohols, Friedel-Crafts acylations and alkylations, Schiff base, acetal and ketal formation and nitrations of aromatic compounds. Although common mineral acids are typically employed as catalysts, they create issues with product purification, waste disposal, safety, the environment and homeland security. Compact Membrane Systems, Inc. (CMS) proposes to develop membrane reactors (MR) to enhance these processes and eliminate the problems created by existing acid catalysts. CMS proposes developing enhanced membrane reactors and demonstrating performance on relevant pharmaceutical reactants. CMS has obtained key industry experts to facilitate this program. In this program, CMS will fabricate the membrane reactors. The resultant MR will be used torun reactions of pharmaceutical interest such as the alkylation and nitration of aromatic compounds. Expectation is that the CMS membrane reactor will result in higher yields, faster reactions and less contaminated products relative to incumbent processesand will have a very long lifetime due to the perfluorinated nature of the polymer. Society will benefit due to the lower production costs for the products, option for synthesis at lower temperature to maximize API efficacy, minimization of waste productsand elimination of the transport and storage of strong mineral acids. PUBLIC HEALTH RELEVANCE: Project Narrative The use of catalytic membrane reactors can replace acid catalysts in the synthesis of pharmaceutical products at lower cost and higherprocessing throughput.
* information listed above is at the time of submission.
-
- News
- Calendar
- Blogs
- Sports
- Entertainment
- Business
- Lifestyles
- Community
- Opinion
-
- Classifieds
- Coupons
- Local Savings
- Green Editions
- Legal Notices
- Contests
- Weekly Ads
Connect with Us
-
-
-
- NEWSLETTERS
Using people as a resource
Local businesses are now able to evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of their employees to make sure they are reaching their potential, with the opening of a new company in Port Orchard.
“I have the ability to visit any organization and make their people more efficient,” said Chris Devine, a representative of Workforce Dimensions. “I can talk to the owner and see what they expect from their employees, and determine who is performing well and who needs to be moved into a position where they can be more effective.”
Devine, 41, who opened the business in September, represents a national company that has 700 branches nationwide.
He has lived in Port Orchard for five years and was working in Tacoma when he was approached by the company with the idea of opening a local branch. He jumped at the opportunity.
The process includes a skills test, which were more common 20 years ago. These new tests differ in administration, in that they are given online and don’t require the subject to visit a psychologist’s office.
The new tests also differ in their ability to pinpoint a subject’s strengths rather than point out their weaknesses or personality flaws, according to Devine.
Tests are still used for employment screening, but are used here to gauge whether employees are qualified for the job they already have.
Consultation is free. The tests range in costs, from pre-employment screenings ($15) to full evaluations ($195).
“The assessment tests give a view about how each person operates,” Devine said. “It spotlights their natural aptitudes, and measures their verbal skills and other factors like sociability.
“These are not value judgments,” he explained, “and are only to determine suitability for specific jobs. For example, a receptionist who rates low on the sociability scale may be better off in another position.”
Devine acknowledges that some people may be reluctant to answer the questions truthfully should the test reveal something that jeopardizes their job. This is especially crucial in an economy where finding a new job isn’t ever easy.
To compensate for this, the tests are worded in such a way to detect untrue answers. And even if some people get moved around — or worst case, even laid off — the employer has the ability to become more effective and efficient.
“Companies are trying to do more with less,” Devine said. “They need to make the best use of their resources, and are wondering how they can accomplish everything they need to do with the workforce they already have in place.”
Even as the service increases the employer’s efficiency, there is an equal or greater benefit for the employee.
It provides an opportunity to improve their skills, which will benefit them wherever they work in the future. No one, he said, should be threatened by this test.
Ultimately, the service reflects common economic sense, according to Devine.
“If you have a small business you are already trying to do more with less,” he said. “So the smaller the business the more effective these assessments are and the faster they will show results. It can take a longer time for improvements to take hold in a larger corporation.”
Latest news, top stories, and community events,
delivered to your inbox.
Trending Stories May 15 - May 22
Read the May 22
Green Edition
Browse the print edition page by page, including stories and ads.Researchers are looking to mechanize the process for large-scale seaweed production as well as cost-effective renewable energy processes for drying seaweed before overall costs shoot up.
The traditional method of seaweed farming is labor-intensive, where twines have to be impregnated with millimetre-sized seaweed embryos, which are then wound around ropes and left in the water to grow. The seaweed then has to be harvested by hand.
However, small-scale seaweed farms have started operating around the globe to harvest the marine macroalgae in more efficient ways.
The material belongs to one of the many groups of multicellular red, green and brown algae and is widely used to produce vitamin supplements or cosmetics in many parts of the world.
The rise of macro algae in cosmetic formulations.The Church speaks the truth, not politics
Could I just point out that, with the publication of Choosing the Common Good, described as the Roman Catholic Church's "election manifesto", the one, holy, apostolic and universal Church isn't falling into line with Conservative policy, or for that matter backing any political policy.
It's rather the other way round. The Vatican speaks eternal Truth (or tries to). Politicians sometimes see some electoral mileage in facing that truth. It's politics that blows in the wind like reeds, not the Church.
On matters such as family life and marriage, it would be good to see the headline "Tories back the Church", rather than the temporal tail wagging the eternalFedEx Locations - Bainbridge, GA
Goin Postal 806 Loop Ave Ste A
Edward Jones Investments - Outside
102 E Broughton St
Inland Travel Center - Outside
1800 Dothan Rd
Jack Rabbit Bp Station - Outside
45 Hwy 84 E
Cairo Pack N Ship 613 US Hwy 84 Bainainbridge, GA. Select a design template and personalize it to best suit your needs. Order online for easy and convenient printing and delivery.
Shipping & Delivery
We can help you choose your shipping and delivery options. Learn how to schedule a FedEx® delivery in Bainbridge, or hold your package for pickup at a nearby FedEx location. And now you can ship more for less than you think with FedEx One Rate®.Metrics Driven Marketing: Bridging the Gap between your Brand and Technology
Thursday, May 28th, 2015Learn More
Cooper Munroe and Emily McKhann - Co-Founders
The Motherhood
Cooper and Emily turned to the Institute Institute to rely on when it came time to focus on Robert Wholey & Company’s retail operations and sell the wholesale part of the business.
Monday, June 8th
Phipps Conservatory
Join us for a fun and casual evening of good food and good company!
We drive success for closely-held businesses through custom support at every step of the business lifecycle – startup, growth and transition.
The Institute, May 28th, 2015Learn More
Monday June 8, 2015Learn More
Each month the Pennsylvania Small Business Development Center (PA SBDC) features a consultant and the work they dLearn More
(PITTSBURGH, Pa.) – The University of Pittsburgh Innovation Institute, following a national search, has appointed RobeLearn More
Got a great idea? Pittsburgh entrepreneurs with a great start up idea can submit a video pitch by week’s enLearn More
We thank our dedicated sponsors, whose generosity makes our work to empower entrepreneurs and impact communities possible.Hear ye, hear ye, there's not much to report....
A few weeks ago, we were alerted on this forum to Australian ex-JW Mr Steve Unthank's pending legal proceedings against the Watchtower Society on the grounds that the Society - alone among organized religious groups - had refused to comply with the state of Victoria's 2007 legislation requiring all those who work with children to undergo police checks. Those of us who read more widely noticed the inflammatory religiosity of the edict Mr Unthank furnished for the court's pleasure. In trumped up language befitting someone who seemed to think he was destined for an important role in the scheme of things, Mr Unthank demanded that the Watchtower Society apologize - and the wording suggested he expected the Society would indeed be orderedvia the court to apologize to a worldwide audience. The Watchtower would - yawn - be brought to its knees. A terribly forceful justice would be unleashed...all from little old Victoria, Australia. One can almost hear the Watchtower lawyers losing perhaps a nanosecond of sleep...and then crashing into deep and peaceful sleep.
Expectedly, the media would have viewed Mr Unthanks edict as looking suspiciously like the product of an óbsessive mind itching to plunge in the first knife. Yet, the state of Victoria itself was not interested in taking any action against the Watchtower Society, despite the legislation coming up to its 4th birthday. Some elsewould have to stir the black pot. Of course, with a wide range of views doing the rounds, including apathy, Mr Unthanks was certain to get a few supportive quotes from sundry politicians and others expressing hardly surprising anti-JW sentiments. Every field has its dandelions there for the picking. Mr Unthank certainly capitalized on the limited verbal support, quoting an official here and there as speaking out against the Watchtower Society.That others viewed him as a nuisance got lesser attention, though.
It all came across as trumped up and desperate. A few posters on this site waxed excited about the pending action. The air was filled yet again with the breathlessness that keeps close company with sensation seeking. In the meantime, the air has left the room seeking the calm light of common sense. And what was reported by the media? Next to nothing in the mainstream media in Australia and zilch elsewhere - apart from a few websites who attract anything anti-JW, sound or otherwise.
We should stay tuned, though. Pester the press long enough and they will answer the door. Only they may not give you the coverage you have so ached for.>>!
What esc would look like in full 3-D Credits to the Esc team and TA 3-D team for the conversions (note that esc doesn't really work on TA 3-D..)
O_O
!!! IMPRESSIVE !!!
(P.s. And what's the name of this music?)
I found out what the song is called. It's "Visionary" by Rameses B
I don't know the name of the song, sorry, if anyone knows please post.
That was awesome.
It would lag?
seriously you guys made a video just to make us want it even more? urg...
i was pretty sure i saw a ta spring mod that had alot of the same units from this. anyone know which mod has the cyberoth/fat shrew spider thing?from £<<
Chalet / 4 bedrooms / sleeps 6
Availability Your dates are available
Chalet / 4 bedrooms / sleeps 6
You want to be in THE best ski station and in walking distance to Central Verbier, here you go.......................
South oriented 3 bedroom apartment with fireplace in the world-famous ski resort of Verbier; recognized as one of the premiere “off-piste” resorts in the world. Verbier is not only a stunning example of a quaint Swiss village but it is also home to top class skiers who enjoy the many all-year slopes in the area.
Rent this large functional chalet for a group of young friends or a two-family holiday, the chalet sleeps 7-8 people. South-facing and with panoramic views of the Grand Combin massif the chalet has a ¾ wrap-around terrace, as well as second floor balconies leading from the main bedroom, and one of the children's rooms.
A large main bedroom with a queen sized bed is complimented by a smaller double bedroom and two bedrooms with bunk beds. There is one bathroom and another guest toilet on the downstairs level. A large open plan lounge and dining area are warmed by a deep, stone fireplace and comfortable furnishings. A functional kitchen is separated by the kitchen counter and dining area.
Features and Facilities
The Valais region
Verbier is part of the “Four Valleys” (“4 Vallées”) ski area with a total of 410 km marked runs. In Verbier alone, there are 35 lifts and a standard Verbier pass gives access to this entire sector, 33 standard ski runs, two snowparks, one “Jardin de Neige”, four cross-country pistes and two walking areas.
Verbier
Valley of Bagnes, Valais, Switzerland
Ulrike B.
100% Response rate
Calendar last updated:07 Feb 2014
Based in South Africa
- German
- ItalianIn his newest publication, Jewish Babylonia Between Persia and Roman Palestine (Oxford University Press, 2006), Dr. Richard Kalmin explores the influences that rendered the Babylonian Talmud a rich tapestry of diverse cultural, religious, and political features.
In this book, Dr. Kalmin, the Theodore R. Racoosin Professor of Talmud at The Jewish Theological Seminary, places the Babylonian Talmud in its historical context, studying the Talmud as a document of Babylonia. As a province of the Persian Empire, Babylonia was influenced by Persian culture, but as home to a significant Jewish community, Babylonia was influenced by the culture of the land of Israel, the source of rabbinic Judaism.
An expert on the interpretation of Jewish stories, ancient history, and the development of rabbinic literature, Dr. Kalmin is the author of several critically acclaimed books on the Babylonian period, including Sages, Stories, Authors and Editors in Rabbinic Babylonia, touted as a classic in its field. His most recent article, "The Formation and Character of the Babylonian Talmud," was published in The Cambridge History of Judaism, vol.4: The Late Roman–Rabbinic Period, for which he served on the Executive Editorial Committee.
Dr. Kalmin has been a visiting professor at Yale University, Hebrew Union College, and Union Theological Seminary, and has also served as Chair of JTS's Department of Talmud and Rabbinics. He lectures extensively on these subjects throughout Europe, Israel, and the United States.
Editors/Reporters: To schedule an interview with Dr. Kalmin, please contact Sherry S. Kirschenbaum in the JTS Department of Communications at (212) 678–8953 or email.
Advance Praise for Jewish Babylonia Between Persia and Roman Palestine
"The Babylonian Talmud played a decisive role in determining the beliefs and practices of mainstream Judaism through the ages, and in a masterpiece of scholarly research Kalmin has produced a wonderfully nuanced portrait of the social groups and cultural environment that helped shape this monumental literary corpus..." — Isaiah Gafni, Sol Rosenbloom Professor of Jewish History, Hebrew University, Jerusalem
"Richard Kalmin has long been one of the leading exponents of a historical reading of the Babylonian Talmud ... This is an important book that will help to place the Babylonian Talmud within the academic study of the world of late antiquity." — Shaye J.D. Cohen, Nathan Littauer Professor of Hebrew Literature and Philosophy, Harvard.Fashion your most stylish self.
Culture, tips & hacks for every man.
Modern motherhood. Redefined.
Discover something delicious.
Shape a mindful, balanced life.
Entertaining this season? Infuse your holiday parties with good cheer the old fashioned way: with killer cocktails. Created by some of the nation's best movers and cocktail shakers, the following... John McCain. And you know who else was no average Joe? Ronald Reagan. Maybe there's a movie star exception.
Does Barack Obama seem like an average Joe? Republicans don't think so...I don't know. But even spotting him the last three presidents, for whatever that's worth, he's still not getting there. Far more nominees fail that test than pass it, and before the Clinton/W/Obama group, I'm not sure when the previous average Joe showed up. Truman, I suppose. Surely not FDR, and he seemed to be just fine as a presidential candidate.
For that matter, thinking about FDR, or McCain, or Reagan, or perhaps Obama, reminds us that in fact "average Joe" is only one of a number of politician personalities that can work just fine. That's part of what Richard Fenno talks about in Home Style -- part of a politician's promises have to do with the type of person he or she will be, personality included, but there are a wide variety of choices. What's important isn't picking the right one; what's important is acting, after the election, how one "promised" to act.
In other words...it's just another one of those things that some political reporters and pundits are used to saying, but five seconds of thinking about it reveals that it's pretty much nonsense.
Also Gore won the most votes from voters nationwide although he lost in the most important swing state: the Supreme Court.
I think we should coin a new term, the Gore Fallacy, for whenever a pundit makes a generalization about defeated presidential candidates using Al Gore as one of the examples.
Note my recent post on "Patterns," where I made the point that any presidential election pattern which would be ruined if you code Gore/Bush the other way...is probably not a pattern to pay any attention to.
I had that post specifically in mind, but it's something I've noticed for a while now.
The real point about the weakness of Gore as a candidate is that, given the peace and prosperity America enjoyed in 2000, it shouldn't even have been all that close. Hence, pointing to Gore's popular vote plurality (48.4-47.9) or to how Nader hurt Gore or arguing whether Gore "really" carried Florida somewhat misses the point in answering arguments that he was a bad candidate.
While that's a valid point, from what I've seen it's used heavily as a rationalization for the habit so many pundits have of retroactively assessing a candidate based on whether they won or lost. When's the last time a candidate who made it to the White House was commonly described as a bad candidate? Or a losing candidate described as a good one? The fact is that practically the only time we ever hear the argument "he didn't do as well as he should have" is in discussions about Gore in 2000, and it's mostly just a post hoc way of dealing with the fact that he got stamped with the "loser" image purely because he didn't end up in the White House, regardless of how accurately or not it reflected the will of the voters.
I agree that a lot of candidates have "underperformed" and yet it is not sufficiently noticed, simply because they won. In 1960, given that the Democrats were easily the majority party (Ike's popularity was personal, not partisan) and that the country was in a recession (admittedly a mild one) I think JFK should have won more convincingly (this is one reason I think his religion was a net minus, not a plus). There is a story that after the election, someone told Bobby Kennedy, "You're a genius!" and Bobby replied, "Change 60,000 votes and I'm a bum."
There are, of course, those who argue that Obama underperformed due to his race. But the issue I've been raising concerns assessment of a candidate's skills: those who win are immediately seen as skillful candidates, those who lose as inept. The Gore example, to me, has long been a sort of ultimate reductio ad absurdum to this line of thinking. Even people who know perfectly well he got more votes than his opponent still think of him as a loser, which in turns leads them to think of him as a poor candidate. As soon as you bring up his popular-vote lead or the questionable results in Florida, only then do they fall back on the argument, "Well, he did worse than he should have"--something you almost never hear applied to other elections, including 1960. In fact, the conventional lesson we always hear about 1960 is that JFK won because of his superior telegenic qualities.
(Great quote, by the way.)
Cilizza is surely wrong that appearing to be an "Average Joe" is "critically important to your chances of winning." But it's not nothing!
Put it this way: It's not that non-Average-Joes can't win; it's that they are more likely to lose to Average Joes.
In five of the last six presidential elections, the more "Average-Joe-y" candidate won. (As to the sixth one, I consider Obama and McCain to be about equal in their Average-Joe-iness.) So there's that.
There are a lot of personalities that a politician can choose from, true, but the home-spun, down-to-earth Average Joe is a tried and tested winner.
Like "Charisma," "average joe"-ism is retroactively assigned to winners and detracted from losers.
Which is to say, it's like Dana Milbank's columns about the "good" John McCain.
Like "Charisma," "average joe"-ism is retroactively assigned to winners and detracted from losers.
Exactly.
But Cillizza isn't proclaiming it retroactively. It's an observation and hedged prediction.
Having pointed that out, I agree that Cillizza is overplaying this.
This is of a piece with other liberals--particularly the Acela press corps--who want to like Christie as a tough Daddy (in Maureen Dowd's pungent Freudian parlance) and give some justification for the warmth they feel for a reactionary toad.
This not only overplays a non-existent quality, it underlines an actual fact of the post-war presidency: more than other time, it validates egomania and sociopathy, not "averageness."
The only thing that this highlights is that Cillizza has read Theodore White but not Richard Ben Cramer, or even Roger Ailes: that "Average Joe"-ism, a proxy for "have a beer with" is a marketing trick that fails to predict governing skill just as much as it might predict it.
There haven't been any "average Joe" presidents in my lifetime -- and that includes Southern Rhodes scholar "bubba" Clinton. I know that George W. Bush was voted by the media as the former-alcoholic cut up they'd most like to "have a beer with," but I never thought that was because he was an "average Joe" (although he is, perhaps, an average intellect). I thought it was because the media's self-described "meritocrats" really love the idea of rubbing elbows with, and sucking up to, the country's true, dynastic elite.
The media's love of ascribing "average joe-ness" as a crucial quality in a politician is also a backdoor way of making the male voter and male politician the default most important representative of the nation. (It's less explicit, but I'd also say that the image of joe-ness that the media often has in mind is also coded as white, so it's also an implicit ethnic preference.)
Dovetails with their disproportionate preoccupation with the white working class.
Ugh hear hear. it's so easy to sneak in normative judgments under nominally neutral descriptors that a lot of people probably don't even notice that they're defining women, non-whites, (most?) big city-dwellers, non-Christians, people perceived as too Christian, &c., out of the average, i.e., out of the Real America.
I bet even fewer of them notice that they're not defining the very rich out of the average.
Does "average Joe" mean "not too smart?" Or "does not appear to be too much smarter than me" that it makes me uncomfortable. That's how I understand it.
Some candidates win by virtue of seeming smart--FDR, JFK, Obama. But for others, the perception is a liability. Along these lines?
There's another, related, point, and that has to do with race. I suspect that Obama benefited from appearing intelligent because many white Americans find it easier to deal with a black intellectual than a black "average Joe."
I actually had this thought the first time I saw Obama speak, at the 2004 Democratic Convention. His speech immediately followed (or was immediately followed by--I can't remember) Howard Dean's, and I noticed that Dean used contractions a lot more than Obama did. It occurred to me that Dean, as a white politician, had more to gain from sounding informal, whereas Obama had more to gain from sounding more polished.
I think you are missing the more obvious explanation: that Obama is the good twin, and Dean the evil one.
@JB: thank you. it turns out that after a long day of reading Virgil with recalcitrant students (which isn't done yet, but at least I get to sit down for this part), a "Star Trek" joke is exactly what I needed ... actually I am not sure I even care about the joke: just being reminded of childlike androids and their tweeny brothers is enough to make me smile.
um, unless this is some more general rule of good twin-bad twin fiction? -- in which case, I feel kind of lame that "Star Trek" is what immediately came to mind ......
Always happy to cheep people up when they need it!
And yeah, as far as I know Data and Lor are the only ones who are distinguished by ability to use contractions.
I'm very frustrated right now because the youngest daughter hasn't watched the Picard show yet; we're still on the final season of the Kirk show, which I enjoy tremendously, but we've been moving slowly through it forever -- and she likes being systematic, so we're not going to skip ahead. She likes it, but is often in the mood for something else.
On the good side, since she's about to enter high school, we just started Buffy. Which is, of course, really fun.
(OK, the sad part is what we also this summer finally finished Buffy season 7 with the oldest daughter, just after her first year of college. Major slow-down after season three, and tough slog getting through season six...).
Uh, sorry for the long diversion everyone.
we've been moving slowly through it forever -- and she likes being systematic, so we're not going to skip ahead. She likes it, but is often in the mood for something else
ha, yeah that's me in re: TNG. My husband watched it as a kid, starting rewatching at random, I made him start again from the beginning with me, and after two years we're ... most of the way through season four. In some ways TNG is quite disappointing. For one, though I haven't watched that much of it TOS seems largely to belong to the "thought experiment" tradition of science fiction, and I had expected TNG to, but no. For another, they're constantly discussing top-level social organization, but without depth or detail. The most I've learned about how the Federation works at home came from when there were rumors of strange doings among top brass and then it turned out everyone had been taken over by those bugs that made them super-strong; other than that I have no sense of the hierarchy, how people are assigned specific tasks or how those tasks are divided, how representative Federation government is -- it appears to be quite centralized, but is that just for general organizing principles, and they don't engage with details because everything else is done locally? And that sort of thing. It all seems very French, or maybe just European more generally, with Star Fleet Academy functioning like ENA or X as an exam-based admission ticket for the very, very few into the political and cultural elites, which run things through centralized control and a massive class of career civil servants and a minimum of unseemly scuffling over politics. (Yes, it's just a show and I should really just relax, but -- I'm not trying to catch them out in errors; I'm specifying issues they bring up that I wish they would engage with.)
I'm not really sorry for the long digression, everyone. 'Cause just don't read it then, right?
I've never watched "Buffy" because it seemed too scary.
Agreed about TOS and thought experiments, and also that IMHO the best TNG episodes are those that hark back to this tradition. Overall, my simple heuristic is this: TNG is like high school in space. In fact, a remarkable number of series are basically high school in some other setting: Abby McBeal was high school in a law firm, for instance. (And I guess Buffy is high school in high school? I'm not a viewer.) I'm talking here about what issues preoccupy the characters, especially in their off-hours: who's got a crush on whom, who's going steady with whom, who's got problems with mom or dad or a sibling, etc. Also, how relatively foregrounded those off-hours are (much more in TNG than in TOS, I think, although I wonder if any fangeek out there has ever quantified this.)
This is not a criticism, incidentally -- different strokes, and all -- although like any other narrative tendency or gimmick, it can get out of hand in a long series and become too dully predictable.
I always assumed it was spelled Lore (as in Folklore, the opposite of Data).
@SM: it is! when the episode title "Datalore" flashed across my screen I thought "oh amazing we're going to get far-distant past stories about Data." and so we did, I suppose. I really like the stark antithesis you put forward (previously only hazing formulated in my mind), because the episode is about how Data's identity is as much a product of his life history as anyone else's, even though Data himself denies that his identity is any way narratively constructed -- or, in other words, the episode is about how Data has defined lore out of his life, but it keeps coming back to haunt him with its unnerving creative flexibility. And ditto ditto for Lore.
@Jeff: maybe that's why "Freaks and Geeks" is so hard for people to watch: they want alt universe high school fic, not what high school was really like.
The TOS movies have more of the high school feel, too, don't they? Battles between cliques with distinct "look"s (for instance Khan et al. dress like a hair band), awkward appearances of ex-lovers, field trips (to the aquarium! in twentieth-century San Francisco), but mostly because Kirk and Spock spend so much more time in the movies than in the show declaring themselves bff and talking about how much their lives would suck without each other.
Man, you know what was a terrible idea? The Borg Queen. Now the Borg, there's a neat thought experiment about the organizational structure of society for you. Why would you ruin that? (just to have a scene of some freaky lady hitting on Data? 'cause that happens all the time anyway.)
Oh, and back to @JB: Data's daughter also uses contractions ..... not sure how that meshes with the Howard Dean analogy.
Wait a sec -- neither of you have watched Buffy? Really?
Strongly, strongly recommend it. It's very unlikely it's too scary; I'm not a horror fan at all, and my wife is horror-averse, and neither of us find it a problem.
The truly great seasons are 2 and 3 -- you can pretty much get away with watching only a few season one episodes, and skip a little later, and quit after season three...but I'd be very surprised if you don't enjoy it.
On Next Generation...agree with Jeff. I guess what I'd say is that both shows work best when they plop our heroes into a basic science fiction story that could work with any characters, but it's especially fun to navigate them with our friends. Almost all the soap opera stuff on TNG annoys me...well, mostly, it's the romances that annoy me. The one-dimensional romances on the Kirk show work way better, IMO, than the two-dimensional ones on TNG.
DS9 doesn't have (for the most part) the excellent stand-alone science fiction plots that the first two shows had, but the long-term plots, including the romances, are far superior. And there's a lot more politics in it, although it surely doesn't address all the questions we have about the Federation, Starfleet, etc.
The one-dimensional romances on the Kirk show work way better, IMO, than the two-dimensional ones on TNG.
Right, well put.
As to Buffy, I have no excuse, other than the usual: Vita brevis, ars longa. But OK, noted, thanks for specifying the best seasons.
@classicist: The TOS movies have more of the high school feel, too, don't they?
Well, most of them come from (roughly) the same era as TNG, so some similarities are probably to be expected. It does help, though, that they're movies, which means there's less time to fill -- the central adventure can take up most of "episode." Also that the characters heading into late middle age, and this fact is "thematized," as the lit-crit crowd would say. One thing I dislike about the new movie franchise is that it's really trying hard to high-school-ize things again, even more so than TNG. The characters even look 17. But, as we know, blockbuster films these days are mostly made for that demographic.
@Jeff -- I don't know what "thematized" means! you forget that humanities people don't think philosophers belong to them ... other than that, good points.
My better angels are warning me that this thread has gotten way too cool to drag it back to the open, but I never listen to those better angels anyway, so here goes...maybe when Cillizza says "Average Joe" he means "Not presenting outside-the-norm equities that are easy for the media to pick on".
In the hyper-partisan media era, we have:
Bush 41: a supermarket scanner
Dukakis: an Abrams tank
Clinton: the astroturf in the El Camino
Gore: the lockbox
Bush 43: the constant smirk
Kerry: duck-huntin' in his jeans
McCain: Palin
Romney: NASCAR (owner) friends
All of these are instances of politicians attempting to put themselves in a particular frame, missing badly, and the opportunistic media making hay with those errors. Didn't matter to the elections, I guess, but probably sold a lot of copy. The point being that "average" (per se) should not be the politician's goal, but rather the goal should be the outcome average people achieve (not being plucked out of their frame for ridicule).
Actually, Kerry is particularly interesting in this respect. He took heat probably more than any other on that rogue's gallery from the Swift Boaters. His transgression, I guess, is that his medals over in Vietnam were not earned in circumstances meriting their awarding. Sounds pretty...average, no?
Pretty clearly, Kerry took heat not because he wasn't "average" enough (he was quite that!) but rather because he tried to contrast his own commander-in-chief bona fides with the other guy's, tried to adopt a frame that was more than average, and it was his averageness (or poor fit for that frame) that helped write all that Swift Boat copy.
If that made sense. If it didn't, who cares, go back to the Star Trek stuff, that's more interesting anyway.
Oh, by all means. It's actually been a very interesting discussion other than where I hijacked it.
An obvious point, but as no one has made it yet:
If an "average Joe" was really what the voters actually want, wouldn't we have now President Biden and Vice-President Obama?
Jon,
I'll watch Buffy when you watch Barney Miller. Deal?
Hey, I've watched a fair amount of Barney Miller. I really don't remember how much, but surely at least a dozen episodes, could very well be more.
And I don't hate it...it's just not really one of my shows. But I have given it a chance, and I'm sure I'll watch it again sometime.
Sorry, I couldn't resist....). Subs: 16 Lloyd Burns, 17 Ryan Bevington, 18 Alun Wyn Jones, 19 Andy Powell, 20 Lloyd Williams, 21 Stephen Jones, 22 Scott WilliamsRespond to this message
Return to Index
Original Message
March 10th "Albert Hebert Benefit John Slidell Park" please read
Mark Hebert (
no login
)
Posted Feb 27, 2012 3:17 PM
March 10th @ Slidell" Albert Hebert Benefit" revised please read plus prize package is done.
To the softball community and to whoever can please help The Hebert Family out. The day was January 15th 2012 when my father Albert Hebert had a severe stroke at his house in the middle of the night while he was asleep.He was rushed to North Oaks Hospital in Hammond. The Doctors pulled him in the ER for 3 hours and ran all major test on him. To find out he had 100% blockage on his left side of the brain and 50% on his right side of the brain. The left side of his body caught it the worst. His left arm and leg are paralyzed for 5 weeks straight. Than last week we finally got a break he took 12 steps than this past Monday he took 42 steps. His left arm is still paralyzed. We are very thankful at this time he can walk some. This tells me the work of god is working. The Hebert family appreciates all the prayers from the softball community,family,and friends etc. I'm so blessed to have great people and friends like y'all in my life.
This tournament is for my father who needs a special leg brace to support him to walk. This brace will run between 1,800 - 2,200. His insurance will not cover it because in December 2011 my father retired after 33 years in the construction business.Its sad that the insurance he has will not cover one penny. This brace will help him tremendously to his road to recover. I'm asking for everybody to please help me and my family out on this tournament.
Thanks to all the Hebert Family appreciates it very much!
**** I HAVE 7 FIELDS FOR THIS TOURNAMENT SO NO LIMIT ON TEAMS ******
John Slidell Park
NSA Rules
Men's Tournament
Double Elimination Format
Entry Fee:$225
Homerun Rule: 3&1 up
Stamped NSA Balls only
Coed Tournament
Double Elimination Format
Entry Fee: $200
3 Homeruns than an out
40 or 44 core balls
6&4,7&5,6&6
PRIZE PACKAGES FOR MEN'S & COED
Men's based on 15 men's teams
1st- (2) Miken DC 41's
2nd- (2) NXT's
3rd- (1) Miken FX700
Coed based on 10 teams
1st- (1) Miken Bat
2nd- (1) Miken Bat
3rd- 1 dozen of balls and $50 cash
I want everyone to know that these prizes are from my personal stuff. (5) bats and the dozen of balls were mine. I have to sacarfrice my stuff to get my father this leg brace i will. I would do anything to see him get up and walk out of this hospital.
Thanks again to everyone!
Mark Hebert
You only have 1 father and I'm so blessed and thankful for mine.
Mark Hebert
(985) 974-7396
Johnny Williams
(985) 445-3140?)No eBook available
Rent and save from the world's largest eBookstore. Read, highlight, and take notes, across web, tablet, and phone.
Go to Google Play Now »
29 pages matching courtly in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 29
It was a very comprehensive, if jam-packed and fast-paced, overview of modern art history. It had a distinctively communist/socialist slant to the research and not all findings were without bias. All in all, an interesting read. Read full reviewAs far as dps, Rogues and druids have stealth, hunters have range, and warriors have extra armor and hp. So shouldn't we be doing the most DPS? At least on par with a rougue- who is wearing leather armor but has high evasion and stealth?
Compare us to a hunter. How many times have you seen a 20-2 hunter running around a bg? They have a pet AND range to protect them, so should we have a higher natural dps then them seeing as we have no pet and must be in melee range?
I've considered that shamans can heal, but that's not really all that critical when you're in melee range alot.
This is a hypothetical question, I'm really interested to see what you guys think.The Phillies are nearing a four-year deal with Ryan Madson. Here are some more notes about the team, starting with a potential teammate for the closer:
- Michael Cuddyer visited the Phillies today, according to Tom Sredenschek of FOX 29 in Philadelphia (on Twitter). The Phillies are said to be pursuing the outfielder seriously.
- The Phillies are still talking to free agent right-hander Roy Oswalt as they complete their deal with Madson, according to Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports (Twitter link). Many other teams are pursuing Oswalt, who seeks a multiyear deal. Rosenthal reported earlier today that the Nationals plan a major push for Oswalt.
- Cuddyer placed 11th on MLBTR's list of top free agents, while Madson ranked 14th and Oswalt placed 18th.BEHIND THE WHEEL/2001 Pontiac Aztek; Add Rats and Snakes And Play 'Survivor'
By DAN LIENERT
Published: September 17, 2000
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.— YOUR take on Pontiac's Aztek may depend, to some extent, on whether you think Richard Hatch is a fashion icon.
One reward for the rat-noshing performance of the surly ''Survivor'' survivor was a 2001 Aztek. And adjectives that viewers might use for the Machiavellian island king also sum up Pontiac's out-of-left-field crossover vehicle: bloated, polarizing, independent, more intelligent than truly rugged.
Pontiac insists that the Aztek, with its party-friendly tailgate and gear for hiking, biking and camping, is about having fun. But it looks like a module for survival, and it would seem right at home among the Twinkies and cockroaches that are expected to make it unscathed through nuclear winter.
The ultimate slap in the face of the ''retro'' aesthetic, the Aztek seems to be making an unapologetic dash toward a future in which one would eat, sleep, communicate and store gear in one's car -- think of it as ''Road Warrior'' without the weaponry.
Although the Aztek is aimed at buyers from 25 to 35 years old -- the young blood that General Motors badly needs to lure into its graying family -- Don Butler, the 36-year-old Aztek brand manager, said customers had tended to be closer to 40 so far.
As a college student who drove a red test vehicle around the Boston area for a week, I found that, like the Chrysler PT Cruiser, the Aztek got a ''what's that?'' reaction, but that students had a harder time loving the futuristic Aztek than DaimlerChrysler's much tamer retro offering.
Staff writers at The Harvard Lampoon raced out of their building to get a look, but reactions leaned more toward ''interesting'' than ''cool.'' Jean Yu, a 21-year-old English major from St. Joseph, Mo., said she ''didn't see what all the huge hype was about, other than it has a tent.''
''I was impressed by all the gadgets,'' said Dan Mintz, 19, a philosophy major from Anchorage. ''I'm kind of sick of looking at sport utility vehicles, but it looks a little more like a car than most of them, without sacrificing space.''
That was about the extent of the buzz it stimulated. But excitement and curiosity are different things, and the Aztek generated an endless amount of wonder.
''I feel like I'm in 'Star Trek,' '' was my mother's response to the vehicle's abundance of ultramodern features and cockpit controls -- like an optional dot-matrix display that projects information like the speedometer reading and radio selections onto the windshield in front of the driver.
The center console is a cooler that lifts out. The satellite communication of OnStar will help to find you if you're lost or open your doors if you lock yourself out. An option package provides an air mattress and a tent that attaches over the rear hatch. But it's hard to imagine that anyone would buy the Aztek to get the tent.
The Aztek (along with a refined twin, the Buick Rendezvous, which is yet to come) represents General Motors' best effort in the white-hot market for crossovers that combine traits of different types of vehicles.
But while a crossover like the Ford Explorer SportTrac distills the vital ingredients of a pickup and an S.U.V., the Aztek tries to cram in every characteristic of a minivan and a sport utility, along with a few features from the Millennium Falcon.
''Overambitious isn't a word I'd use,'' said Mr. Butler, the brand manager. ''We wanted to make it as versatile and adaptable as possible.''
But for the young, the features and gadgets may not matter as much as the sticker price, which starts at $21,995. (The GT test vehicle was $27,835.) That may be too steep for younger buyers already being tempted by low-priced cars like the Toyota Echo.
Although the mechanical underpinnings of the Aztek are less interesting than the philosophy behind it, Pontiac did come up with a smooth ride. The front-drive model I tested had a remarkably strong suspension, so it's safe to assume that the independent rear suspension on the all-wheel-drive model -- due next year for $2,400 extra -- will be even tighter. The widely spaced wheels and long wheelbase add stability. The Aztek handles much like a minivan, which is to say it is safe, secure and not very exciting.
The 3.4-liter pushrod V-6 won't win drag races, but it generates enough power (185 horses) and torque (210 foot-pounds at 4,000 r.p.m.) to bail you out of a moderately rough spot. The low-end pull is particularly useful on models with the $365 trailer towing package or for anyone hauling heavy stuff.
Pontiac sold 1,449 Azteks last month, well below the pace that would meet its projection of 50,000 to 60,000 a year, and several dealers around Boston agreed that sales had been disappointing. Michael Ranahan, a salesman at North Shore Buick Pontiac GMC in Malden, Mass., said his dealership has had an Aztek on the showroom floor for a month and ''no one has touched it.''
Many of the Aztek's features seem geared toward families. For example, the GT model offers an optional, separate backseat audio system that lets rear passengers plug in their headphones and play their own tapes or CD's. But that's a feature that will appeal more to adolescents seeking isolation than to college buddies on a road trip.
Another set of radio controls in the cargo area, with speakers canted toward the rear, seem custom-made for a tailgate party (as does the tailgate, which when open offers two cup holders and indentations that represent two awkward, uncomfortable seats).
The bottom line? General Motors deserves credit -- a lot of it -- for bringing out the edgiest crossover vehicle on the market. It is also perhaps the most intriguing Pontiac since the Firebirds of the early 1980's.
When the five ''Survivor'' runners-up appeared on ''The Rosie O'Donnell Show,'' they all got Azteks, too. But can Pontiac sell its postmodern (postapocalyptic?) crossover to anyone under 40? It all depends on whether retro, as epitomized by Steve McQueen, is supplanted by the naked aggression of Mr. Hatch. If so, the Aztek could be at the vanguard of contemporary automotive styling. The vehicle looks as if it came from the future. It will still look that way in three years.
INSIDE TRACK: Apocalypse now.
Photos: The Aztek's controls look rugged, in keeping with the camping package, which includes an air mattress and tent, top right. Other features include stereo controls in the cargo area, a sliding floor with grocery compartments and a console that is a removable cooler.WORCESTER, Mass. – The College of the Holy Cross has named Milan Brown as its new head men's basketball coach, athletic director Richard M. Regan, Jr., announced. Brown becomes the 16th head coach in the history of the program, joining the Crusaders after spending the last seven seasons as head coach at Mount St. Mary's. Holy Cross has signed Brown to a five-year contract, with an option for a sixth season. He will be formally introduced at a press conference next week.
“I am extremely excited about the opportunity to come to Holy Cross and to try to lead the program back to the top of the Patriot League,” said Brown. “My family and I are really pleased about the move, and I cannot wait to get started. I would also like to thank Mr. Regan, Fr. McFarland and the search committee, for entrusting me with leading these young men both on and off the court.”. Defense was a staple of Brown's squads, as the Mountaineers allowed just 64.7 points per game and 41.7 percent field goal shooting over the last three seasons,.
“We spent a lot of time on this search,” said Regan. “We were very focused on hiring someone with head coaching experience, and we were very impressed with Milan both as a coach and a person. We were particularly pleased with the outstanding recommendations we received from a most important source – several coaches who coached against him over the past few years. One thing that was clear, both from his records and what those coaches told us, is that his players defend very well and they play very hard for him. We think that is particularly appropriate for the players in this program right now.” turned 39 in January, and his wife Tina have two daughters (Nyla and Sanaa).Name:
Send Results to This Email:
Street Address:
Street Address:
« Back
« Back | Forward »
Colleges and universities, no matter how venerable and historic, were designed to move forward, to be progressive.
The University of Tennessee’s new Student Union is one of many projects, both underway and wrapping up, as school begins.
(The Ledger/Chase Malone)
New academic disciplines are developed, buildings are replaced and tuition goes up. Coaches come and go.
It happens to a lesser or greater extent each autumn, but this fall, the University of Tennessee at Knoxville is in a “transition phase,’’ says Kelsey Keny, president of the Student Government Association.
“It’s interesting to be at UT at a time when so many new things are happening,” Keny says, referencing the several construction projects underway, as well as the hiring of a new men’s basketball coach … sports always being a topic of discussion on the Knoxville campus.
“Even though many of us won’t get to experience some of the new facilities, there’s something really cool about being able to say, ‘I was there when they built that new academic building,’ or ‘I was one of the last classes to see that athletic facility.’”
Sororities houses at lastHere are some of the construction projects that are helping change the face of the UT campus.
Sorority Village: The first sorority houses in UT history are to be completed and opened this fall. Two were finished in the last few weeks, and female students are to move in during early August.
The new Delta Zeta house is one of many in the University of Tennessee’s new Sorority Village, which is open for the fall semester. It’s one of many campus construction projects.
When they’re done, 13 of UT’s 17 sororities will have houses in the campus complex. They’re being paid for through private donations and mortgage agreements paid for by residential rent and chapter fees.
Fred D. Brown Residence Hall, the first new one in 45 years, housing more than 700 men and women.
A new Student Union, which is to open in 2015, remains under construction, but the pedestrian bridge to The Hill, the university landmark and the oldest part of the campus, will be open this fall, making it easier for students to get around. The bridge connects Volunteer Boulevard to The Hill, and the east side will open onto a plaza between the Burchfield and Austin Peay buildings.
The Student Union will offer a larger auditorium/performance venue, along with more program, conference and meeting space, a larger ballroom for large events and banquets, an expanded book and technology store and extra dining options.
“UT doesn’t stand still, and it’s great to be a part of that,” Keny says.
“With the new school year starting soon, I can’t wait for all of us students to be back on campus, continuing to be part of the progress and seeing what’s to come.”
What it costs in 2014Classes began Aug. 20 for UT-Knoxville, which has a typical enrollment of about 27,000. University officials are expecting a large freshmen class and more transfers than normal.
New in-state undergraduates will pay $5,938 in tuition and fees per semester, while those admitted before fall 2013 will pay $5,138 and those admitted from fall 2013 to summer 2014 will pay $5,792 for a 12-hour course load.
Out-of-state undergraduates will pay from $14,363 to $15,025.
In-state graduate students will pay $5,801, out-of-state grad students will pay $15,025. Tuition and fees for law students admitted from fall 2013 to fall 2014 is $9,524, $125 more than for those admitted earlier.
Out-of-state tuition and fees for law students is $18,876.
Service Learning, Smart CitiesNew academic programs at UT-K this year include a pilot project on “S” designation courses, those with a service-learning component, and a Smart Cities initiative in which 10 courses will involve working with the nearby Cleveland.
Last spring, nine faculty members representing different colleges at UT participated in the service project.
The next step is adding an “S” to course numbers to allow student to spot them easily in the course catalog.
“Service-learning aids in critical thinking, complex problem solving, appreciation for diversity, connection of theory to practice, ability to work on a team, and a more nuanced understanding of course content,” says Kelly Ellenburg, campus service-learning coordinator.
The university hopes students will be attracted to the courses by the “S” and enjoy “transformative learning experiences” while taking them, according to Ellenburg.
In addition, employers will be able to identify those courses and understand the skills and competencies students gained while taking them.
The catalog is expected to reflect the “S” designation by 2016-17 or 2017-18, according to the university.
Under the Smart Cities initiative, city staff and experts in economic development, arts and social sciences are working with UT professors to develop projects for service-learning and internship-based courses that could involve anything from education and health care to city planning and long-range transportation projects.
The idea is to encourage people to think about addressing “complex problems, which are inherently interdisciplinary, on a localIf you look at the graph below, unemployment in Spain and Greece is at or above 20pc, and its nearly 14pc in Portugal and Ireland. It seems inevitable that the ECB will need to embark on a massive QE program to save the PIIGS economies, most likely by printing money to buy the sovereign debt of these countries to keep the interest rates on that debt down. Whatever the short term affect of this action, it still seems that at some point in the future this newly printed will leak into the real economy. Hence, it makes sense to look closely at real asset investments now just as a hedge against future inflation. The numbers below are tragic, and are more evidence of the madness behind the idea of a single currency for 17 separate and disparate nations.
This is a blog on "real asset" alternative investments such as farmland and forestry that provide retail investors an excellent hedge against inflation. Contact us at info@greenworldbvi.com or call +44-20-3286-2975 to learn more!
Are you worried about inflation?? You should be. At some point all of the new money created by Quantitative Easing (QE) will hit the real economy. You can protect yourself with an inflation hedge using GreenWorld's specially designed real asset investments.
Friday, May 4, 2012
Will the ECB Turn to Quantitative Easing to Rescue the Eurozone Europe?iPhone 6 rumors: release date, features leaks and others
June 28, 2014 at 2:36 pm
Before the official unveiling of the next iPhone 6 models, excitement and anticipation is growing around the smartphones.
This year is even more intense because two iPhones wil be released.
The rumored release date has almost been unofficially established as September 19, according to Chinese website Tencent (via GForGames).
It is also claimed that the smartphone will be available in two storage versions: a 32 GB version and a 64 GB model.
Bloomberg reported that the production of the next iPhone will start in July and both models could be presented simultaneously in September.
The bigger iPhone model reportedly takes longer to produce.
Foxconn is hiring 100 000 additional workers, the most massive recruitment ever undertaken by the company, Taiwan’s Economic Daily News reported.
Also from Taiwan, Topology Research Institute (TRI) expects sales of the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 to reach 70 million units by the end of 2014.
The 5.5-inch model could sell between 8 and 10 million units during the same period.
A report from China Times stated that Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) will start supplying the Touch ID sensor in early July production in the third quarter will be more than double compared to the previous quarter.
The manufacturer plans to provide 120 million Touch ID sensors this year, a 233% increase compared to 2013.
In terms of features of the two smartphones, KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo believes only the 5.5-inch model will include optical image stabilization.
The OIS for the phablet iPhone will be produced by InvenSense and the 4.7-inch model will come with another type of stabilizer.
The smaller iPhone could bring a lens module that offers increased focus speed and less energy consumption, Kuo says.
In addition, Chinese site Wei Feng reported that the bigger iPhone will be the only one to have a storage capacity of 128GB.
According to China’s Economic Daily News, Apple has rejected Catcher Technology’s production of metal chassis for the iPhone 6 as defects were found at the areas where the metal and plastic are connected.
Apple appealed instead to longtime partners like Jabil and Foxconn.
Of course leaked parts and videos weren’t missing this week either.
Photos of an iPhone 6 dummy managed to offer an idea of the smartphone, confirming rumors about the design and dimensions of the handset.
Japanese blog Mac Otakara posted a video of the rear shell of a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 compared to the iPhone 5S and other iPhone 6 mockups.
Finally, a survey conducted by investment firm RBC Capital Markets found that nearly 50% of the respondents want to replace their smartphones with a new iPhone in the next three months.Raleigh, NCUSA
27604
Hometown: Raleigh
December 1, 2006
Matrix
Gym, gardening, home improvement.
Hi, I always like movies, foreign too. They just have different ways of looking at things.
This is my favorite group, what can say, friendly people, always open to discuss things.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyNo eBook available
Rent and save from the world's largest eBookstore. Read, highlight, and take notes, across web, tablet, and phone.
Go to Google Play Now »
65 pages matching chances in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 65
good Read full review
I have never really liked the musical Guys and Dolls, but these short stories are wonderful. Short stories are already my favorite form, as they get to the point quickly and have tight construction ... Read full reviewAuburn Police Knowledge & Vigilance
Keeping OUR community safe
enhancing auburn's quality of life
Personnel
Department Staffing
Crime Statistics
2014 Auburn Crime Report
Records Dept
Download Forms
LTC Firearms
Licensing Dept
Sex Offenders
Registered Offenders
Public Information
Alerts, Announcements and Web-Links
Welcome to our site!
Andrew J. Sluckis, Jr. Chief of Police
The mission of the Auburn Police Department is to work in partnership within our Community to protect life and property, solve neighborhood problems and to enhance the quality of life in our town.
Our Goal
-.Bottoms up
Future of ecumenism is local, not ‘macro,’ Cuban professor says
January 31, 2014
MATANZAS, Cuba understanding and don’t have prejudice.” His classes focus on ecumenical cooperation in local communities, not on the dogmatic or doctrinal differences between churches.
Practical ecumenism must also be theological “because all of our hope ― what it means to be the church ― is based on faith and confidence in God.”
The motto of the Cuban Council of Churches ― founded in 1941 and currently moderated by the Rev. Joel Dopico, pastor of Varadero Presbyterian Church near here ― is “United for Service.” This is practical ecumenical theology at its most basic, Montoya says, because “the mission of the church is service, to incarnate the gospel and direct it practically at those whom Jesus loved.”
Today the Cuban Council of Churches represents 56 denominations and national Christian organizations. It notably does not include the Roman Catholic Church ― the largest church in Cuba.
“Unfortunately, the Cuban Council of Churches was formed for a negative reason,” Montoya says, “to oppose the Roman Catholic Church.” The reasons were both theological and political. “The ‘independentists’ opposed the Catholic Church because it was seen as an instrument of the [Spanish] colonizers.”
Local relationships between Catholics and other Christians are “good in some places, not so good in others,” notes Montoya. “Yes in Havana and yes in Matanzas, primarily because of the seminary. With a fairly conservative Catholic hierarchy, Catholic parishes that tend to be most ecumenical are pastored by priests from other countries, he adds, such as Colombia and Mexico.
There is a chronic shortage of Cuban priests. “I think celibacy is a problem,” Montoya says with a smile.
As Cuba becomes more open to the world ― with the possible exception of the United States, due to the 60-year-old embargo of Cuba ― Cuba’s churches, again with the exception of the Roman Catholic Church, have become more engaged in interfaith relations.
A new organization, the Cuban Pastoral Platform, was formed in 2012 and engages representatives of seven religions in conversations around interfaith dialogue and justice concerns. Participating in the platform are Christians, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, Yoruba (native Cuban religion), Spiritists (Afro-Caribbean traditions) and Ba’hais.
One of the platform’s primary meeting places is the Christian Center for Dialogue and Reflection in Cardenas, affiliated with the Presbyterian Reformed Church in Cuba.
While national and international ecumenism flounders around the world, many local ecumenical expressions are flourishing ― in Cuba as elsewhere. The Week of Prayer for Christian Unity in Matanzas last week included four services, one in an Anglican Church, one in an evangelical church and two in Catholic churches, the latter of which featured a Presbyterian preacher.
Montoya finds it ironic that too many denominations ― faced with their own decline and internal crises ― draw into themselves rather than reach out in ecumenical cooperation. “That is normal behavior in the secular world,” he says, “but the churches should be able to work together because they have a history of doing that.”
Churches everywhere, as they become a shrinking minority and face identity crises brought on by rapidly-changing societies in which they live, face unprecedented challenges, Montoya admits. “There is always a risk in following Jesus,” he says.
“As Christians we always live in a risky context. We have to take the risk,” he says, “to discern the signs of the times. It’s a question of commitment, not compromise.”
- Topics: Cuba
- Tags: ecumenism
- Agency: Presbyterian Mission AgencyTag: italy
Italy says “ciao” to its dangerous dog list
Unlike a lot of American cities, and the U.S. Army, the country of Italy is wising up when it comes to labeling dogs as “dangerous.”
A new law goes into effect in Italy next month that does away with the country’s list of “dangerous” breeds and insteads holds owners responsible for their pets’ behavior — whatever breed it is.
Under the old law, owners of pit bulls, Rottweilers, mastiffs, bull dogs and 13 other breeds, were required to keep them muzzled in public places, and failure to respect the law could result in the animal being put down.
The new law works on the theory that any dog could be potentially high-risk and holds the owners or caretakers responsible for controlling a pet’s behavior.
“This is a historic day because we have established for the first time the responsibility of the owner or the person who is momentarily in charge of the animal,” Health Undersecretary Francesca Martini said earlier this month.
“The measures adopted in the previous laws had no scientific foundation. Dangerous breeds do not exist. With this law we have overcome the black list, which was just a fig leaf (over the larger problem), and we have increased the level of guarantees for citizens,” she said.
The new law requires vets to be responsible for compiling a register of individual dogs who they believe may be potentially high risk. Owners of those dogs will be required to keep them muzzled in public.
The law also requires dog owners to keep their pets on a leash at all times in urban areas, pick up their dog’s mess, and to carry a muzzle with them in case of need.
It also forbids training dogs to be aggressive using sticks and protective body gear, doping, surgery that is not for health purposes and dangerous cross-breeding.
Posted by John Woestendiek March 30th, 2009 under Muttsblog.
Tags: animals, army, behavior, breed-specific, breeds, dangerous, dogs, francesca marini, health, italy, law, list, mastiffs, muzzle, owners, pets, pit bull, pit bulls, responsibility, risk, rottweilersOverview.
Video
Watch a video
Praise
“In When She Makes More, Farnoosh Torabi unmasks the challenges female breadwinners face and provides solid solutions for protecting your finances and your relationship.”
—Tory Johnson, Good Morning America contributor and New York Times #1 bestselling author of The Shift
“When She Makes More is an inspiring, optimistic book that equips today’s female breadwinners with smart solutions for overcoming the personal and professional trip wires of our new economic reality.”
—Barbara Corcoran, author of Shark Tales and host of The Millionaire Broker with Barbara Corcoran on CNBC
“I predict Farnoosh’s ground breaking book will save more relationships than couples counseling ever could. Superbly researched, well-written, engagingly fun, I couldn’t put it down. Every working woman, married or single, needs to read this empowering guide! I’m so grateful I did.”
—Barbara Stanny, author of Secrets of Six-Figure Women
“When She Makes More is a book of liberation from old ideas about women in the workforce who want to have it all. Torabi’s intelligence, respect for research, and vibrant prose put the book in an elite class with the best self-help books from financial gurus and masters of psychological nonfiction.”
—Amanda Steinberg, founder of DailyWorth.comViewpoint
This is
our callBased on "Report on the State of the Environment
in the Province of Masbate," delivered for Hon. Governor Antonio
Kho by Provincial Administrator Raul Estrella at the opening of the First
Provincial Conference on Environment Towards the Formulation and Installation
of the Masbate Provincial Environment Code, June 26, 2000, Bituon Beach
Resort, Mobo, Masbate.
Click
map for a bigger image
he islands of Masbate lie exactly
in the center of the Philippine archipelago. Relative to mainland Bicol,
the province faces the southwestern coasts of Camarines Sur, Albay and
Sorsogon.
The province of Masbate is composed of 21 municipalities; it has 39 islands
and islets. The total land area covers roughly 23% of the Bicol Region,
and over 1% of the national land area. It consists of three major islands:
Burias Island, with 2 municipalities; Ticao has 4 municipalities; and
Masbate Island, with 15 municipalities.
Population in 1995 was 653,641, or a growth rate of 1.77% over the 1990
figures. The municipality of Masbate registered the highest urban population
at 32,532; Aroroy accounted for the greatest number of rural settlers
at 52,133.
Some environmental issues
Masbate has serious agrarian problems and has the lowest private ownership
of agricultural land in the Bicol Region. Insurgency is also active in
the hinterlands. Farmers moved to the coasts and shifted to fishing as
a last recourse.
Fishing
off Monreal, Ticao Island, Masbate (A.Sia 2000)
Thus, rural population increases in 1995 were most accelerated in the
coastal barangays. Mangrove areas are under heavy population pressure.
Some areas have been reduced into dumpsites, many have been converted
into fishponds and settlement sites.
We've also seen the degradation of our forest resources. Human intrusion
into Protection Lands has adverse environmental impacts
A pot of gold - and pollution threats
The province of Masbate is considered one of the richest in mineral resources
in the country. Copper, silver, gold, lead, iron, manganese and chromite
deposits abound in most parts of the province. Also in abundance are guano
and rock phosphate.
Extraction and exploitation at levels significant enough to affect the
environment are so far confined only in Aroroy. From the concentration
processes, tremendous amounts of tailings are produced. Mine wastes and
tailings present the greatest pollution threats from the mining industry.
Natural calamities such as typhoons and earthquakes cause impounded materials
to be washed out or carried to bodies of water.
Cattle-full, forest-poor
Cattle production is a traditional source of livelihood, and Masbate
has sustained a substantial inventory of cattle through the years. In
1998, commercial, semi-commercial and backyard operations registered a
total number of 76,030 cattle head. Among the provinces of Bicol, only
Masbate showed an increasing cattle production by an average of 3,790
head per year.
The cattle industry also gave birth to the most popular annual tourism
event in the province: the Rodeo Filipino.
The cattle industry shows a lot of promise, but it also accounts for
over 50% of forest denudation in the province. From 828 square kilometers,
forest cover was reduced to 608 square kilometers a few decades ago and
is now down to zero.
About 5% of forestry plantations and production forests were cleared
in favor of coconut plantations. In 1992, the province had more than 16
million coconut trees.
Rich fisheries
Masbate is predominantly a fishing province. All 21 municipalities are
coastal. A total population of 402,971 in 270 barangays live along the
coast. Masbate has a total coastline of 968 kms.
Click
map for a bigger image
The province is rich in fishery resources, thanks to the marine fishery
areas surrounding its three major islands. These include Masbate Pass,
Asid Gulf, Samar Sea, Sibuyan Sea, Ticao Pass, Burias Pass, and the Visayan
Sea.
There is one existing fish sanctuary in the municipality of Palanas.
Masbate's coastal resources are varied and diverse, providing food and
employment for over 2/3 of the population. However, pollution and overexploitation,
population pressure, sedimentation, and destructive fishing techniques
threaten this valuable source of living.
For the period 1990-1995, toxic red tides were recorded in the waters
of Masbate. Paralytic shellfish poisoning cases were reported in the years
1991 and 1995.
A plan for a sustainable future
The province of Masbate does not have an environmental plan. But environmental
considerations have been incorporated into the Provincial Master Plan
and the Physical Framework Plan. Since its approval in June last year,
the government has been vigorously implementing the provisions of the
PPFP. What we lack in expertise, we make for in enthusiasm. We realize
that we have a lot of work to do, and the time to begin is now.
Imagine an economically stable province playing a major role as a component
of the newly industrialized Filipino nation where people enjoy a better
quality of life in a peaceful and ecologically balanced environment.
For the province, the preferred development strategy is Ports and Agricultural
Development Restructuring. Cataingan will be developed as the Integrated
Area Development (IAD) center for the Third District; San Jacinto will
serve as the IAD center for Ticao Island; and San Pascual will be the
IAD center for Burias Island.
This strategy has the following components:
This island life
So deliberate, so unhurried, so inexorable are the ways of nature that
the stocking of an island may require thousands or millions of years.
Perhaps not many of us appreciate the fact that, isolated from the great
masss on the continents, with no opportunity for crossbreeding that tends
to preserve the average and to eliminate the new and unusual, island life
has developed in a remarkable manner.
Rock
formation at Borobangcaso Island, Monreal, Masbate (A. Sia, 2000)
On these remote bits of earth, nature has excelled in the creation of
strange and wonderful forms. As though to prove her incredible versatility,
almost every island has developed species that are endemic - that is,
they are peculiar to it alone and are duplicated nowhere else on earth.
You may have noticed a picture of a bird in the departure area of Masbate
airport. It reads:
We tried to get a picture of Penelopides panini ticaensis, to
no avail. We were informed that 3 German researchers tried to look for
this bird three or four years ago in Kumawit. They failed. We are
still hopeful, though, because some people claim to have seen this bird.
It is most probably a variation of the species. So, if any of you has
seen a tariktik (hornbill) recently, please tell us. If they're
gone, they're gone forever. Isn't it dreadful to think that we are accountable
to all of creation for their extermination?
Sonneratia ovata or kalong-kalong, a kind of mangrove, has so
far been sighted only in three or four provinces, including Masbate.
The tragedy of our islands lies in the uniqueness, the irreplaceability
of the species they have developed by the slow processes of the ages.
In a reasonable world, we would have treated these islands as precious
possessions, as natural museums filled with a beautiful and curious works
of creation, valuable beyond price because nowhere in the world are they
duplicated.
The provincial government has on-going negotiations with an NGO to assess
our resources. We have opted for participatory resource assessment; communities
within the vicinity of the area will be included in the research process
to ensure that they will appreciate and value the resources in their area.
Putting our hearts where home is
We cannot overemphasize the pivotal role of local communities to realize
our goals.
Who will care for these remote bits of earth but us? Home, they say,
is where the heart us. Is Masbate home to us? Hardly, if we consider our
rates of environmental degradation and outmigration. For so long, we have
been unmoved by the reckless exploitation of our resources. We have become
over-confident in our belonging; we wear Masbate like a second skin. We
claim it as our right, our inheritance, forgetting that it is a gift entrusted
to our stewardship.
We ravage our resources and escape the wreckage. We dream of lands flowing
of with milk and honey across the seas, beyond our horizons, so we can
knock on the doors of other people's homes. But if it were known how we
left our homes in ruins, who would open their doors to us?
First
Masbate Provincial Environmental Conference,
June 26-27, 2000, Bituon Beach Resort, Mobo, Masbate
(A. Sia, 2000)
This conference would have accomplished much even if it only inspires
us to put our hearts where home is.
It's up to us. This is our call. The buck stops here.
There is no time but now
No place but here
No one but us.
Rachel Carson,
The Sea Around Us
View
from the century-old lighthouse
on Jintotolo Island, Balud, Masbate.
(A. Sia, 2000)
In
fact, the Penelopides panini ticaensis, a kind of hornbill found
only on the island of Ticao, may soon become extinct. If this happens,
it will be the first time that a hornbill will become extinct anywhere
in the world. It will be a tragedy, an embarrassment and a blemish to
our reputation and honor as a people.
***.DONATE!
DONATE!
Oxford University
Historian at Oxford University and Stanford University, political writer and columnist for the Guardian
Budget Crisis Fallout: What's the Damage?
33 MIN, 11 SEC
Oct 17, 2013
The Prosecutor's Role in Mass Incarceration
51 MIN, 56 SEC
May 11, 2015
The Biggest Outbreak of Bird Flu in American History
51 MIN, 46 SEC
May 19, 2015
LA City Council Raises Minimum Wage
24 MIN, 28 SEC
May 19, 2015
Santa Barbara Oil Spill Blankets Coastline
27 MIN, 27 SEC
May 20, 2015Kosovo politics
World news about “Kosovo politics” published by euronews.
EU membership remains Serbia’s priority, says PM Aleksandar Vucic
Ser…
-…
- 08/12 18:38 CET
Coalition deal ends stalemate in Kosovo
Kosovo's two main parties have signed a coalition deal to end six months of wrangling since an inconclusive election. The agreement involves…
- 17/09 17:46 CET
Muslim clerics arrested in Kosovo “pose security threat”
At least nine Muslim clerics have been detained in Kosovo. The arrests…
- 23/06 03:51 CET
Police clash with protesters in Kosovo
Police in Kosovo have fired teargas and rubber bullets at ethnic Albanians rioting in the divided town of Mitrovica. The violence broke out…
- 09/06 04:20 CET
Thaci claims third term in low turnout election
Kosovo's ruling party of Prime Minister Hashim Thaci has claimed victory in an election marked by a low turnout. Frustration with widespread…
- THE GLOBAL CONVERSATION | 13/02 20:29 CET
Kosovo’s PM Thaci on statehood, corruption and the EU dream
Kosovo emerged from a bloody and brutal conflict with its neighbour…
- 27/06 20:11 CET
Protests at Kosovo-Serbia ties
Protests have broken out in Kosovo's parliament in response to a decision to create normal ties with neighbouring Serbia. The EU-brokered…
- REPORTER | 17/05 13:10 CET
More fear than hope in north Kosovo?
By granting greater autonomy to Serbian municipalities in northern Kosovo, the EU-brokered accord between Belgrade and Pristina sets a…
- 03/04 - NEWS + - Belgrade faces tough choices to realise EU membership goal
- 01/04 - Kosovo talks promise little willingness to move
- 24/02 - Hardline Serb named mayor of Kosovan town
- 15/11 - Serbia’s prime minister calls for high turnout in re-run local…
- 06/11 - Kosovo plans partial re-run of local vote
- 28/10 - Kosovo starts landmark talks with EU
- 02/04 - Serbia, Kosovo leaders aim to normalise ties at Brussels talks
- 22/10 - Kosovo demonstrations turn ugly
- 02/07 - Kosovo granted full independence
- 15/02 - Kosovo Serbs hold referendum
- 14/02 - Kosovo Serbs hold referendum on Pristina governmentJosh Cribbs got paid big bucks by the Cleveland Browns because of his special teams play. Despite career highs in receptions and receiving yards in 2011, look for Cribbs to focus on his returns again in 2012.
Terry Pluto of The Plain Dealer recently passed along word that the Browns hope for Josh Cooper or Jordan Norwood can fill the third receiver spot behind Greg Little and Mohamed Massaquoi.
That would leave Cribbs in a No. 4 role, getting occasional snaps as a receiver and runner. The Browns want Cribbs to see "heavy duty" time on special teams.
This might not please Cribbs, but it makes sense for the Browns. Both Cribbs and Devin Hester in Chicago have tried to prove they are every-down receivers to middling results. The Bears are still working on their "Hester Package", but the Cribbs package should simply be on returns.A couple weeks ago I boldly lamented about my distaste for the usual summer barbecue suspects: the bland, mayonnaise-laden cold (err, warm depending on how long they’ve been sitting out) salads. If you can even call them salads. Can something so monochrome, devoid of any fresh summer vegetables and herbs, really be called a salad?
I know, I’m being a little unfair. Your aunt’s famous macaroni salad does call for some chopped bell pepper.
But I can’t see it’s bright sun-kissed hue or feel it’s fresh, crisp crunchiness between my teeth. If a veggie is covered in mayonnaise, is it still a veggie?
So you might be surprised that there’s something about barbecues I dislike even more. Beans.
Bakes beans, barbecue beans, whatever you call them. I can’t really pinpoint why, because in theory I feel like I should like them. But every time I try them, they’re just not what I expect them to be. Too sweet? (did I just say that?) Too flat? (the flavor, not the beans.) Too mushy? Too disappointing.
I honestly had no idea what I was looking for in a bean dish. That is, until I found this recipe using all sorts of natural, yummy, vegan things. Now, it was quite obvious to me how beans should taste and I never wanted a bowl of them so badly in my life. Fortunately, I didn’t have to wait long because it’s summer and there’s always a bbq coming up. And, this recipe couldn’t be easier to throw together. I promise.
It’s official. Beans have been bumped up, and are no longer my least favorite thing about summer barbecues. As long as they’re these beans, of course. Sweet and spicy and bursting with layers of flavor. Warm and hearty, and delightfully not too heavy. Clean and nutritious to boot. But don’t just take it from me. Remember that chef I mentioned? The one who couldn’t get enough of my Tropical Butternut Squash Salad, shockingly surprised that clean, healthy food could taste so good? Well let’s just say he felt the same way about these beans. I’m pretty darn sure you will too.
Mango BBQ Black Beans (sugar free, vegan optional)
Adapted from the taste space
Printable Recipe
1lb dry black beans
1 large onion, chopped
8 cloves garlic, minced
2 mangos, peeled and diced
1 15oz can no-salt added diced tomatoes
2 cups reduced sodium vegetable broth
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground allspice
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
2 teaspoons ground coriander
1 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons liquid smoke
3 tablespoons honey, maple syrup, or agave syrup (use maple syrup or agave to make this a vegan dish)
freshly ground pepper, to taste
Place the beans in a large colander and rinse well. Sort through the beans, removing and discarding any broken beans or beans that already have some of the skin falling off. Transfer the good beans to a large slow cooker, and add enough water to cover by several inches. Cook on high for four hours.
Drain and rinse the beans and return to the slow cooker. Add remaining ingredients and stir well. Cook on low for another 6-8 hours, until beans are tender. Serve warm.
Nutrition Facts
Servings Per Recipe: 12 servings, about 2/3 cup each
Amount Per Serving
Calories 118.9
Total Fat 0.1 g
Saturated Fat 0.0 g
Polyunsaturated Fat 0.0 g
Monounsaturated Fat 0.0 g
Cholesterol 0.0 mg
Sodium 252.6 mg
Potassium 107.8 mg
Total Carbohydrate 34.1 g
Dietary Fiber 14.1 g
Sugars 12.1 g
Protein 8.5 g
PS: I’d like to wish a very Happy Blog Birthday to one of my loyal readers, Junia. She is celebrating her Blog Birthday over at Mis Pensamientos with a Vegan Clean Eating event and giveaway. This recipe fits the bill and I’m excited to share it. Junia, I can’t wait to see plenty more beautiful, clean recipes in the year ahead!
Additionally, I’m sharing this wholesome recipe with Diet, Dessert and Dogs Wellness Weekends Event for 7/15/2011.
Thanks for visiting Cara’s Cravings. If you like what you see and want more, subscribe via email or in a reader, follow me on Twitter, or visit me on Facebook.
janet @ the taste space — July 11, 2011 @ 9:59 am
Yum yum yum! I am so glad you loved them as much as us!
Ammie R — July 11, 2011 @ 1:24 pm
Oh, these look and sound delicious! I'm trying to iron out the menu for my birthday BBQ and I think these will fit in nicely!
Lindsey @ BeantownEats — July 11, 2011 @ 3:04 pm
This recipe sounds great! I just printed it to try for our next BBQ, or even a side dish for a simple dinner on the grill. Thanks!
Cara — July 11, 2011 @ 3:19 pm
Thanks so much for sharing it! It's definitely a new favorite
Julia Mestas — July 11, 2011 @ 3:22 pm
I can't stand bland bbq food either. Although, the side dishes, if they are good, are my favorite part. And if I were served these, I'd gobble them up.
Shannon — July 11, 2011 @ 3:23 pm
some of my favorite things, it's sure to be a winner
Kaytorade — July 11, 2011 @ 4:33 pm
It's funny, because my summer salads are usually full of fresh veggies (because it's summer ager all), some penne, and a little olive oil and vinegar!
Joanne — July 11, 2011 @ 5:58 pm
Dont even get me started on traditional bbq food. I refuse to eat ANY of it.and no a veggie is DEF not still a veggie when covered in mayo. At that point it's just…grease. I saw these beans on Janet's site and bookmarked them! Can't wait to try them.
Chrysta — July 11, 2011 @ 10:57 pm
Hey girl! You take the most gorgeous photos! I always love the composition. Just saying=) Amazing recipe as usual. I have so many of yours bookmarked..ssso good!
Cara — July 12, 2011 @ 12:35 pm
aww thanks, that makes my day!
EA Stewart — July 12, 2011 @ 2:27 pm
This bean recipe looks fabulous! I've always liked beans, but often forget about eating them, but lately, I've been trying to incorporate more beans in to meals, because they are so nutritious. I'm definitely going to try this recipe out!
Wvuprincess0716 — July 12, 2011 @ 5:16 pm
I am having a barbecue this weekend and have already printed the recipe. I can't wait to try. Does it make sense to make these the day before and just reheat day of or are they best fresh?
Cara — July 12, 2011 @ 5:18 pm
You can definitely make them ahead of time, I think the flavor will improvewith time. Enjoy!
Tiff @ Love Sweat and Beers — July 12, 2011 @ 11:55 pm
I love mango, bbq, and beans, so it must be good!
Nicole, RD — July 13, 2011 @ 10:38 am
I'm glad I'm not the only one who finds baked beans to be too sweet! I don't get why those things are so popular…and then to add hot dogs. Oh my heavens…there's just something so, so very wrong about that. These, however, look amazing! I adore beans as is, so these would be all the more incredible
P.S. I am trying a ton of recipes from your blog this week – so far, so yum! Tonight is the Tropical Butternut Squash Salad and I pretty much cannot wait!
Cara — July 13, 2011 @ 10:40 am
Yay! Can't wait to hear how you like it!
grace — July 15, 2011 @ 4:58 pm
i go right past all the pasta salad, potato salad, and chips and head straight for the bean dishes at any barbecue or cookout. this is a fine batch o' beans, cara. very refreshing and different!
Olga @ MangoTomato — July 17, 2011 @ 6:33 pm
what an interesting combination! I've done black bean salad with mango before, but never in a hot version.
Charissa — July 27, 2011 @ 10:00 pm
I love bean dishes…especially with black beans. This looks like my kind of meal!Judging by the words of Angels GM Bill Stoneman, it seems like maybe this is the year where the team adds a major hitter at the trade deadline. The Mariners are just two games behind the Angels, and they seem likely to make a deal or two this month.
The L.A. Daily News’ Doug Padilla throws out the same names we’ve heard before: Adam Dunn, Troy Glaus, Mark Teixeira, and Jermaine Dye. The Angels really need to come up with one of those players, in my opinion. Only Teixeira and Glaus are signed past this year.
The Angels still have a stable of young players they could deal without harming the 2007 team greatly: Brandon Wood, Nick Adenhart, Erick Aybar, Sean Rodriguez, Hank Conger, Terry Evans, Ervin Santana. They could include Reggie Willits or Casey Kotchman as a centerpiece if necessary. Surely there’s some way to get a deal done. We’ve seen a lot of inactivity from Stoneman in the past; now is the time to shed that reputation.Visits & Events
Related links
Tours, exhibitions and much more
Concerts & events
Join us for a service
Experience our architecture
Take a virtual tour
You. We strongly advise tour companies, clubs and societies coming on group visits to book in advance.
The Cathedral hosts special events of all sorts from time to time, including concerts, lectures, talks, and fun things for all the family and we hope to be able to welcome you to some of them.The days when fried chicken was synonymous with a certain white-haired southern gentleman are over, at least in the U.S. A new champion has claimed the chicken crown: Chick-fil-A. The Atlanta-based chain has surpassed KFC in total U.S. sales, taking in $5 billion last year to KFC’s $4.22 billion, according to Technomic.
The change atop the leaderboard appears undisputed: Yum! Brands (YUM), which owns KFC and has for years prided itself as “the leader in the U.S. chicken [quick-service restaurant] segment,” removed that very phrase from the company’s most recent annual report. But anyone in the northern half of the U.S. is likely scratching her head and wondering why she hasn’t seen Chick-fil-A outlets opening in the neighborhood. Check out the map below of Chick-fil-A locations, with a heavy concentration in the South.
Source:
Last year Chick-fil-A only had about 1,775 U.S. stores to KFC’s 4,491. Yet in dollar terms the Colonel is coming up short even with that much larger footprint: Chick-fil-A’s 2013 sales exceeded its larger rival’s by nearly $800 million in the U.S. in 2013. And that’s with zero dollars coming in to Chick-fil-A on Sundays, when every restaurant is closed.._1<<.Grand Challenges in Sustainable Biofuels Production
- Type:Archived Webinar
- Level:Intermediate
- Duration:1 hour
- PDHs:1.00
It is now clear that, for many reasons, corn has serious limitations as feedstock for biofuel production. While cellulosic biomass can potentially provide a sizable fraction of the US liquid fuel needs for transportation, current technologies must be further improved to realize cost-competitive processes for cellulosic biofuels. This presentation will discuss three major scientific and engineering challenges to this end. Identification of these challenges is based on an analysis of the biomass-to-biofuels value chain which allows assessment of present production costs as well as their sensitivity to changes at critical steps of the value chain. This exercise guides establishing of research priorities and also supports guarded optimism for the development of competitive processes for fuel production from renewable resources in the intermediate future.
Gregory Stephanopoulos Caltech and in 1985 he was appointed Professor of Chemical Engineering at MIT where he has been ever since. He served as Associate Director of the Biotechnology Process Engineering Center (1990-97) and member of...Read more
Do you already own this?
Log In for instructions on accessing this content.Posted:
Tuesday, November 09, 2010
Recipients..Tiniest solar panel to light your house for life time. Free of cost??
No human technology have not been able to scale the heights of 0% energy wastage and 100% energy generation; till then conserve the scarce resources and help us in forging the future.
Tomorrow is naturally yours
PS: Happy April fool’s day
oh god…. so fooled……?For most pet owners it is very important that they can take their pets with them when they go on holidays. Luckily, there are many pet friendly hotels worldwide, and this time we will be mentioning some of the top pet friendly hotels in UK.
England is a beautiful country to spend some time on holidays, and even though the hotels are not that cheap, they are definitely worth it due to the plenty of services that most of them offer.
So, let´s mention first the Eastbourne´s Berkeley Hotel, a beautiful 5 star hotel that will at the same time happily accept your pet as well. This luxury hotel is not very cheap but will make your staying enjoyable, not to mention the fact that you will be sharing the room with your dear pet.
Another hotel worth of mentioning is the Edinburgh´s Piries Hotel, situated in the heart of Scotland, and famous because of its excellent location – nearby Museum of Scotland and Edinburgh Castle. This is a 3 star pet friendly hotel and is very famous because of its traditional lounge bar.
Next, the Windermere´s Low wood Hotel and Restaurant is a 4 star rated hotel, famous for its English cuisine. This hotel offers great comfort both for you and your pet.
Ambleside´s Samling Hotel is famous for its magnificent view over the mountains and lakes. This 4 star hotel is award winning and since we are talking about a luxury hotel, don’t be surprised at their high rates. Except for that, you can be sure that both you and your pet will definitely enjoy in the professional services that this hotel offers.PANAMA CITY BEACH — ‘Strong’ is the most common word Facebook friends used to describe the mother of two.
“I am blessed to have known such a person, I hope that when my number is called, I can fight like she did, with courage, humor, strength and vision,” was reposted by several of her friends on Facebook.
Complications after undergoing a long awaited bone marrow transplant ended in the death of Kristy Nolan, 30, on Wednesday.
Nolan was battling acute myelogenous leukemia (AML) for seven relentless months.
“I do wake up in the middle of the night sometimes crying just asking why this is happening to me … All I can think of is God made this plan for me and gonna make me an even stronger person than I already am …,” Nolan wrote on her foundation’s website, knlf.org.
In May, Nolan went to a local hospital under the impression that she had a bad case of strep throat.
“After doing multiple blood tests, the doctors came in to tell me I had leukemia … the tears wouldn’t stop falling and I was so scared! Never in a million years did I think they’d tell me that! And then my journey began…,” wrote Nolan.
On Aug. 25, the Kristy Nolan Leukemia Foundation held a 5k fun run and silent auction. The fundraiser was to raise awareness and help offset some of Nolan’s living expenses that resulted from losing her job due to the disease.
Kim Brown, Nolan’s aunt, said Nolan wanted leukemia as a health issue to have as much exposure and public discussion as breast cancer.
Nolan found a bone marrow donor match in October and underwent the transplant in November.
“All we know is that she developed something and they were not able to determine what it was because of the state she was in, they were not able to do a biopsy,” Brown said.
That something was a hemorrhage, graft verses host disease or fungal disease, Nolan wrote on Nov. 28 on her website.
“They tried everything they knew to do to stop the bleeding,” Brown said. “But she eventually wasn’t able to breathe at all and was totally relying on life support with no chance of recovery.”
Nolan was declared dead at 6:05 p.m., Brown said.
“She’s left a huge void in our lives, she just turned 30. It wasn’t supposed to be this way. She was supposed to come home and live her life,” Brown added.
Nolan recorded the process of the bone marrow transplant at knfl.org.
“Through my foundation I am seeking to raise awareness, educate and inform people about this devastating form of cancer,” Nolan wrote.
Though Nolan wrote about recovery and a personal desire to lead discussion about leukemia, Nolan’s family has decided to discontinue the foundation.
Nolan’s funeral will be held Saturday at 11 a.m. at Grace Episcopal Church, 9101 Back Beach Rd, Panama City Beach. Following the funeral, a celebration of Nolan’s life will be held at Tootsie’s Orchid Lounge, 700 Pier Park Dr.
Donations may be made in her memory to Shands UF Cancer Hospital, Bone Marrow Transplant Unit, Patient and Family Resources, P.O. Box 100306 Gainesville, FL 32610-0306 or to the national Leukemia and Lymphoma Society.SVMS Steam Quality Test Kit
Others|Equipment Rentals
Steam Quality Testing has been an EU requirement for many years (ISO EN 285) and has been adopted by many other countries and the world’s pharmaceutical environment. The SVMS Steam Quality Test Kit range was developed to enable their own engineers to provide reliable and efficient testing without the need for bulky or difficult to use equipment. The comprehensive kit provides all the components required to perform Steam Quality Tests and Clean Steam Sampling. No additional components or tools are required. The Steam Quality Test apparatus incorporates measurement of Non-Condensable gases, Dryness Value and Superheat. The cleanliness of steam (Clean/Pure Steam) was recommended to be adopted in the UK NHS by Health Technical Memorandum 2031 and in the EU by ISO EN 285. These documents provide limits for chemical impurities.In order to collect steam condensate for analysis of Bacterial Endotoxins all the components that come into contact with the sampled steam need to be depyrogenated in an oven. The SVMS Clean Steam condenser was designed specifically for this purpose.
SQ-Pro Steam Quality Test Equipment to measure:
- Superheat
- Dryness Value
- Non-Condensable Gases
- Clean/Pure Steam (by extraction of samples to a laboratory)
SVMS Advantages
- It is robust as a flight case is provided to give a high degree of protection to the kit contents when in transit.
- It is efficient as test time is greatly reduced due to the ease of assembly and use.
- It is comprehensive as all the components required to perform Steam Quality Tests and Clean Steam Sampling are provided and no additional tools or bulky and expensive instrumentation is required.
- It is self-contained as an adjustable tripod is supplied in order to mount & adjust the height of the apparatus for the Non-Condensable Gas Value test and Clean/Pure Steam collection.
- It is convenient as a bracket is supplied so that the thermometer can be conveniently mounted on the side of the Non-Condensable Gas apparatus box.
- An accurate dual input thermocouple thermometer incorporating an averaging facility is supplied in certain kits.
Applications
- Sterilizer Maintenance and Periodic Testing
- Washer Disinfector and Periodic Testing
- Parts Supply
- Steam Quality Performance Testing
- Clean Steam Performance Testing
- Washer Disinfector Water Supply Performance Testing
- In-House Laboratory Analysis of Condensate and Waters
- Calibration Services for Temperature, Pressure, Time, Small Mass and Small Volume
- Provision of Innovative Testing Products for the Decontamination industry
Package Options
Option D:
Steam Quality apparatus for determining values of:
- Superheat
- Dryness Value
- Non-Condensable Gases
- Clean/Pure Steam Quality
Including electronic balance and thermometerFeature Article of Tuesday, 11 December 2012
Columnist: Avorkliyah, Selorm Kordzo-Aheto
Dear Fellow Ghanaians,
Within a week of yelling "Hosanna to the King! Hosanna to the King!!" the very Jews who welcomed Jesus marched him off to Calvary chanting "Crucify Him! Crucify Him!!" Many religious heads have offered a glut of reasons for the swift change of mind of the Jews of Jesus' day and why he was crucified. I am sure whether you profess Christianity or not you might have on occasion tried to make sense of this for yourself.
The answer is however simple. In all the dealings of human beings, follow the money! Jesus was "killed" because he was in the way of people who thrived on patronage and their very livelihoods depended on people showing up in the synagogues to buy their version of what God says. Had Jesus been any other raving lunatic making claims about being God-sent and rounding up only a few followers at a time, they would have yawned him off because he posed no threat to their religion business.
Always keep in mind, the very few who know what is at stake get the masses stirred up and push their agenda to secure chow for their already distended bellies at the detriment of society at large. The Bible tells us that there is nothing new under the sun. It's always the same script, just a different cast.
I needed to start off on that note to emphasize one inalienable truth: the heart of man is desperately wicked and it is brimming with all sorts of evil. Unless tampered with God's will, the evil machinations of man have no limit. Before you get lost in whatever cesspool of reasons a human being can give you for supporting any cause of theirs, ask a simple question: what is in it for them?
I have long given up on Ghanaian politics. Don't get me wrong. I cherish our democracy and I believe it is beautiful every Kofi, Abena and Serwaa can call Peace FM in the morning and voice their two pesewa on everything from government graft to geo-politics. It is a privilege we must jealously protect and for that reason only, I grant hesitantly that the NDC and the NPP are necessary evils we must condone.
Too often we are quick to label a person NDC or NPP so that what they have to say will become a secondary issue and the core issue becomes the mindless political pigeonhole we have locked them in. I AM NOT NDC AND NEITHER AM I NPP! You can question my sanity at every whim but my intellect means a lot to me and for its wholesomeness, I refuse to be identified with either side because my reasoned opinion is worth more to me than the nodding heads of party cronies.
The NDC is corrupt. The NPP is corrupt. No grown man will go spending all that money on campaigning nationwide and suffering untold indignities because he is a Father Christmas. They want to get into office for a reason. Don't excuse this point in a hurry. It is the only point that truly matters. Once that has crystallized, the campaign dais bull and manifesto cock stories assume near literal meanings.
The question now is who is more desperate? Who is willing to sacrifice a limb and who is ready to chop off a head? I implore you to keep your thinking cap strapped to your head. We are not going to lose our cool on account of anybody's depraved ambition and/or someone's malevolent scheme to change his economic status.
Think through the following points carefully and advise yourself and your love ones. Neither NDC nor NPP have ever bought me lunch so this is an opinion of a Ghanaian, not a political party buff.
l Akufo-Addo and his legal cohorts drove our dear country to the very brink of a civil upheaval in December 2008.
l If it were not for the intervention of Kufour in 2008, the stage would have been set for anarchy as Akufo-Addo's acolytes did not only claim victory for him but they were asking for Mills to concede to him.
l Even a former National Chairman of the NPP, and a member of the Council of Elders of the New Patriotic Party, the late Mr. B.J Da Rocha said, "The action taken by the party against the EC is neither in the interest of the nation nor the credibility of the NPP." He was referring to the legal maneuvers in 2008.
l Akufo-Addo has since made several claims abroad and at home that he magnanimously conceded defeat in 2008. As this is not a fact, this makes him a liar.
l Akufo-Addo has already made pronouncements suggesting that victory must be attained at all cost in the 2012 polls.
l In a typical elementary school maneuver, the NPP declared the 2012 election in favor of Akufo-Addo to preempt the result the EC would be declaring later.
l As a follow-up to this move, they have refused to accept the result of the EC and are on a rampage crying foul again.
l Ghana has a judicial system that is among Africa's most credible. They should go to court and speak their grammar and tenses.
l The young folks who have time on their hands during the day to wield machetes and go misbehaving like they did in 2008 should know they are idle and available to be used by these politicians because successive governments have failed them.
l Whiles they wrangle on in court, express your views respectfully and treat your fellow citizens the way you want to be treated.
l Ghana first! Politicians can go hang!!
Yours truly,
Selorm Kordzo-Aheto Avorkliyah
Asia PacificKen was sharing some scary retro mining results with me. And I must now inflict it upon all of you.
First up, ? & the Mysterians with "96 Tears" from 1965.
Direct link for the feedreaders.
Okay, is it just me or is ? actually creepy character actor Anthony James in a bad wig?
You know who I mean, right?
Source.
More disturbing bits after the break.
And now, the Lemon Pipers. But...Christ, would you guys leave the bear alone already? I thought hippies were supposed to be peaceful...
I like the host gets loopier the longer he's around them...secondary inhalation, mayhap?
Direct link for the feedreaders.
Buy StuffCite
Bibliographic details for "Shores of Evendim"
- Page name: Shores of Evendim
- Author: Tolkien Gateway contributors
- Publisher: Tolkien Gateway
- Date of last revision: 8 June 2011 18:53 UTC
- Date retrieved: 22 May 2015 10:07 UTC
- Permanent link:
- Page Version ID: 154940
Citation styles for "Shores of Evendim"
APA style
Shores of Evendim. (2011, June 8). In Tolkien Gateway. Retrieved 10:07, May 22, 2015, from
MLA style
Tolkien Gateway contributors. "Shores of Evendim." Tolkien Gateway. Tolkien Gateway, 8 Jun. 2011. Web. 22 May. 2015.
MHRA style
Tolkien Gateway contributors, 'Shores of Evendim', Tolkien Gateway, 8 June 2011, 18:53 UTC, <> [accessed 22 May 2015]
Chicago style
Tolkien Gateway contributors, "Shores of Evendim," Tolkien Gateway, (accessed May 22, 2015).
CBE/CSE style
Tolkien Gateway contributors. Shores of Evendim [Internet]. Tolkien Gateway; 2011 Jun 8, 18:53 UTC [cited 2015 May 22]. Available from:.
Bluebook style
Shores of Evendim, (last visited May 22, 2015).
Bluebook: Harvard JOLT style
Tolkien Gateway, Shores of Evendim, (optional description here) (as of May 22, 2015, 10:07 GMT).
AMA style
Tolkien Gateway contributors. Shores of Evendim. Tolkien Gateway. June 8, 2011, 18:53 UTC. Available at:. Accessed May 22, 2015.
BibTeX entry
@misc{ wiki:xxx, author = "Tolkien Gateway", title = "Shores of Evend = "Shores of Evendim --- Tolkien Gateway", year = "2011", url = "\url{}", note = "[Online; accessed 22-May-2015]" }
Talk pages
- Markup
- [[Shores of Evendim]] ([ this version])
- Result
- Shores of Evendim (this version)Sunday, September 18, 2005)Despite a lot of college basketball action over the last seven days, it was a surprisingly quiet week overall.
While No. 1 Texas did lose twice, everyone else at the top- Kentucky, Villanova, Kansas, Syracuse- held strong, and improved their tournament resumes as we head toward March.
This week, mark your calendar for several big games, starting Monday night when Georgetown visits Syracuse and ending Saturday night when Kansas plays Kansas State.
But in between there will still be a lot of great games, including two by our new No. 1 team…
1. Kentucky (19-0, 4-0): Well, well, well, look who’s the new No. 1 team in the country? In all seriousness though, it cannot be emphasized enough: As good as John Wall is, this team wouldn’t be undefeated without Eric Bledsoe and DeMarcus Cousins developing the way that they have.
2. Villanova (18-1, 7-0): During Saturday’s game against St. Johns, announcer Doris Burke explained Villanova’s effectiveness better than anyone I’ve heard so far. She said, “While most teams put pressure on you with their defense, the Wildcats are relentless with their offensive pressure.” Which makes sense, since Villanova’s got seven players averaging at least eight points per game.
3. Kansas (18-1, 4-0): No team has looked better over the last two weeks than the Jayhawks have, winning their last four games by an average of 15 points per contest. But with that said, Kansas cannot, and will not survive in March unless freshman Xavier Henry picks up his game. He’s had 15 points or more in just one of the Jayhawks last nine games.
4. Syracuse (19-1, 6-1): There isn’t a team in college basketball that seems to genuinely enjoy playing with each other more than the Orange, and it shows with their nearly unblemished record. Interesting fact: They host old rival Georgetown on Monday, a team they’ve never beaten while ranked in the top five.
5. Michigan State (17-3, 7-0): Somehow, the Spartans survived a thriller at Minnesota Saturday afternoon, escaping with a one point victory after trailing by as many as 13 points in the second half. Tom Izzo coached teams always seem to play their best basketball towards the end of the season, and this team is shaping up to be no different.
6. Duke (16-3, 4-2): What exactly are we supposed to make of Duke? Three days after getting embarrassed by an awful NC State team, they rebounded by blowing down the doors at Clemson. Are you confused? Because I sure am.
7. Texas (17-2, 3-1): It’s way too early to give up on this Texas team, and getting home after two tough road losses will do them a lot of good. But with that said, the problems are still there for the Longhorns, starting with an inconsistent and often times inept half court offense.
8. Georgetown (15-3, 6-2): Look, no one has been more critical of the Hoyas this season than I have, but it looks like finally, maybe they’re figuring it all out. We’ll have a better idea if that’s true by the end of this week, as they play Syracuse and Duke in the next six days.
9. West Virginia (15-3, 4-2): You simply can’t give enough credit to Bob Huggins crew for scratching and clawing their way to a victory over Ohio State Saturday, despite trailing by double-digits early in the game. On paper this looked like the most complete team in the Big East coming into the season, and they’re finally starting to show it.
10. Purdue (16-3, 4-3): Now that’s more like it. After losing three in a row, the Boilermakers shook up their starting lineup, and rebounded with convincing wins over Illinois and Michigan last week.
11. Kansas State (16-3, 3-2): The mark of a great program is the ability to beat the teams you’re supposed to, even when you’re not playing your best basketball. And while Kansas State may have looked great against Texas on Monday, Saturday’s home loss to Oklahoma State showed that they’ve still got a long way to go.
12. Tennessee (15-3, 3-1): The Vols weren’t going to keep winning forever, and crashed hard with a loss at Georgia Saturday afternoon. While Tennessee does return home for their next two games, visits from Vanderbilt and Florida will hardly be easy wins.
13. Wisconsin (16-4, 6-2): Can I ask a question: Who exactly makes the schedule in the Big 10? Because whoever it is, they’re not a Wisconsin fan, as the Badgers have to play Purdue and Michigan State in the same week, for the second time…this MONTH!!!
14. Brigham Young (20-1, 5-0): It wasn’t easy for the Cougars Saturday, as they needed all 40 minutes to hold on and beat San Diego State by just two points Saturday. Even scarier is that the Cougars will hit the road again on Wednesday, this time going to “The Pit,” at New Mexico, maybe the toughest road venue in college basketball that no one knows about.
15. Gonzaga (16-3, 5-0): The names on the uniforms may change, but it’s the end of January and here are the Gonzaga Bulldogs at the top of the WCC standings, and in college basketball’s top 15. Hmm, where’ve we seen this before?
16. Temple (17-3, 5-0): As usual, the Owls went out and dominated two overmatched Atlantic 10 opponents this week, moving their record to 17-3. Nothing new to report here.
17. Pittsburgh (15-4, 5-2): Could reality be settling in for the upstart Panthers? After losses in the last week to Georgetown and Seton Hall, it just might be.
18. UConn (13-6, 3-3): Give the Huskies credit for overcoming the loss of head coach Jim Calhoun, and winning two tough games, including a victory over No. 1 Texas. But at the same time, let’s be realistic. As good as this team looked last week, they’ve still yet to win a game away from home. They better change that at Providence on Wednesday.
19. Georgia Tech (14-5, 3-3): I said it last week and I’ll say it again: This is the most “hit,” or “miss,” team in college basketball. They split their two games again this week, winning a squeaker at Clemson, before losing Sunday at Florida State.
20. Ohio State (14-6, 4-3): The Buckeyes played just once this week and lost at West Virginia. While it was hardly a bad loss, it was certainly one the Buckeyes could have won, as they led by 12 points at halftime and couldn’t close the Mountaineers out.
New to the Power Rankings: UConn
Dropping Out: Clemson
3 CommentsWelcome to the Kickin The Winter Blues Paypal Giveaway Hosted by Jenn’s Blah Blah Blog and Pink Ninja Media I’m really amazed at how much savings you can get using coupons. I have been watching a few shows dedicated to couponing and I am really curious on how they do it. Based on a few… Continue ReadingA hit with the Olsen twins and Nicole Richie, Anita Ko is the label of choice for some of L.A.'s biggest names, so make like those in the know and invest in these 14-karat rose gold earrings. Contrasting a fierce thorn-inspired design with a delicate dusting of 0.25-carat diamonds, this striking pair will look especially chic styled with a sleek ponytail and highlighted cheeks. For pierced ears.
14-karat rose gold0.25-carat diamondsButterfly fastening for pierced ears
Product code: 326701 - Need help? Contact usTake a look at the architecture of latest Mac Pro, which is based on Intel Xeon processors. Now checkout iTKO LISA (a Testing, Validation and Virtualization tool) architecture blueprint:
Pushing Software Quality Higher in this Agile World!
The theory of constraints is the application of scientific principles and logic reasoning to guide human-based organizations.Software project managers, however, have not yet fully understood the fact that a similar phenomenon now also plays in the world of SOA based development. This is mainly because the architecture paradigm allows companies to build software, which depend on services manufactured by different organizations or even third-party suppliers and partners. One of the basic principles of TOC is Convergence. According to convergence, the more interconnected the organization is, the lower the number of constraints it will have. When we apply this to SOA, we know that the number of components and teams are growing and they are also loosely connected, which means the number of constraints are growing.
Pick the source whatever works for you and just make sure that you get your energy boost on regular bases and you'll find that you are climbing the stairs of success in no time.Pick the source whatever works for you and just make sure that you get your energy boost on regular bases and you'll find that you are climbing the stairs of success in no time.
- Regular exercise (15 minutes a day)
- Meditation
- Music, Sports
- Kids
- Meeting new people
- Reading articles and books
- Attending seminars and shows
- Reading biographies of other successful people
- Setting clear goals and reviewing them regularly
- Motivational movies
- Caffeine, of course!
- Just enough sleep
A tool that facilitates automating test scenarios and allows anyone to run them from anywhere and at anytime.This means that automating tests should be easy and intuitive. Tests, once automated, should be able to run on any supported platform or operating system. And most importantly, anyone (QA, Development, Sustaining Team, or even customers, if required) should be able to run these automated tests in an unattended mode.
A test engineer or a developer automates a test and checks it into a version control system. Cruise control kicks of the nightly build and executes all the pre-deployment test cases. A provisioning system deploys the latest bits and kicks of the post-deployment automated tests. Test results are automatically pushed over to a central server, where they get mapped to the requirements. An email notification is generated with up-to-date report.Above scenario captures majority of the requirements of a test automation framework. Some may think it is too extreme and for others some pieces of this scenario may not be applicable at all. But if you really think about it, this is the kind of infrastructure that is required to build high quality software applications. It is required for continuous integration and agile development & testing.
Next morning, the manager checks the email, clicks on the link, logs into the reporting system and gets the latest release readiness matrix with detailed drill-down test coverage and code coverage reports.
The company decides to ship automated tests with its product to its customers. Even in absence of the build workspace and central reporting server, customers are able to execute the automated tests and get the local report!
"We have a GA date approaching. PPM calls a Projet-Team meeting and takes a vote of confidence, which decides the fate of the software!!"
"A P1 bug is not a show-stopper if it already exists in production. The release will not degrade the production quality!!"
"QA gives a conditional GO with list of risks. By the time decision propogates to executives, the attachment is dropped and the Conditional-Go turns into a Sure-shot-Go!!"
"PM: The problem is not in our piece of the code. The issue is because of the other component that we are dependent on!!"AGR72934801 - Pipe Assembly,telescopic
PIPE ASSEMBLY,TELESCOPIC Pipe Assembly,Telescopic
Mfr Name: LG Electronics
Mfr Number: AGR72934801
See all items in LG
$22.28
AGR73194501 - Pipe Assembly,telescopic
Mfr Number: AGR73194501
$24.61
AGR73294302 - Pipe Assembly,Telescopic
Pipe Assembly,Telescopic Pipe Assembly,Telescopic
Mfr Number: AGR73294302
AGR72910302 - Pipe Assembly,Telescopic
Mfr Number: AGR72910302
$29.06
AGR72914102 - Pipe Assembly,telescopic
Mfr Number: AGR72914102
$20.10
AGR72914103 - Pipe Assembly,telescopic
Mfr Number: AGR72914103
5201FI2485A - Pipe Assembly,telescopic
Mfr Number: 5201FI2485A
$19.39
See all items in Pick-up Tools
$9
22-23070 - Telescopic Snow Shovel
A large snow shovel that packs away, making it ideal for cars and emergencies.
Mfr Name: Distributed By MCM
Mfr Number: SWWR11
See all items in Winter Products
22
32-30022 - Replacement Telescopic Antenna 10" ~ 34"
Replacement Telescopic Antenna
Commonly used on a variety of portable televisions, radios and similar devices. Adjustable length from 10" ~ 34"
Mfr Number: TA4
See all items in AM / FM / HD Radio
$4.49
$99.99
35-8503 - VHF Wireless Microphone Triple Play Headset/Lav/Guitar 174.8MHz
Mfr Number: VSCR/318-V61
35-8506 - VHF Wireless Microphone Handheld Dynamic 174.1MHz
Wireless Handheld Microphone System
The VSC System makes diversity wireless microphones available to everyone. With dual telescopic antennas, the rugged plastic housing of the VSCR receiver will endure the practice room or the stage. The 1/4" output connects easi...
Mfr Number: VSCR/H18-V59
$79.99
I have dealt with MCM Electronics a number of times and have been more than satisfied.Facebook app for iPhone and iPad to get a major overhaul
0. phoneArena 26 Jul 2012, 03:26 posted on...
This is a discussion for a news. To read the whole news, click here
1. Dejavu_LT (Posts: 38; Member since: 11 Jun 2012)
This info was already known about month ago :)
2. Eep111 (Posts: 1; Member since: 05 Jan 2011)
A complete rewrite for Android would be nice too!
4. ghostkilla1388 (Posts: 50; Member since: 11 Jun 2012)
agreed +1
3. bloodline (Posts: 703; Member since: 01 Dec 2011)
android sucks too. billion dollar company cant invest in good app developers....
6. good2great (Posts: 1042; Member since: 22 Feb 2012)
facebook for ipad is soooooooooo trash...
glad they are finally updating it...
both iOS versions are entirely too slow...
7. codymws (Posts: 237; Member since: 17 Jun 2010)
Considering the Android version is almost the same as the iPhone one, I sure hope they update the Android version too! Especially since there isn't even a tablet version.- All
- Big Questions
- Consciousness & Healing
- Extended Human Capacities
- Worldview Transformation
- Community Groups
- Open
DAVID & YVONNE BRITTAIN
Ascension Support Team.
Shadow People En Masse
(We don’t mean flitting spectres)
How is it possible to have a world in which the great majority of mankind is made up of shadow people? Ideas and ways of thinking (positively and negatively) are infectious. This is the reason why we write these articles. Long ago mankind chose to go along with the idea to build civilisations. Obviously, having made this choice there are advantages and disadvantages to be lived with, regardless of when the civilisation was, or is, or will be, built.
For example, just like all of those civilisations that have risen and fallen in the past, our modern civilisations have to have leaders. The leaders are not mentally equipped to handle every intricate facet of the civilisation that they lead, so they must rely upon specialised experts to advise them. Outside of their fields of expertise these experts are quite ordinary people, probably as unversed in other fields of expertise as is the leader and are the rest of us. But the experts have the right to influence the leader’s decisions with their specialised expert advice. Then it is the role of the non-expert leader to make vital decisions (on behalf of we, the majority) based on an amalgam of the advice the different experts have offered. But also the decision has to be based on many other factors, considerations and demands of powerful vested and private interests.
At the apex of the pyramid structure of any civilisation, decision-making is always a compromise between various powerful conflicting interests. At the base of the pyramid structure is the majority of the population, most of which assumes that the leadership is leading as opposed to being led. On that often-faulty assumption the majority are content to abide by the leader’s decisions at whatever the cost to them. The point of this commentary isn’t to analyse the mechanisms of power politics. The point is to define how the majority become shadow people, and here we have a clue.
If a small group of people lived scattered and isolated on a large island, each member of that group would learn to be self-reliant. They would quickly learn to co-operate with each other to achieve common aims, but as individuals, to survive, each would have think for self. Obviously the disadvantages of such a life-style would be enormous but so would the advantages. Necessity would ensure that each would discover his or her special, unique talents and skills. But also each would have to master, to some degree, all of the required skills needed to survive.
For example: The skilled lone hunter would also need to know enough about medicinal plants to be able to aid his or her body if ill or injured. Also he or she would need knowledge of edible plants for when game was scarce. His or her solitary lifestyle would enable him or her to develop his or her own ideas, thoughts and conjectures about the, to him or her, mysterious unknown. His or her conclusions might be completely inaccurate, but they would be his or hers, not foisted on to him or her at the insistence of others. To survive, each would be fully in tune with nature, and each would be a very real aware person in his or her own right. Each would be strong-willed and self-reliant, but ready to co-operate with the other self-reliant group members, when required, for the benefit of all.
Not for a moment do we suggest that we all seek out our own solitary islands. But suppose the group that we have described, were placed in the middle of our modern civilisation. What on Earth would they make of us? We don’t mean our technology or even our vast numbers of people. We mean, what would these self-reliant, strong-willed individuals make of the attitudes and outlook of the pyramid-base majority? They would be completely baffled. They would be even more baffled by the pyramid-apex leaderships of each nation. These would appear to totally disregard the wishes and existence of the majority until it is ‘majority-manipulating’ election time again.
The majorities of all the nations have never wanted wars, or the expensive, filthy weapons of war, and the death and carnage that goes with wars, but still we have wars. The majorities of all the nations have never wanted to drive vehicles that emit poison gas and heat up the planet; this especially since public awareness of safer alternative technology has existed. But still the latest mobile poison gas machines in their millions pour from the factories. These are offered as the only viable choice to a civilisation that is structured and mind-conditioned to be totally dependent on individual mobility. We could go on and on quoting examples, but now you can understand the bafflement of our island group.
If there were something a group member felt was objectionable he or she would stand up and clearly state that objection. He or she wouldn’t nervously glance around, waiting for others to stand up first. We in our civilisation with its vast numbers of people, always wait for others to stand up first to object. Why do we do this? The simple answer is fear. Fear has made the individual prefer to be hidden in the crowd. Fear has always made the leaders fear and suppress self-reliant, outspoken individuals. Fear has made the individual devalue his or her individual power.
Fear has always accompanied the human species, as a species and as individuals. Fear has always driven the few to lead, and the many to passively accept leadership. This is not a tirade against leaders or the led. Individually we are all born into an already existing situation governed by the stamp of similar fears. This applies to both, the leaders and the led. It is not surprising that many individuals unthinkingly accept this situation as the norm. Because it is as individuals that we are born into this situation, logically, it is only as individuals that we can change the situation. To enable us to achieve this, regardless of what others choose to believe, we must believe, and know that as individuals we have great powers.
Unfortunately we are all vulnerable to unquestioned, conditioned, narrowly channelled thought patterns. Lovingly we receive them from our parent’s generation. Lovingly we then pass on those same negative thought patterns to our children, to become their own patterns of thought. In turn our children’s generation pass them on to their children ad infinitum.
In that last paragraph is a clue that we can use to comprehend the real power of the individual human being. The clue is the fact that, whether we realise the fact or not, each one of us is the apex of our own pyramid. That may sound odd until we give it thought (and no, we are not moving in to the obscure realms of sacred geometry).
When a baby is born it is as an individual, not as part of a crowd scene. In that sense the baby is the unaware apex of its own pyramid. The baby arrives with a blank sheet mind onto which others will write much even before the child realises it has a sheet. Because the child values those others, he or she will also value what they have written on that blank sheet. For the child, it is unthinkable to criticise what is written because to do so is to criticise those others. Instead, what those others have written sets the future negative or positive pattern of the child’s thoughts. In this sense the child’s parents are the aware or unaware apexes of their own pyramids, of which the child is conditioned to be a part. But also the parents may continue to remain as conditioned parts of their parent’s pyramid, and so on, back through the generations.
Even before the child becomes an adult, his or her personal experiences may cause the child’s thinking to burst through this parentally imposed conditioning. When and if this happens the adult-to-be ceases to be a part of a previous generation pyramid. Instead, the adult-to-be, becomes the aware apex of his or her, own pyramid, with the potential to be a positive or negative influence on his or her descendants in the generations that will follow. In short each individual (aware or not) sends into the future an ever-widening pyramid thought-structure down the generations. This is in the power of the individual.
It is important to realize that the potential positive or negative effect of the individual on the thinking of others is not limited to the effect on future generations. We only have to look at the growing number of adults that are now bursting through the fear-filled conditioning handed down to them by previous generations. The time of Mankind’s awakening has finally arrived.
Love and Laughter from
David and YvonneMuseum Oscar Niemeyer
In 2002, the building that had been used for the state departments was remodelled and transformed into a museum. A new annex was constructed based on the silhouette of an Araucaria tree, typical of the Parana State flora. However, it is popularly known as the "eye". A tunnel in the basement connects the two buildings. Oscar Niemeyer created the entire project, and in tribute, the Parana Government named the museum after him.
No MIMOA account? Register here!How does ozone kill pathogenic bacteria but not beneficial bacteria, especially with direct contact like drinking ozonated water or rectal insulflation?
There are a couple of things at play here. First of all many pathogenic bacteria are anaerobic and thus cannot tolerate high oxygen concentrations.
Along the same lines, many bacteria cannot tolerate the peroxides formed by the ozone on water and fatty acids.
And finally, a lot of the beneficial effects of ozone come from its ability to stimulate immune function. This in turn leads to destruction of many of the pathogenic bacteria from peroxides and white blood cells.
Although high levels of ozone or peroxides can kill both good and bad bacteria. You will never kill off all the bacteria though so the surviving good bacteria will rebound.
Terms of Service - Privacy Policy - Spam Policy - Disclaimer - Guidelines & Rules
CureZone Newsletter is distributed in partnership with
1.361 sec, (1)By MIKE FERGUSON
Of the Baker City Herald
A pair of world-class athletes slipped into town over the weekend.
They weren't Tiger Woods and Michael Jordan those two would have attracted enough media attention that you would've heard about it 10 minutes into their appearance.
These athletes Jake Barnes of Arizona and Bobby Harris from Wyoming are quiet, approachable men who, when they're not competing, are out teaching the finer points of their sport.
That would be team roping, one of the most exciting few seconds of sports entertainment around.
Over the weekend, Barnes and Harris were the clinicians for the seventh annual team roping school at the Mackenzie Ranch, where 50 ropers ranging from beginner to intermediate levels learned and practiced a sport the two champions have spent a lifetime mastering.
Barnes is a Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association Hall of Fame "header" the one who initially ropes the steer and turns it, so that the "heeler," Harris, can then rope the back legs. Once that feat is accomplished, the two cowboys turn their horses, and one of the quickest and most exciting events in sport is complete.
Barnes is a seven-time world champion, and Harris is a world-champion heeler and 16-time qualifier for the National Finals Rodeo.
But even with those lofty qualifications, the two men found time to talk Saturday during their long day of teaching, encouraging and, sometimes, cajoling.
"I love working with kids, because they haven't developed any bad habits yet," says Barnes. "At this age, they have a lot of drive, and they pick things up quicker."
The weekend class, for intermediate-level ropers, is a mix of teenagers and adults. One beginning header drove all the way from Bozeman, Mont., just to spend the day Friday learning from Barnes.
A pair of Baker City headers in training, Katelyn White and Julie Williams, say they attended the class for two reasons: to learn, and to experience "the rush" that is at the heart of team roping.
"Jake's really patient, and he's willing to listen to anything you want to say," Williams said. "But I'm here for the adrenaline rush. It's so exciting once you get into it. It's been a lot of fun so far."
"All you have to do is rope off a horse," Williams said with a smile, noting the sport is not nearly so easy as it looks.
In fact, Barnes said, it is not uncommon for team ropers to lose a finger in an accident. That's why the two men stress safety during their clinics.
Hereford resident Mark Fillmore said he's been roping a long time, but still learned "a lot of finer points" from the two instructors.
"We're ranchers, so this is a sport we can understand. I think horsemanship is probably 70 percent of the sport," he said, pausing for a moment atop his wife's horse named Goldbar. "A good horse is worth a lot."
While he, too, appreciated the quality of instruction that he received from the two clinicians, Fillmore said the best part for him was that his entire family could attend the class.
"The reason this sport is growing so fast is that it's so family-oriented," he said. "Wives and kids can rope, too. It's just a real good school to bring your family to. The people are nice and friendly, and there's a real family-oriented feel to it.
"And it's always good to take your horse to a different place than where it's working all the time."
A lot to think about in five seconds
Straight out of the chute, cowboys have "at least 30 things" to think about in the five seconds it takes a professional team to rope a steer, Barnes said. The best ropers, he said, are not so much the most athletic, but the best thinkers.
"The most important thing to do is keep your composure and execute the fundamentals," Barnes said, "but at the same time, you're adjusting to the situation. The steer and the horse pattern is different every time. It's your job to make it as consistent as you can every time."
When he wasn't evaluating students, Barnes spent part of a break idly twirling a rope and doing tricks reminiscent of Will Rogers.
Barnes has taught the clinic at the Mackenzie Ranch each of the event's seven years. This marked Harris' third year.
At the heart of his sport, Harris says, is the bond that humans and horses share. A good horse senses when extra care is required, he believes.
"A horse knows when he's got a kid on top, and he takes care of the kid," he said.
Harris says it's the opportunity to teach children that keeps him active during the springtime clinic season. Each year he appears at some 15 clinics around the country.
"The kids are so pure," he said. "You can see on their faces the kick they get out of (roping). You can also tell who's been practicing since the previous year. We can tell them what they need to do to improve, but they've got to practice" in order to get to the next level.Post-Corrie: Michelle Keegan plans to make it big Stateside
NOW that she’s officially off the books at Corrie, Michelle Keegan is looking for her next career move. And she’s hoping that will be Stateside, according to our spies.
ALL SMILES: Michelle wants to be taken seriously as an actress [ITV]
The actress, 27, will be flying to the US in the next couple of months for a series of auditions and meetings in a bid to make it big in America.
A source said: “Now that Michelle’s left Corrie, she’s determined to secure a serious acting career and her agent thinks she’s got what it takes to make it big in Hollywood.
“She wants to be taken seriously as an actress.”
But Michelle is worried that her good looks may go against her.
The source added: “Her Sexiest Female awards are bitter sweet. She’s grateful but she’d love to win something for her acting.”Paifang or Pailou, meaning archway in English, is a traditional Chinese gateway with a memorial or decorative nature. Traditional Chinese memorial archway could be made of wood, brick, stone or glaze, and is built mainly to commemorate the great achievements or loftiness of a family's ancestors. Most Chinese archways are placed in front of a tomb, temple, bridge, and ancestral hall or along the road.
Function
As an accessorial architecture, the archway firstly serves as a gateway and decoration of the main building. Many shops create archways to prettify its entrance and attract customers. Meanwhile, traditional Chinese archways generally carried inscriptions to propagate certain moral principles or to extol government achievements. In ancient China, for example, many widowed women, fettered by the feudal ethical code, refrained from remarriage just in the hope to have "archway of chastity".
History
It is suggested that the Chinese memorial archway may have been derived from the torana temple-gate in ancient India, though it has taken on traditional Chinese architecture characteristics such as multi-tiered roofs, various supporting posts, and archway-shapes of traditional gates and towers.
During the Tang dynasty, it was called wutoumen (black top gate), because the top of the two posts were painted black. By the Ming and Qing dynasties, it was called Paifang or Pailou, and evolved into more elaborate structure with more posts and gates, with super-structural gable on top.
Varieties
Wooden archways: Wooden archway involves placing wooden pillars onto stone bases, and bound together with wooden beams. This type of archway is always beautifully decorated, with the pillars usually painted in red, the beams decorated with intricate designs and Chinese calligraphy, and the roof covered with colored tiles, complete with mythical beasts - just like a Chinese palace.
Stone or brick archways: Another form of Chinese archways is s made of stone or bricks; the walls may be painted, or decorated with colored tiles; the top of the archways are decorated like their wooden counterparts. Yet another form of stone archways, built mainly on religious and burial grounds, consists of plain white stone pillars and beams, with neither roof tiles nor any colored decoration, but feature elaborate carvings created by master masons.
Famous Chinese archways
According to relevant records, there used to be some 57 archways in old Beijing. A well-preserved archway is the one in front of the main entrance to the Summer Palace. Built 200 years ago, it is composed of four columns forming three arches and carrying on top seven roofed ornamental units.
Shexian near Huangshan City is regarded as the Town of Archways in China. Here stand many outstanding memorial archways, among which Tangyue Memorial Archway Group is the most famous. Built in the Ming and Qing Dynasties, it is a collection of seven memorial archways winding their ways into the group.Welcome!
Got a passion for fashion? Join our team!
Recent Fashion News
- The Hoodie You Never Knew You Needed
- The Perfect Playlist For The Perfect Mile
- Prom or the Oscars?
Posted On May 21, 2015
Posted On May 19, 2015
Posted On May 12, 2015"TEDxStanford: Above and Beyond" arrives at the university on Saturday, May 10. The event features a wide range of speakers and performers, who, in various ways, will advocate for pushing limits, thinking outside of the box and believing that more is always possible.
Melinda Sacks, director of media initiatives in the Stanford University Office of Public Affairs, is the producer and curator of TEDxStanford. In the week running up to the event, she has been working feverishly to bring every last detail together.
"The goal of TEDxStanford," Sacks wrote in an email to the Weekly, "is to open the doors of the university to the global community, and to share the exploration and discovery that happens here" — that is, at Stanford.
Sacks said the event gives the university the opportunity to showcase all the great work being done at Stanford: "Remarkable arts and untold stories from laboratories, dance studios, engineering classrooms, and all seven of our schools" will be told over the course of the day, she said. "Whether your interest lies in marine biology, climate change, car racing or hip hop and classical music, you'll find something that intrigues you at TEDxStanford 2014."
The event is sold out, but a free webcast of the conference will be available online.
It is third time in as many years that Stanford has hosted a TEDx — the franchise version of the popular TED lecture and performance series, which promotes "ideas worth spreading" in the realms of technology, entertainment and design.
One of the TEDx speakers, Ge Wang, will discuss the intersection of technology and music. Wang is a musician, electronic instrument creator and assistant professor at Stanford's Center for Computer Research in Music and Acoustics, or CCRMA (pronounced "karma").
In a conversation with the Weekly Wang said he plans to discuss "the story of using computers to make music in a different way."
According to Wang, humanity is in a "special moment" — a time when music is easier to access, share and create than it has ever been. And Wang wants to make it even easier to compose and share music.
"I'm kind of a believer that there is a musician in each of us, and it just might take the right nudge to get people to make music," Wang said. Technology has the potential to be that nudge, he continued, pointing, by way of example, to a smartphone app he created, called "Ocarina," which allows users to learn, make and share their own music with others.
The way Wang sees it, there are absolutely no downsides to spreading music — and the more musicians making tunes, the better. "I think it's something that makes people happier," he said. "I think it makes life richer. ... I think it gets people to consider things a little bit differently. Music has this ability to both put you in a different place and to invite you to think about things in a different way."
And so, in his talk, Wang will explore how to get more people creating and connecting through music.
One way to do that is through good design — by creating an interface that people find intuitive and fun to use, so that they'll continue to use a given musical tool.
Michael Sturtz, a sculptor, product designer and director of the ReDesigning Theater project at the Institute of Design at Stanford, is a firm believer in the importance of "intuitive design."
Strong design — especially in technology — is rooted in an empathy for the end user, Sturtz said, noting that good tech design should be aesthetically pleasing as well as highly functional and easy to understand.
In addition to his work in academia, Sturtz is also the founder of The Crucible, an Oakland-based community art school. Since The Crucible opened in 1999, Sturtz has taught art and the principles of design to people from all walks of life.
If Sturtz has learned anything from his time at The Crucible, he said it's that people are often afraid to take chances. That's why, during his TEDx talk this weekend, he plans to advocate for people to push their own boundaries and challenge themselves to find and exercise their own creative voices.
"I just think there is still a need for people to get permission to express their creativity," he said.
Sturtz views his advocacy for more creativity as a fight to make the world a better place. The more creative people out there, he said, the more creative solutions to problems will be offered and the more solutions will be discovered.
All this loops back to Wang's advocacy for elegant design in musical technology — and in technology in general. The tech world needs creative, artistic people in order to progress, Sturtz said.
"I think it is safe to say that creativity is at the heart of almost everything that happens at Stanford," Sacks wrote — "whether it is in a laboratory, or an artist's studio, or a classroom, and whether it is basic science or solution-based research. People talk about the 'secret sauce' that is Stanford, or that is Silicon Valley. Creativity is one if not the biggest ingredient!"
According to Ben Henretig, creativity isn't the only thing the world needs. Though Western countries have built strong economies, high standards of living and great technological infrastructure, the United States and other European countries are lacking when it comes to what he calls "gross national happiness."
Henretig, a Stanford grad and filmmaker, will be speaking at the TEDx conference, sharing what he learned from the documentary, "The Happiest Place," which he made while traveling through the South Asian country of Bhutan — a country that actually measures how happy its people are and uses the metric of "gross national happiness" as a yardstick for progress.
It got Henretig thinking. "What is the true meaning of progress and success?" he asked. It's a question he will put to the audience at TEDxStanford this weekend, where he intends to "raise questions around how to promote health and well-being in our communities."
One easy way Henretig believes health and well-being can be promoted is for everyone to simply take a deep breath. "It's OK to slow down," he said. "In fact, it's necessary in the fast-paced lives we're all living."
He said he wants people to think about what truly makes them happy, noting that the answer to that question "might be more simple than we make it out to be."
While the media and advertisers are working hard to convince us that happiness can be bought or achieved by reaching out and grabbing something, Henretig said he believes people are often happiest when they can just spend time with family, friends and loved ones.
Henretig is no Luddite, and he isn't calling for people to throw away their phones or mobile devices. In fact, it was through a social media campaign that he gathered some of the evidence for his hypothesis that happiness can be very simple. During the making of "The Happiest Place," Henretig asked his social media followers to post pictures of themselves doing something that made them happy, along with the hashtag #thisishappiness.
"That was awesome," he said, recalling the campaign. What Henretig found was that most people posted pictures of themselves with someone else — friends, family, girlfriends, husbands. "A lot of people shared a lot of the same things that we also saw in Bhutan," he said. "The images were people with their partners, loved ones, families, children, and in the natural world, appreciating natural beauty."
Sacks is hopeful that people will leave TEDxStanford with a head full of ideas and an inspired heart, and that, ultimately, that may result in real, meaningful action.
"In developing and producing TEDxStanford I have tried to take the best of what TED has to offer, and merge it with the best of Stanford," she wrote. "There is such a rich pool at Stanford of groundbreaking research and people doing work that is making a clear and measurable difference in the world that just sharing this content can lead to positive change."
TedxStanford 2014: 'Above and Beyond'
Webcast: new.livestream.com/tedx/Stanford2014
More Info: tedx.stanford.edu/The really great thing about over-the-air (OTA) digital HDTV is that it’ll give you a better signal than you’ll ever get with cable or satellite, and it’s free. The only real problem is getting good reception, and getting the picture onto a screen in your home. sacrifice of a single USB port, it will turn your PC into an HDTV, a standard definition digital TV, and (for the year and a half or so that it’s still around), you’ll be able to get analog TV as well. All that, and you get decent PVR (personal video recorder) functions too.
This is a sweet deal for getting HDTV on the cheap, but quality will vary a lot depending on where you live, the type of antenna you hook up, and how new your computer is. Unfortunately, the packaged antenna that Pinnacle includes with this version of its HD Stick is three kinds of useless: It’s all of 4 inches long, the cable that it’s permanently attached to is only about 3 feet long, and the magnetic base might seem like a good idea at first, until you realize that this device is meant to travel with your laptop, or stick close to your PC. In case you don’t know, magnets and computer parts don’t mix well.
If you want to get decent reception, you’ll have to head to an electronics store for a better antenna. The one included with the slightly more expensive HD Stick Pro is a little better (it’s telescoping and much longer), but unless you live on a large hill in the middle of a big city, with no trees or other buildings to interfere, you’re going to need an outdoor antenna to get any real, worthwhile reception. In our 11th-floor, midtown Manhattan office, Pinnacle’s dinky antenna managed to snag about ten digital channels once I found a way to get the antenna high enough. Not all of them were watchable, because the signal tends to cut in and out. The HD Stick also managed to pick up a handful of severely snowy analog stations. But at my home in an outer borough, with a $25 outdoor antenna, the Pinnacle HD Stick picked up plenty of stations, including the four networks and PBS in HD. You can check antennaweb.org to get a fairly clear idea of what to expect in your area with a similar setup.
Pinnacle advertises the HD Stick mostly as a travel-with-your-laptop solution, though. And for that, it’s not likely to be a satisfactory solution, as reception isn’t going to be great with an indoor antenna unless you happen to be in an ideal location. For traveling, I’d recommend Pinnacle’s HDTV To Go HD Wireless box, hooked up directly to your cable or satellite receiver. Although at $249, it’s a far more expensive solution, it’ll let you access all your TV content, even from your home PVR, wherever you have your laptop and WiFi.
Recommended specs for running the HD Stick on a laptop are a 1.8-GHz Pentium M, and for the PC at least a Pentium 4 2.4-Ghz CPU and 1GB of RAM for HD viewing. A number of users with borderline systems have complained online about audio sync problems, and if you’re recording something, it’ll bog down your system even more.
The software is pretty solid, but has some minor issues. If your reception for a specific channel is poor, changing from one station to the next can hang for a number of seconds. But a lot of that seems to have to do with digital TV tuners in general, as my HDTV does the same thing. On rare occasions, an image will stick on-screen when you’re changing channels, but a quick close and relaunch of the software takes less than 10 seconds.
Overall, the Pinnacle HD Stick is a great, low-cost, simple way to get HD and SD TV onto your PC. Just plug it in, install the software, and you’re good to go. It’s not a great portable TV solution though, which is, oddly, what the company seems to be marketing it for. Pinnacle sells a slightly older HD Stick Pro model that comes with a remote and a better antenna. Considering that in retail stores, the price difference between the two is around $10, it’s probably wise to go the Pro route. Both options are available now.
If you don’t have an HDTV, this is the simplest and cheapest way to get high-definition television into your life. And even if you have HD cable or satellite, an over-the-air solution such as this will offer a slightly better picture, because there’s no compression involved. For those who remember the days when PC TV tuners came on bulky internal PC cards and included buggy software, this is quite an improvement.
Post by Matt Safford
Reader CommentsSir Richard Musgrave (born 1411)
Biography & Family History Add details
Sir Richard Musgrave (born 1411) was born in ca. 1411 at Musgrave, Westmorland, England,. He was born into the Musgrave family.
This genealogy of Sir Richard Musgrave's past was created by AncientFaces members Contribute what you know to connect with the people who knew them. Some things we would like to know about Sir's genealogy:
- Where and when did Sir die?
- Who was Sirs family?
- What did Sir look like? Add some photos of their life.
Family Tree & Genealogy
Sir's family tree can be updated by anyone. Simply click the "Add" or "Edit" links to make changes.
You can add or remove people from this genealogy by clicking here.
History of Sir Richard Musgrave Add details
- Given name
- Sir
- Surnames
- Musgrave family history
- Born
- at Musgrave, Westmorland, England,
- Gender
- Male
Obituary Add details
No one has entered information on the obituary records of Sir. You can add obituary information about Sir Richard Musgrave by clicking "Add Details".
Discuss Sir
Share your memories with the rest of Sir Richard Musgrave's followers, by entering your message in the box below. We'll message anyone else who is connected to Sir of your post.
Any messages you post will appear below for other people to comment on. If you have a favorite story about Sir you would like to share, consider sharing a story.
Intent on avoiding unnecessary delays, County Commissioner Nora Patterson has pushed to speed up requests for state funds to help pay for renourishing Turtle Beach sand.
Patterson brought up plans to renourish Turtle Beach at a Jan. 21 Siesta Key Condominium Association meeting.
“The planning and design work is just about complete for renourishment.” Patterson said, speaking about Turtle Beach, adding: “We’re just about ready to submit permits, and local dollars are in the bank.”
Patterson said it was important to time the permitting and design processes so the project’s construction can be scheduled around sea turtle nesting season, which runs from May through November. Renourishment is prohibited by environmental protection rules during that period.
In a Jan. 21 email to Sarasota County Coastal Resources Manager Laird Wreford, Patterson also pushed to expedite the request to secure state funding to cover a portion of the project, suggesting that the request be made before the permits are secured in order to not miss the current legislative session.
“You would likely not know until end of March or later 2015, if you cannot nail down that money this year,” Patterson wrote.
Portions of the cost of restoring Turtle Beach, which is located at the southern end of Siesta Key at the end of Midnight Pass Road, will also be covered by private land owners likely to benefit from the project.
“There will be some charge to abutting land owners,” Patterson said, speaking Jan. 21 to the audience of about 70 Siesta condominium owners.
Turtle Beach suffered severe erosion following Tropical Storm Debby in June 2012, losing much of the transplanted sand from a 2006-2007 renourishment project.
When Turtle Beach was renourished in 2007, county staff involved with the project estimated that the beach would need to be renourished every seven years. The county used tourist tax revenue to fund 45% of the 2006-2007 project. The state paid for 37% of the work, and property owners along Turtle Beach were assessed for the remaining 8% of costs.
Contact Nolan Peterson at npeterson@yourobserver.comAn Alabama man was killed in a two-vehicle accident late Friday morning on U.S. Highway 98 near Silver Sands Premium Outlets, according to the Florida Highway Patrol.
View a photo gallery of the scene. >>
Mark H. Bosarge Jr, 20, of Irvington, Ala., died when his 2011 Hino truck hit the rear of a 2012 Jeep Cherokee in the outside westbound lane about 11:30 a.m. It then veered across U.S. 98 onto the south shoulder and hit a wooden fence, the FHP reported.
Cynthia L. Graham, 63, of Santa Rosa Beach, was driving the Cherokee and had slowed for traffic ahead, according to the FHP.
Graham was taken to Bay Medical Center in Panama City with serious injuries, the FHP reported.
Graham’s passenger, 62-year-old G. Elizabeth Lynn of Santa Rosa Beach, was taken to Sacred Heart Hospital on the Emerald Coast in serious condition.
Westbound lanes were closed after the crash and law officers directed motorists onto the eastbound lanes. Traffic was backed up in both directions for much of the afternoon.
The westbound lanes were reopened at about 3:50 p.m.
The FHP investigation was continuing.News Release
Thursday, January 5, 2012
Missing Person Houston Woods NR12008lpLos Angeles: The family of Houston Woods and the Los Angeles Police Department requests the public’s help in locating Mr. Woods.
Houston Woods was last seen on November 10th 2011, at the 5700 Block of Vermont Ave. Woods has worked for the City of Los Angeles for over 25 years and has not shown up for work since the 20th of October. Woods’ family members are concerned since he has not been in touch during the holiday season.
Anyone with information regarding the whereabouts of Woods is asked to call Detective Merrill, of Mr. Woods will be available for media interviews. Please call LAPD Media Relations Section at 213-486-5910, for more- News & Events
- Virtual Museum
- Educational Resources
- Histories & Narratives
- Websites & Bibliography
- Giving Opportunities
Sociology 8190: Topics in Law, Crime, and Deviance: Gender, Mass Violence &
Crime in International Law
Spring 2014
This course examines crime and criminal justice as gendered phenomena with a
specific emphasis on gender-based violence during conflict. It explores how notions of different types of masculinity and femininity are embedded in and influence criminal behaviors, the operation of the criminal justice system, and the evolution of international criminal law. Course readings draw on historical and contemporary research and various theoretical perspectives, some of which present very different ways to think about how crime and criminal justice are shaped by gender and sex.Entries tagged with: The Atlas Moth
New England Hardcore & Metal Festival adds The Red Chord, Code Orange, The Atlas Moth & more to lineup
photo: The Red Chord at Public Assembly in 2010 (more by Fred Pessaro)
")"
The Heavy Lowdown: new Black Anvil, Crowbar, Atlas Moth, YOB, Tombs, Eyehategod, Origin ++ weekend shows +++ more
By Ian Chainey
YOB at the Bell House, 2012 (more by Fred Pessaro)
)
.
Don't forget: Keep up with the rest of our metal coverage here.
Now that you're, ahem, fully briefed, let's recap all of the A/V transmissions:
1349 - 'Slaves' art
.
Continue reading "The Heavy Lowdown: Wolvhammer, The Atlas Moth, 1349, Deathhammer, Graves at Sea, Mayhem, Judas Priest & more"
The Heavy Lowdown: Napalm Death covers Cardiacs, Nero di Marte had their gear stolen, weekend shows & lots more
By Doug Moore
Misery Index at Europa, 2011 (more by Samantha Marble)
_11<<_12<<_13<<_14<<
_18<<_20<<_21<<_22<<_23<<
_26<<_27<<_29<<_30<<_31<<_32<<_33<<
_35<<!"Search
In the blue corner, we have Andrew Jackson Jihad covering Neutral Milk Hotel, which is an obvious influence of theirs. But will Cobra Skulls, in the red corner, be able to compete covering Bob Dylan?
To put it simply, Neutral Milk Hotel's "Two Headed Boy" is an acoustic song covered acoustically. Andrew Jackson Jihad does a good job of changing the pace of the riff ever so mildly (more of a punk chugging sound) to fit the song's slight speed increase. Sean-Claude Bonnette's vocal styling couldn't be more different NMH's Jeff Magnum: High-pitched and almost meek versus Jeff's bassy delivery. The vulnerability of the song is accented with Sean, but it's not a surprise he needed to double-track his vocals during the choruses to equal the power of Magnum. The song fades out with what could be anything from a bass synth to a sedated didgeridoo which complements the acoustic guitar nicely, but it seems like the main goal of this cover was an homage to an influence rather than a cover that could stand up over repeated listens. After a few spins I was ready for NMH's version becoming the sole version of that song I will listen to again and again.
I wasn't the only one to raise their eyebrow when they heard Cobra Skulls was covering Bob Dylan's "Subterranean Homesick Blues," but they do such a bang=up job I'm sure everyone's eyebrows were subsequently lowered. The cover sounds like, well, a rockabilly band covering "Subterranean Homesick Blues," but they do it as a complete rock and roll rave-up that's irresistible, rendering the Red Hot Chili Peppers version completely obsolete (if it wasn't already). Above all, Devin Peralta does a good job of fitting the odd vocal meter into the speed of the song, and speeding up the song exponentially during the fade-out was a nice touch to go out on.
On paper Andrew Jackson Jihad had the advantage but Cobra Skulls won via knockout in the 5th round.
whats with all the AJJ hate? this is my fav so far of the series
Maybe I should have read the review first. So I guess I AM retarded.
This cover looks quite a bit like that one Neutral Milk Hotel cover. Or is that the point and I'm just retarded?
Just to reiterate what's already been said once, it's Mangum, not Magnum. The number of people who fuck up his name seems to be second only to the number who write Elliott Smith with only one "t". Or Mitch Hedberg as Mitch Hedburg.
Anyway, I've yet to listen to this, but I've really been looking forward to it. I even preordered it from Vinyl Collective long ago, but it's becoming clear that my order somehow got lost in the shuffle. I guess I'll have to email them.
The cobra skulls cover was greatt. I dont get why Jackson cover two headed boy though...there's so many better songs. Part two is even better. Someone has to find Jeff Magnum where the fuck did he go?!!?
Looks like I'm one of the few that likes the AJJ side better, but of course I'm biased because AJJ and Neutral Milk Hotel are two of my favorite bands.
so the AJJ cover sounds like an acoustic band covering an acoustic song, and the Cobra Skulls side sounds like a Psychobilly band covering Dylan...
horrible review
I've listened to the cobra skulls side quite a few times and tried listening to ajj but had to flip it over about 10 seconds into it. After seeing ajj I sort of have a grudge against them. The singer kept doing the whole " Hey miami! How are you guys doing tonight" thing, while being in chicago. They're not funny and they're not that good.
AJJ: not bad at all, but nothing special either.
Cobra Skulls: One of the best covers i've heard in a long time.
Overall great split, my favorite of the series so far. I'm looking forward to the Lemuria/OWTH one quite a bit. This whole series is awesome.
Score is for how much I LOOOOVEE YOU JESUS CHRIST
Score's for Cobra Skulls' cover... one of the best ever.
Still haven't flipped it over to listen to AJJ yet.
score is for Neutral Milk Hotel's in the areoplane over the sea album
Oh yeah, and great album cover. Mitch Clem = Pure Awesomeness. Score is for Mitch.
Totally agree with MNpunkmaster below.
Great review, Torgo.
is anyone else into frightened rabbit
Another solid release from a great series. Cobra Skulls do the better job, though.
Oh don't make me blush Mike
Great artwork, great review, decent covers. solid 6
1234go: You're right, it is, that's what I get for not having friends that like NMH in real life to correct me on my dyslexia
thepopeofchili-town: Yeah I'd give Cobra Skulls a solid 3.5 and AJJ a weak 2.5
A friend of mine dragged me into Hot Topic, and to my surprise they had about 20 copies of this split in there. I picked up two for myself. Cheaper than Interpunk and no shipping costs. I like AJJ more in general, but this split is all about the Cobra Skulls. Score's for their contribution....
It's mangum.
I'm surprised they didn't cover the Mt. Goats.This deal has ended.
Still the least expensive printer we have listed, Tiger Direct has the Lexmark Z735 Ink Jet Printer for only $19.99. The Lexmark Z735 features up to 4800 x 1200 dpi resolution, prints up to 15 page per minute, and supports borderless photo paper printing. It includes a USB 2.0 port and supports printing from Windows PCs. Shipping is calculated at checkout and sales tax is only charged to IL, FL and NC.No longer availableby Sylvie Greil
After several visits to Sedona, we know exactly what we desire in terms of accommodations. We want a spa for lazing and soaking tired muscles after an invigorating hike to, say, the Boynton Canyon Vortex. We also need the stay — and the staff — to be warm, not stuffy. We shun over-the-top luxury in red rock land, because we feel so earthy and "au naturel" whenever we visit.
The Sedona Rouge is a low-key, mellow boutique property that has just enough style to satisfy urbanites getting grounded for the weekend. The Rouge didn't want to be another desert-themed hotel, so instead of Southwestern clichés, it boasts whimsical, eleventh-century Andalusian themes and textures in its 74 guest rooms, 21 of which feature gas fireplaces.
Splurge on the spa suite with its delicious soaking tub and king-size bed, set on the second floor of the spa building, which is situated off from the main property. It feels silly to fret over robes, but, made of the softest Kashwere, they are worth mentioning. In fact, they are so coveted, they are the best-selling item at the spa. The spa, under the direction of Greg Retegan, offers customized treatments that emphasize a client's individual needs.
For the Rouge's signature restaurant, Reds, general manager Ed Conway, who has managed hotels from Russia to South America, has imported executive chef Ron Moler from Westward Look Resort in Tucson for contemporary cuisine boasting dishes such as Mac & Cheese Skillet with Vermont Aged Cheddar; and Sea Bass with Fresh Baby Fennel, Mussels, Olives and Tomatoes in an Orange-Saffron Broth.
Equally noteworthy is the concierge service, which will put together the perfect Sedona experience for you, from where to eat (if not at Reds, get your fill at nearby bustling Italian favorite, Dahl & DiLuca) to scenic hikes and eclectic sacred spots, such as the 36-foot-tall Enlightenment Stupa, a Buddhist meditation sculpture.
| Site News
| Rating System
| Advertising
| Content Licensing
Copyright © 1996-2015 GAYOT ® All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy Disclaimer Terms of Use GAYOT (pronounced guy-OH) The Guide To The Good LifeNew subscription
Renew my subscription
Give a gift
Pay my bill
Change my address
CLUB HORSE
Al Kehbir Ahmar
Active within 2506 Days
I am from Summerville, SC and I've been a Club Horse member for 7 years, 7 months and 4 days
Nicknames: Kehbir (barn name), Kehbs, Registered: RA Al Kehbir Ahmar
Age: 10 years old
Gender: Gelding
Breed: Arabian
Height: 14.3 - possible 15 hands
Color: Bay with a star and one white sock
Type of Riding: Trails mainly. He has lots of dressage potential though!
My Horse's Achievements: Yep - he was a cryptorchid and he had to get gelded twice (poor baby!) and we're riding!!
My Horse's Favorite Treat: Mares :-) haha Apples Sugar cubes Stud Muffins
My Horse's Favorite Things To Do: Be as sociable as possible - especially with a particular "blonde" in the barn. Although, he does seem inseperable from his best bud Sudi.
Pet Peeves: Not being able to get the girl
My Horse's motto: Not really a motto. He has more of a "Hot Mare Moo"
See all awards »
Found him on the internet from a Straight Egyptian Breeder. He was shipped here with his cousin Sudi from MO..
I've had 532 friends visit me.
I'm the 6,015th member on HorseChannel.com.
13 friends have voted for me since I joined Club Horse!
Redeem your FREE avatar decorations now »
Come visit me, Saints Chief Leopold, Triggers Twisted Vegas & In Loving Memory Of Haily.
Come visit me, Catch A Falling Star aka Leroy.
Come visit me, Malibu, In Loving Memory of JuneBug & Al.
Come visit me, Vista.
Come visit me, Candy, Penny Jean, Casey, Royal Bold Prince & Jaggs Fancy Free.
Hannah, Blairsville, GA.
Come visit me, Mavericks Sassy Zip, In Loving Memory of Joe, Daylights Jewel & Pacs Last Son.
K, M, ON.
Come visit me, Im Cool Enough, Dancing Comet, Beverly Hills, Fabuluos Impressions, Sweet Peaches, Slug-a-Mug, Cavallo & Pretty In Pink.
Come visit me, Vintage San & Butterfly Flip.
Come visit me, Hannah, Montana Blue & Dream Catcher.
Gretchen,.Gabriela Penn's techno tracks always have a nice funky groove, combined with some nice warm, deep melodies. With a strong eye for detail, her deep grooves are surely going to make you move. Her first track 'Radioactive Elephants From Mars "was immediately in the Beatport Top 100. Gabriela consistently delivers glorious techno mixes that demonstrate her excellent technical skills as well as her ability to engage the audience. There are gentle moments elegantly timed in the center, and exotic signatures laced throughout the entire mix. These traits balance well with the explosive peaks and climax that convincingly send you off into a night of amorous robots, majestic caverns, and colorful denizens. It is a landscape we will look forward to visiting again and again.
Press play to try again.
Nestled in the relatively quiet area of La Carihuela / Montemar, Neptuno Apartmento is in a great location right in front of the beach. There are plenty of bars, restaurants and shops in the vicinity and the livelier areas of Torremolinos and Benalmadena's Puerto Marina are only a walk away
It is also well located to enjoy the many local tourist attractions such as Tivoli, Aqualand, Crocodile Park, SeaLife Centre and Malaga city itself, not to mention regional Andalucian destinations such as Granada, Cordoba, Marbella and Sevilla.
The apartment is well equipped, bright, clean and spacious. Leading from the lounge is a fabulous sunny terrace, with fantastic sea views across Malaga Bay to the Sierra Nevada mountains. With one double and one twin bedroom plus a sofabed, the apartment is ideal for families, a group of friends, couples or solo-travellers.
The apartment also benefits from a residents pool (closed from mid-October through to late spring) and Wi-Fi.
Features and Facilities
The Andalucia region
Malaga, also known as Costa del Sol due its excellent weather (the sun shines for around 320 days a year) and beaches, is located at the southernmost coast of Spain, and is one of the most popular destinations in the world: Miles of lovely sandy beaches and warm weather throughout most of the year keep tourists coming back year after year to resorts in Torremolinos, Benalmadena, Fuengirola, Marbella or to the luxury Puerto Banús.
Málaga is also known as Costa del Golf because of the high concentrations of world class golf courses. There are theme parks and attractions for tourists, water parks, safari, karting, parks and beautiful landscaped public gardens. These are some of the examples you can find on the Costa del Sol. Younger tourists may find Benalmadena´s Puerto Marina and Puerto Banús in Marbella interesting; both of them trendy and chic with pubs and bars open until near the morning.
Malaga city has much to offer, many monuments can be found as well as shopping centres. Malaga city is well linked to other cities like Granada, Córdoba or Sevilla by train from María Zambrano train station or by bus from the main bus station located near the city centre. The new Autopista del Sol provides access from Malaga to Estepona and beyond to Gibraltar. Even though being slower, the old coastal road is still a nice option because of the lovely views along the sea.
In short a great region with loads to see and do for all visitors whatever your age!
Torremolinos
La Carihuela and Montemar are quiet, predominantly residential areas away from the bustling nightlife of Puerto Marina and Torremolinos, both a walk or short taxi ride away from the apartment. Local to the apartment are a range of small bars, tapas bars / restaurants and some supermarkets. A 30 minute journey away are the larger commercial centres of Malaga and Fuengirola. There are some great family entertainment centres nearby at Tivoli, Aqualand, Crocodile Park and the SeaLife centre all within 15 May 2014
"We found a diamond!"
A clean spacious apartment with many lovely features has a well equipped kitchen very modern bathroom with a bath as well as a shower the lounge has two large sofas with dining table and chairs tv dvd and cd player ( wi fi is available at a very reasonable charge)
The master bedroom was very comfortable with lots of wardrobe space and luxurious bed linen then the icing on the cake! a fantastic large roof top terrace ( with lots of sun loungers and even a canopy if it gets too hot) with amazing views of the mountains in the distance and the promenade,beach and sea just a few yards to the front so very relaxing
there are lots of cafes, bars, restaurants and shops on the doorstep to suit every taste and every pocket we can definitely recommend this apartment as we will most definitely be coming back soon
25 Sep 2011
"Excellent location and accommodation"
This advert is created and maintained by the advertiser; we can only publish adverts in good faith as we don't own, manage or inspect any of the properties. We advise you to familiarise yourself with our terms of use.
You're booking with
Simon Bussell and M.
- 4 Years listed
95% Response rate
Calendar last updated:22 Apr 2015
Based in United Kingdom
- Spanish
- Landline
- +44 78996 61523
- Mobile
- +44 78032 99249The person who can solve mathematical problems,can lead life easily ,Maths tellu that every problem as solution...we can find number of solutions for one problem ...Aplly it in the life also we can lead our life happily...swetha
maths is very interesting subject if u like it math also like u if u dont like maths dont like uAman Tiwari.The present application claims priority as a continuation to U.S. patent application Ser. No. 09/709,761, filed Nov. 10, 2000, now U.S. Pat. No. 6,693,897 which is incorporated by reference herein.
This invention relates to a system and method for a user to screen and control an incoming telephone call while the user is connected to a packet-switched data network such as the Internet.
Many Internet users today connect their computers to the Internet over their telephone lines. As more information and services are available over the World Wide Web on the Internet, users spend more time connected to the Internet and thus occupying their telephone lines. If an Internet user has only a single telephone line, callers trying to reach such a user can encounter a busy signal for extended periods of time. Available Call Waiting services that typically allow a subscriber to answer an incoming call from a second party while conversing with a first party cannot be used while a user is connected to an Internet call. The Internet connecting software requires that the call waiting service be temporarily deactivated. Thus, the user is unaware of the incoming call.
Some systems today allow a user to view information about an incoming call when the user is connected to the Internet. Such information, however, is often limited. Information about the incoming call is often unavailable because the caller is out of the user's area or the caller has disabled the identification function. To answer the call, the user must disconnect from the Internet, and the call may turn out to be unimportant relative to the user's Internet session. Or, the user may use an answering service to prompt the caller of the incoming call to leave a message. The user will be unable to review, however, the incoming message until some time after the Internet session is discontinued.
Thus, there is a need for a system that addresses the above-mentioned problems.
The present invention is defined by the following claims, and nothing in this section should be taken as a limitation on those claims. By way of introduction, the preferred embodiment described below includes a Call Alerting and Control System (CACS) that manages incoming calls from a calling party to an Internet user (“user”) while the user maintains a connection to the Internet.
CACS allows the user approximately real-time monitoring of information about an incoming call from a calling party. The information includes, for example, data about the calling party, and/or an opportunity for the user to listen to a calling party's response to an answering machine type message. In addition, CACS allows the user to listen to caller's voice before making further decisions about handling the call.
CACS operates within a communication environment. The communication environment includes a telephone network that receives incoming calls and determines whether the intended communication line is busy. If the telephone line of the user is busy, a Service Switching Point (SSP) included in the telephone network obtains instructions from the Service Control Point (SCP) for the incoming call. The SCP determines whether the user is connected to the Internet or the Internet-like packet-based data network. The SCP instructs the SSP to transfer the incoming call to a Gateway System if the user is connected to the Internet.
The CACS includes the Gateway System and a Client System. The Gateway System instructs the Client System to notify the user of the incoming call and prompts the user to choose a call handling option. For example, call handling options include the option of listening to the calling party who leaves a message while the user maintains a connection with the Internet. Thereafter, CACS manages the incoming call in accordance with a user-selected call handling option or with a preset default option after timeout period elapses for the user to indicate a selected option.
Further aspects and advantages of the invention are discussed below in conjunction with the preferred embodiments.
FIG. 1 is a block diagram illustrating a Call Alerting and Control System (CACS) in a communication environment that handles calls to an Internet user, according to a preferred embodiment.
FIG. 2 is a high-level state diagram illustrating a Gateway System application used with a Gateway System of the CACS of FIG. 1, according to a preferred embodiment.
FIG. 3 is a high-level state diagram illustrating a Client System application used with a Client System of the CACS of FIG. 1, according to a preferred embodiment.
FIG. 4 illustrates an exemplary communication circuit including logically separate voice and data lines.
The following table aids the reader in determining the meaning of the several acronyms used to describe the embodiments:
CACS=Call Alerting and Control System.
CS=Client System.
DSL=Digital Subscriber Line.
GS=Gateway System.
IETF=Internet Engineering Task Force.
ISDN=Integrated Services Digital Network.
ISP=Internet Service Provider.
LIDB=Line Information Database.
PDA=Personal Digital Assistant.
RAS=Remote Access Server.
RTP=Real-time Transport Protocol.
SCP=Service Control Point.
SIP=Session Initiation Protocol.
SSP=Service Switching point.
SS7=Signaling System 7.
TCP/IP=Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol.
VoIP=Voice over Internet Protocol.
A Call Alerting and Control System (CACS) is provided in a communication environment that allows an Internet user (“user”) approximately real-time monitoring of information about an incoming call from a calling party while maintaining a connection to the Internet. The information includes, for example, data about the calling party, such as the calling party's name and telephone number, and an opportunity for the user to listen to a calling party's response to an answering machine-like messaging system while the user is still connected to the Internet. CACS also allows the user to reroute, treat or otherwise answer the incoming call by, at the user's choice, either maintaining or disconnecting the user's connection to the Internet.
For simplicity of description, the term Internet is sometimes used herein where the more general term of packet-switched data network could be otherwise used, but the invention is applicable to both systems. Moreover, the term telephone line is sometimes used herein, where the more general term of communication line could be otherwise used. The controlled telephone line can be a line shared by telephone and data network access services, or can be another telephone line, or other lines, physically or logically separate from that used by the data network access.
FIG. 1 illustrates a communication environment 100 including a CACS 101 that allows a user to monitor and manage in real time an incoming call from a calling party 102 while maintaining a connection with the Internet 104, or other packet-based data network. CACS 101 includes a Gateway System 106 that processes and controls incoming calls. The Gateway System 106 receives the incoming call from a telephone network 108 that forwards the incoming call to the Gateway System 106 when the user is connected to the Internet 104. The user connects to the Internet 104 via a computer 138 and user's telephone line 112. The CACS 101 also includes a Client System 110, for example, a Client System application 300 described in FIG. 3, that resides on user's computer 138.
The user connects to the Internet 104 via a remote access server (RAS) 114, also referred to as an Internet Service Provider (ISP). The telephone line 112 is used for the Internet access via a modem connection. When the user wants to access the Internet 104, the user's computer 138 dials for the RAS 114. A Service Switching Point (SSP) 116 included in the telephone network 108 routes the call from the computer 138 to the RAS 114 via the telephone line 112.
The Client System 110 that runs in the background after user's computer starts up, is activated when the user accesses the Internet 104. The Client System 110 registers with the registration service 122 included in the Gateway System 106 when the user begins an Internet session. The registration service 122 records that the user is connected to the Internet 104. The Client System deregisters, when possible, with the registration service 122 when the user disconnects from the Internet 104. Various mechanisms can be used to register or deregister the Client System 110 from the registration,service 122 including the user manually registering or deregistering upon initiation or termination of the Internet connection and/or automatic registration or deregistration by the Client System 110 upon signing-on or exiting the Internet. Other methods for deregistering the Client System 110 could also be used, such as the Gateway System 106 periodically polling the Client System 110 to determine if the Internet access has ended.
After the calling party 102 calls the user, if the telephone line 112 is busy, the SSP 116 queries a Service Control Point (SCP) 124 included with the telephone network 108 to determine how to handle the incoming call. The SCP 124 accesses registration information from the registration service 122 to determine if the Client System 110 is registered as being connected to the Internet 104. Based on the registration information the SCP 124 instructs the SSP 116 on how to process the incoming call. For example, if the user is not connected to the Internet, the SSP 116 can supply a busy signal to the calling party 102 or notify the user of the incoming call using a Call Waiting system as is known in the art.
Alternative to the Registration Service 122, the status of the user as connected to the Internet 104 may be relayed to, and hosted locally, by the SCP 124. Thereafter, when a call arrives the SCP 124 does not incur delay to query the Registration Service 122 in the Gateway System 106. When the user is disconnected from the Internet, the Registration Service 122 updates the status of the SCP 124.
If the registration information indicates that the user is connected to the Internet, the SCP 124 instructs the SSP 116 to route control signals of the incoming call via a signaling system network (SS7) 126 to a media gateway controller 130. The media gateway controller 130 dispatches calls coming into the Gateway System 106. A signaling gateway 132 connects between the media gateway controller 130 and the SS7 network 126 to convert SS7 protocol control signals to a protocol understood by the Gateway System 106, such as Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP), Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP), or other network protocol.
In addition to sending the control signals, the SSP 116 opens a voice path of the incoming call to the media gateway 128. Some interactions may take place between the Gateway System 106 and the caller 102 before the user is alerted. For example, the Gateway System 106 can prompt the calling party 102 to state his or her name if that can not be derived from the calling party number or if the calling party number is restricted in the incoming call signaling. Those skilled in the art will appreciate that the Gateway System 106, including the media gateway 128, the registration service 122, the media gateway controller 130, and the signaling gateway 132, can be implemented in a single physical system or as separate systems depending on the design criteria.
Those skilled in the art will appreciate that although the system of FIG. 1 illustrates an SCP 124, a SSP 116, and a telephone line 112 as being components of one type of telephone system 108, the CACS 101 may function in conjunction with other types of telephone systems. For example, by replacing the SCP 124, SSP 116, and telephone line 112 with a Home Location Register, a Mobile Switching Center, and a Radio connection, respectively, the telephone network can be a wireless network. Also, the user's telephone 140 can be a wireless telephone, and the computer 138 a portable computer of varying forms. While present radio connections may not provide the same voice quality and data network access of a present wired connection, advancing technologies could soon raise the bandwidth of the radio connection, and optimize the utilization of the radio connection.
FIG. 2 shows a state diagram illustrating an exemplary Gateway System application 200 included with the Gateway System 106 (FIG. 1) of the CACS 101 to handle incoming calls. The application 200 includes a program or process that can be implemented with software residing mostly in the Media Gateway Controller 130. The Gateway System application 200 remains in the null state 202 regarding to a specific user until the Gateway System 106 receives an incoming call for the calling party 102. As described above, the Gateway System 106 receives an incoming call when the communication line 112 of the Client System 110 is busy and the registration service 122 lists the user as being connected to the Internet 104.
At block 204, if the Gateway System application 200 determines that the incoming call from a calling party 102 includes a calling party identification, the Gateway System 106 queries a line information database (LIDB) 134 (FIG. 1) to acquire more calling party information, including the name and optionally the address of the calling party 102. The query ends when the calling party information is obtained or a null value is obtained. The null value may indicate the LIDB 134 does not contain calling party information for the calling party 102, or it is too slow to meet the timing of the query.
Those skilled in the art will appreciate that the LIDB 134 can produce the calling party information according to a given calling party's telephone number, unless that number is not associated with a telephone user, such as a street payphone. In that case, the Gateway System application 200 may at least derive from a Gateway System database the location information of the origin of the call, such as calling city and state. The LIDB 134 can be a remote system that connects with the Gateway System 106 via the signaling gateway 132 and the SS7 network 126. Alternatively, historical LIDB 134 query results can be cached in the Gateway System 106 for a certain period of time to improve the performance. While the Gateway System 106 obtains the calling party information, the Gateway System application 200 remains in an obtain-name state 206 until the query has ended.
Calling party information, whether received from the call signaling, obtained from LIDB 134, the Gateway System's 106 internal cache, or information recorded from the caller, is sent to the Client System 110 when the Client System 110 can receive the information. At block 208, the Client System 110 may be busy in an alerting state or a screening state, described below, for another call. While the Client System 110 is busy in the alerting state or the screening state, the Gateway System application 200 remains in the queuing state 210. The Gateway System 106 may play a general announcement to the calling party 102 to advice the calling party 102 of a waiting period in case of a queuing occurs that becomes noticeable to the calling party 102.
At block 212, when the Client System 110 becomes available, or at block 213 or 214, if the Client System 110 was available at the end of the query or if no query is possible, the media gateway controller 130 in the Gateway System 106 prompts the Client System 110 to alert the user of the incoming call 214. As part of the alerting process 214, the media gateway 128 can send, or stream, the collected spoken calling party name to the Client System 110 for play back, if applicable. The Client System 110 preferably initiates a popup window to display the calling party information. For example, in a Microsoft Windows environment, the Internet user can be notified of the incoming call with a popup window that displays the calling party information and may also sound a beep to alert the user. The calling party's voice, if applicable, can be played at the same time.
The popup window can also prompt the user to select a call handling option within a determined time. Call handling options include a selection to further screen the incoming call, to redirect the incoming call to a certain destination, to answer, the incoming call, or to otherwise treat the incoming call. If the user does not respond to the popup window within a determined time, the Gateway System automatically initiates a user-preset option, such as to route the incoming call to a voice messaging server 136 (FIG. 1) so that the calling party 102 can leave a message.
At block 216, if the user instructs the Gateway System 106 to treat the incoming call, the application 200 enters the treating state 218. In the treating state 218, the Gateway System 106 terminates the call with or without a voice announcement or a special audible tone played to the calling party 102. To better treat the incoming call, the user can preferably select the announcement to play from a list of available announcements displayed on the popup window. The selected announcement can be a caller specific announcement to be played to particular calling parties or a general announcement to be played to a group of, or all, calling parties. The user can record the announcements directly with the Gateway System 106 or with the Client System 110 to be later transferred to the Gateway System 106. When the incoming call is disconnected, the Gateway System application 200 returns to the null state 202 until the next call arrives.
At block 222, if the next incoming call includes no calling party identification and the Client System 110 is busy, the Gateway System application 200 queues the call and enters the queuing state 210 until the Client System 110 becomes available. In the queuing state 210, the Gateway System 106 can prompt the calling party to speak his or her name for recording.
At block 226, if the user decides to screen the incoming call, the media gateway 128 plays an announcement that prompts the calling party 102 to leave a message. The announcement is preferably a request for the calling party 102 to record a short message including the calling party's name and a brief description of the intended topic of conversation. During a screening state 228, the user can listen to the calling party's response via a packet-switched telephony protocol, for example, in the case of Internet, a Voice Over Internet Protocol (VoIP) such as Real-time Transport Protocol (RTP). The connection is preferably a one-way connection allowing the user to listen to the calling party but not the calling party to the user. The connection can optionally be changed to a two-way connection at a later stage of the incoming call. While various VoIP protocols can be selected, exemplary VoIPs include Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) specified by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and H.323 specified by the International Telecommunication Union ITU. The selected protocol converts a circuit-switched voice connection used by the telephone network 108 to a packet switched voice connection that the user can hear while maintaining a connection with the Internet.
At block 230, upon hearing the calling party's response to the announcement, the user can detach from the incoming call, for example, by choosing the detach call handling option from the popup window with an input device such as a keypad or a mouse of the Client System 110. If the user decides to detach from the incoming call, the Gateway System 106 preferably disconnects the VoIP connection between the Media Gateway 128 and the Client System 110. The Gateway System 106 continues to record the calling party's message for later review by the user and maintains the user's connection to the Internet. The recorded message along with calling party information and a timestamp can be transferred to user's messaging system, if desired and configured by the user. Thereafter the Gateway System application 200 remains in the null state regarding this user 202 until the Gateway System 106 receives the next incoming call for this user.
Alternatively, at block 232, the user can redirect the incoming call during screening the call at state 228, or redirect the incoming call after being alerted of the call during the alerting state 214. When the Gateway System 106 redirects the call, the Gateway System application 200 enters in the reroute caller state 234. Depending on the content of the calling party's information and/or message, the user may redirect the incoming call by forwarding the call to an alternate communication line, such as the telephone number of a colleague or a fax machine (not shown). An alternative destination for redirecting the incoming call is to send the incoming call to the voice messaging server 136 and disconnect the call from the user without disconnecting the user's Internet connection at block 220.
To prompt the calling party 102 to leave a message, the messaging server 136 plays a recorded announcement. Alternatively, the message can be left with the Gateway System 106. To better prompt the caller, the user can preferably select the announcement from a list of available announcements displayed on the popup window. The selected announcement can be a caller specific announcement to be played to particular calling parties or a general announcement to be played to some group of, or all, calling parties. The user can record the announcements directly with the Gateway System 106 or with the Client System 110 to be later transferred to the Gateway System 106.
At block 236, after redirecting the incoming call, the incoming call disconnects from calling party 102 and the Internet connection is maintained.
The user can also answer the incoming call. There are various ways to connect the user to the incoming call, including using the Gateway System 106 to connect the incoming call to the user via VoIP, or by first disconnecting the Internet connection and then connecting the call to user's telephone through the SSP 116 and the telephone line 112. If the incoming call is connected via VoIP, the incoming call includes circuit switched connections from the telephone network 108 to the Gateway System 106 and two-way packet switched connections from the Gateway System 106 to the Internet 104, to the RAS 114, to the SSP 116 and to the Client System 110.
Alternatively, if the user chooses to disconnect from the Internet and answer the incoming call using the user's telephone 140 (FIG. 1), the connection between the user and the calling party 102 can be an all circuit switched connection. After the user chooses to answer the call, the Gateway System 106 commands the Client System 110 to disconnect from the Internet and informs the SCP 124 that the user's communication line 112 is no longer busy. Thereafter, the Gateway System 106 routes back the call to the telephone network 108 and further back to the user's telephone line 112. Typically, an all circuit switched connection provides a better quality connection between the calling party 102 and the user than a system that includes VoIP packet switching.
In addition to the above, in a preferred embodiment the Gateway System 106 can also process an incoming call and automatically handle the incoming call upon receipt, before notifying the user. In a preferred embodiment, to process the incoming call, the Gateway System 106 determines whether a telephone number or other criteria about the incoming call is included in a user-defined list. User defined lists include a blacklist (e.g., undesired callers) and a white list (e.g., callers that may need immediate circuit-switched call connections) previously established by the user.
At block 238, if the Gateway System 106 determines that a telephone number of the incoming call is included in a treating portion of the blacklist, the Gateway System application enters the treating state 218 to automatically treat the call, for example, by disconnecting the call. Before disconnecting the call, the Gateway System 106 may or may not play a terminating announcement. At block 240, if the Gateway System 106 determines that the incoming call number is included in a reroute portion of the blacklist, the Gateway System 106 can automatically reroute the incoming call 234, for example, by routing the incoming call to an alternate destination, such as to the telephone number of a colleague, or a messaging server 136. The treating and rerouting operations may occur automatically, with or without the user being notified.
In addition, the user can establish a white list of incoming calls that should be directly connected to the user. When the Gateway System 106 determines that a call is a white list call, the Gateway System 106 commands the Client System 110 to disconnect from the Internet and informs the SCP 124 that the user's communication line 112 is no longer busy. Thereafter, the incoming call is routed to user via telephone network 108 and user's telephone line 112.
Alternatively, the calling party 102 can bypass the processing and screening processes described above and act as a white list caller, by entering a pass code obtained in advance from the user. The calling party 102 can enter the pass code, for example, by using the number pad on the calling party's telephone. If the Gateway System 106 receives the pass code, the Gateway System 106 can command the Client System 110 to disconnect from the Internet so that the incoming call can be placed. Alternatively, the VoIP can be used to connect the incoming call with the user via a two-way communication, for example, depending on the entered pass code. After the Gateway System 106 has processed the incoming call, if the call was not automatically treated 218, rerouted 234 or answered, the Gateway System 106 informs the Client System 110 of the incoming call as described herein.
To notify the user of the incoming call and provide to the user with an interface for screening and controlling the call, the Client System 110 includes a Client System application 300, a preferred embodiment of which is illustrated in FIG. 3. An initial state of the Client System application 300 includes an inactive state 302, and the Client System application 300 remains in the inactive state 302 until an event occurs, such as the event of the user connecting with the Internet 104. At block 304, after the user connects with the Internet 104, the Client System application 300 either automatically registers the Internet connection with the Gateway System 106, or the user manually registers with the Gateway System 106. Thereafter, the Client System application 300 remains idle 306 until the Client System application 300 receives a command from the Gateway System 106.
At block 308, when the Gateway System 106 commands the Client System application 300 to alert the user of an incoming call, the Client System application 300 notifies the user of the incoming call. For example, a popup window is displayed on the monitor of user's computer 138 that contains the Client System 110. The popup window alerts the user of the incoming call 310 and shows the user information about the incoming call, such as a name and telephone number associated with the incoming call, or in lieu of a name, the calling location such as a city name. Preferably, the Client System 110 displays whatever information the Gateway System 106 provides. Also, the Gateway System 106 may establish a one-way VoIP connection with the media gateway 128 to play back a spoken name by the caller and earlier recorded by the Gateway System 110. If no information about the incoming call is available, the popup window can notify the user of that situation. The popup window also displays incoming call handling options to the user, such as whether the user would like the call rerouted or otherwise treated, and a timeout indicator to indicate to the user the time in which the user can choose an option.
At block 312, if the user decides to further screen the incoming call, the Client System application 300 enters the screening state 314. In the screening state 314, the Client System application 300 initiates a one-way VoIP connection from the calling party 102 to the user. The Client System application 300 establishes the one-way VoIP connection via the Gateway System 106, and utilizes an audio system of the computer 138 that allows the user to listen to the calling party's message contemporaneous with the calling party 102 leaving the message. The Client System 110 displays the call handling options to the user while the user listens to the incoming call. The call handling options include allowing the user to reroute, answer or otherwise treat the incoming call, or to detach from the incoming call.
At block 316, whether the Client System application 300 is currently in the screening state 314 or the alerting state 310, the popup window preferably closes after the user chooses a call handling option to reroute, answer, treat, or detach from, the call. The popup window also closes after a timeout occurs, i.e., when the user has not chosen an option within a determined time period, which is regarded as detaching from the call. The popup window also closes after the Gateway System 106 sends an idle command to the Client System application 300 that indicates, for example, the calling party 102 has hung up. Thereafter, the Client System application 300 enters the idle state 306.
When the user enters a process to disconnect from the Internet, as controlled by the user or initiated by the Gateway System 300, the Client System application 300 preferably deregisters with the Gateway System 106, and enters the inactive state 302 until the next time the user connects with the Internet.
FIG. 4 illustrates another type of communication circuit 400 that supports multiple frequency bands and/or multiple digital channels. The communication circuit 400 supports separate logical voice line(s) 402 and a data line 404, such as in case of a digital subscriber line (DSL) or an integrated services digital network (ISDN) line. In accordance with the process described above, the data line 402 can provide screening and control for the voice line(s) 404. The communication circuit 400 connects between the SSP 116 and a frequency splitter or ISDN terminal 406 to provide for a separate logical data line to the computer 138 (FIG. 1) and a separate logical voice line to the user's telephone 140. Unlike the single-channel telephone line 112, a potential conflict may not exist between the usage of voice and data communication competing for the same telephone line 112. The user, however, may still want to screen and/or control separate voice line(s) 402 from the data line 404. Therefore, the above described system and method allow the user to specify, through the Client System 110, the voice line(s) 402 to be included in the screening and control.
The Client System 110 preferably reports a user specified configuration to the Gateway System 106 that then notifies the SCP 124 of the configuration for controlling the SSP 116. An unconditional forwarding service may be activated for the voice line(s) 402. Therefore, calls for the voice line(s) 402 can be forwarded to the Gateway System 106 and screening and control can be performed over the data line 404. Subsequently, if the user decides to answer the call over the voice line(s) 402, then the Gateway System 106, again working through SCP 124 and SSP 116, overrides the unconditional forwarding service of the voice line(s) 402, and reroutes the call to the user via the voice line 402.
As an alternative to overriding the unconditional call forwarding service, the unconditional forwarding service can be turned off for the voice line(s) 402 and the call rerouted to the user. Thereafter, the SCP 124 can queue up a transaction to turn the voice line(s) 402 back to unconditional forwarding. Otherwise, the Client System 110 can pop up a window reminding the user to re-configure the voice line(s) 402 to the screening and control status by unconditional forwarding. The remaining application logic for screening and controlling separate voice line(s) 402 follows the application logic described above for a shared telephone line. The aforementioned method for screening and control of a separate logical voice lines from a logical data line also applies to the situation where the user uses multiple physical circuits for simultaneous voice and data communications..
- $ 3.29
- $ 17.99 to $ 22.99
- $ 11.99Reg: $ 12.99
- $ 14.99
- $ 5.49 to $ 8.99
- $ 15.29 to $ 22.49Reg: $ 16.99 to $ 24.99
- $ 10.79Reg: $ 11.99
- $ 21.99Reg: $ 22.99
- $ 11.99
- $ 6.99 to $ 9.99
- $ 22.47
- $ 44.99Sparks Lyrics
Overview / Lyrics (see all) / Photos / Videos / News
correct
Saccharin and the War Lyrics
"Saccharin and the War" is track #9 on the album Sparks.
"Saccharin and the War" is track #9 on the album
- Chains Lyrics by Nick Jonas
- Anaconda Lyrics by Nicki Minaj
- Chasing The Sun Lyrics by Hilary Duff
- Wait On Me Lyrics by Rixton
- Stayin Out All Night Lyrics by Wiz Khalifa
- Touch My Body Lyrics by Sistar
- Unmissable Lyrics by Gorgon City
- All About That Bass Lyrics by Meghan Trainor
- Reflection Lyrics by Fifth Harmony
- Fireball Lyrics by PitbullIt’s All Good For One Night
Nice job by the Cavs in beating the Celtics on opening night.
Nine players saw action for at least 15 minutes, the Cavs overcame an 11-point deficit in the third quarter, Boobie Gibson got hot in the second half with 16 points, and they did it without starting guard Mo Williams and with Antawn Jamison only scoring four points.
Now it’s not going to be like this every night. The team will struggle and there will be games where that 11-point deficit turns into a 25-point deficit. But with Toronto, Sacramento, Philadelphia, Washington and New Jersey coming up on the schedule, the Cavs have time to find their rhythm.
But for one night at least, the winning Cavs were back and it was all good.
***
We generally don’t put much stock in conspiracy theories, and don’t buy the argument that local media members – at least the print ones – are trying to run coaches or players out of town.
Nor does any media member in the area have the power to do that – Peter Franklin was the last guy to have that kind of juice in this town.
But that doesn’t mean that media members don’t frame questions or selectively use quotes to build an article to fit their predetermined angle.
Take a look at this piece at Cleveland Frowns, especially the video. You’ll see what we mean.
***
Finally, check out this story at Waiting for Next Year about the Indians and the playoffs of the late ’90s. But be warned, you will be depressed.
We still firmly believe if the Indians had been willing to part with Jaret Wright in a trade for Pedro Martinez, or had been able to convince Curt Schilling to come here in ’97, the Tribe would have won World Series in ’97 & ’98 and would have had a great chance in ’99.All-party FDI meet finds accord elusive
Congress banks on SP, BSP and TMC to break Parliament logjam
An all-party meeting here on Monday failed to break the Parliament impasse over foreign direct investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail with Opposition MPs refusing to retract their demand for a debate along with voting in the House.
However, the Congress hopes to restore normalcy next week as three major parties have agreed to not insist on voting.
The ruling coalition is trying its best to avoid a discussion in the Lok Sabha under Rule 184 that entails voting, as it may open the floodgates and set a precedent for parliamentary scrutiny of executive decisions in future. But it is not averse to voting, if the situation demands.
“I have appealed to those who want a discussion under Rule 184 to reconsider their views. I will discuss the matter with the presiding officers of both Houses to see how Parliament gets to work. We will find a way out,” Parliamentary Affairs Minister Kamal Nath said.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC), which had failed to bring a no-confidence motion against the government on the FDI issue, agreed to leave it to the Speaker to decide the rule under which the discussions could be held.
The same stand has been taken by the Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), which provide outside support to the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government.
“About 300-350 MPs want a discussion on the FDI in retail issue, but they left it to the Speaker to decide under which rule it will be held. The Speaker may take a decision by Thursday-Friday,” Congress spokesperson Sandeep Dikshit said after the all-party meeting.
The Congress claimed the support of the DMK. But the southern party later sought a discussion on the issue among UPA partners.
The main Opposition BJP, however, refused to budge. Sushma Swaraj, Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha, declared that there would be no compromise on the BJP demand for a discussion and voting.
But the TMC may not back the BJP, for Sushma Swaraj’s party did not back Mamata Banerjee's move to introduce a no-confidence motion last week.
The BJP and CPM gave notices to the Speaker to hold discussions under Rule 184. The TMC is unlikely to support a CPM motion.
The SP is sure to play spoilsport if the Speaker allows the BJP motion on FDI. This was made evident by SP leader Ramgopal Yadav last week when he stated that the SP would not go with the BJP on this issue.
Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Monday before the all-party meeting.
The Congress has another weapon to tackle the BJP on Rule 184.
“In 2002, the National Democratic Alliance government did not allow a discussion on Gujarat riot, arguing it is a ‘law and order problem,’ which is a state subject, and Parliament is not the right forum to debate. So how can an executive decision be debated in Parliament now,” said a Congress leader.
He said a discussion on Balco disinvestment in 2001 was allowed because that decision was taken under Parliamentary legislation and was different from the present case.
Monday’s all-party meeting was attended by BJP leaders L K Advani and Sushma Swaraj, Rashtriya Janata Dal leader Lalu Prasad, TMC leader Sudeep Bandyopadhayay, DMK leader T R Baalu, Biju Janata Dal leader Arjun Charan Sethi, SP leader Ram Gopal Yadav and BSP leader Mayawati.The Germany international striker helped the Gunners finish in the top four once again in his first campaign at the Emirates since moving from Cologne last summer.
Podolski netted 11 times and also weighed in with 10 assists in 2012/13, putting him in the Premier League's top 10 performers in terms of goal contributions.."The Shakespeare Conference: SHK 8.0866. Thursday, 21 August 1997. From: Ken Adelman <This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.> Date: Wednesday, 20 Aug 97 16:24:51 UT Subject: RE: The Globe Theater Medallions I would appreciate information about medallions of each of the 36 plays which apparently are displayed in the door of the new Globe Theater. I have been told that the medallions are nicely done. If true, I'd like to receive the molds-or at least fine photos of them-so that we can use those images in new benches designed for the glorious Utah Shakespearean Festival in Cedar City. There, the site of our annual family pilgrimage for their first-rate productions and unbeatable seminars under the cedar trees, we plan to install a number of wooden benches with elaborate iron (or whatever) moldings on the backs, each bench having three or four ovals featuring Shakespeare characters. For those ovals we thought that the 36 medallions from the Globe would not only be beautiful but would also tie the Utah theaters to the Globe in an artistic, and transcendent, way. Information on the medallions should be sent directly to me at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. Many thanks for guidance anyone can offer. Best, Ken Adelman Arlington, VALetter combination: AEEGRZM
Find: words within the letters aeegrzm
Find words starting with aeegrzm, containing aeegrzm, ending with aeegrzm
Explore all combinations of letters
Some random words: aimed ceanothus feal tho ascariases hi iota
This is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder.
- Help and FAQ - Examples - Home
Privacy Policy - Share - © Copyright 2004-2015 Morewords.com - 0.333mSImage Unavailable
Color:
- Sorry, this item is not available in
- Image not available
- To view this video download Flash Player
Having to come up with twenty words is crap I can just say. This disk is very good if haven't herd of him or like me have not herd any thing new give it a shot.Published 24 months ago by wonder worm
I don't know why this isn't at the top of the charts. Better than most out there, I.e. Jack JohnsonPublished on September 18, 2012 by Jill M. Dornath
Have been buying his music ever since Jackrabbit Slim, decades ago. Good stuff. He should come to Europe more often, especially the Netherlands as sofar I haven't been able to see... Read morePublished on August 9, 2009 by Rudi
I'll admit to having forgotten about Mr. Forbert's talents for some years, but was reminded recently when he was interviewed on NPR. Read morePublished on June 17, 2009 by S. Grayson
I have been a Forbert fan since I first saw him live in 1979. Whenever possible, I still see him live, and he has never disappointed me. Read morePublished on June 5, 2009 by Amazon CustomerHey! Good Evening!
This evening's music features Chicago blues guitarist John Primer. Enjoy!
John Primer - Pay The Price
“The real hero is always a hero by mistake; he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else.”
-- Umberto Eco
News and Opinion
RIP Hugo Chavez (1954-2013)
Hugo Chávez Dead at 58; US Military Attache Expelled.”
Vaya con Dios, Hugo Chàvez, mi Amigo
Venezuelan President Chavez once asked me why the US elite wanted to kill him. My dear Hugo: It’s the oil. And it’s the Koch Brothers – and it’s the ketchup..”
Glenn Greenwald on Bradley Manning: Prosecutor Overreach Could Turn All Whistleblowing into Treason
We Are Bradley Manning.
Inside Story America - Bradley Manning: a whistleblowing hero?
Obama Offers to Cut Social Security, Medicare and Popular Programs (Again)
Move fulfills progressive predictions that deficit fear-mongering will pave the way for inevitable 'grand bargain'.
The Sequester Is President Obama's Fault.
Importing the War on Terror: Glenn Greenwald & Activist Trevor Timm on Domestic Drone Surveillance
US to purchase fleet of enhanced drones despite budget cutsThe Feds are continuing to militarize local police forces. You betcha, this is to protect you. Don't you feel more secure? Wanna bet that funding won't be cut for militarizing the police due to the sequester?
The sequester won’t stop the US Air Force from acquiring new extended-range drones for overseas operations, a recent report says. Experts speculate why the US is so keen on advancing the drone program, allegedly pushing it to the 2014 budget..
El Paso Police Get New Tanks from DHS
US “Stalling” Could Force Acceptance of Onerous TPP.”
Look at who has a seat at the table, with the public shut out and more than 600 corporate lobbyists...
The Singapore talks will extend through Mar. 13. Critics say civil society and other critical stakeholders have been systematically shut out of the negotiations, supplanted by corporate interests..
Swiss Overwhelmingly Vote For "Fat Cat Initiative" To Control Executive Pay.
Violent protests rage on in Egypt's Port Said
What it Means that Monsanto Holds the Patents on Life?
Third Maine Town Passes 'No Tar Sands' Resolution to Fight Pipeline.”
Japan worries about smog drifting in from China
A. ...
The toxic haze that blankets China has been blamed on emissions from coal burning in power stations but also on exhaust fumes from vehicles on the traffic-clogged streets of the world’s largest largest auto market.
Climate Change and Protecting Environment is a Social Justice Issue
Blog Posts of Interest
Here are diaries and selected blog posts of interest on DailyKos and other blogs.What's Happenin'
Capitalism and Inequality
The Manning Plea and the Government's Continued Agitprop
Billionaire Speculators' Greed Makes Life Hard For Renters and Would-Be Homebuyers
Mapping Out The Revolving Door Between Gov't And Big Business In Venn Diagrams
Why Are Walmart Billionaires Bankrolling Phony School "Reform" In LA?
Insisting transgender students be put at risk
Fracking the Energy Department
A Little Night Music
John Primer - I Held My Baby Last Night
John Primer - Hideaway
John Primer - Hoochie Coochie Man
John Primer - Somebody Have Mercy
John Primer - It Only Takes One Minute
John Primer - Red Hot Mama
Billy Branch & John Primer - Sugar Sweet
John Primer - Red House
John Primer - The Blues Had A Baby And They Named It Rock and Roll
John Primer - Canary Bird
John Primer - Double Trouble
John Primer - "Don't Ask Me No Questions"
Comment PreferencesAfter almost a two year hiatus, I've recently resubbed and have decided to play on my paladin. I've setup my UI with almost no hitches right up until I attempted to track the cooldown AND durations of my GoAK, potions, and Inquisition spells. I used to use TellMeWhen to do this, because back then, and as I've discovered up until now.. PowerAuras, WeakAuras, and several others are either extremely clunky or just a bit too absurd in terms of screen real estate and system add-on memory usage.
I like icons, and timers within these icons, especially since I've been playing an MMO that requires a DPS or a tank to pay very close attention to the iconic buffs or debuffs in almost all of the content.
Getting to the point, if anyone could take me step by step through the process of appropriately setting up TellMeWhen to show the durations of GoAK, Inquisition, and various potions correctly.. I'd be very grateful and you'd have put a stupid grin on my face for the rest of this expansion.Abstract
Background
Body image disturbance is a core feature of anorexia nervosa (AN). Attitudinal and cognitive biases as well as fundamental perceptual differences have been hypothesized to play a role in this disturbance.
Method
This study investigated body image dissatisfaction and distortion, haptic perception and perfectionism in 30 patients with AN and 31 age-matched healthy controls. Participants completed perceptual tasks and self-report measures.
Results
As predicted, participants with AN scored significantly higher on body dissatisfaction, perfectionism measures and had greater body distortion (as assessed by a body size estimation task). Cognitive–affective factors and perfectionism were highly correlated with body image distortion in AN. No significant differences were found between groups on the generic perception task.
Conclusions
Findings did not confirm the hypothesis of fundamental perceptual inefficiencies in body image disturbance in individuals with AN. Despite renewed interest in fundamental perceptual factors implicated in body image disturbance, these findings suggest that it continues to be important to focus treatment on cognitive affective biases versus fundamental perceptual inefficiencies.
Keywords:Anorexia nervosa; Eating disorder; Body image; Haptic perception; Perfectionism; Body dissatisfaction
Background
Body image disturbance is one of the diagnostic criteria [1] for Anorexia Nervosa (AN), and has been implicated in both the development [2,3] and maintenance [4] of eating disorders. Furthermore, body image disturbances often persist following recovery (e.g. [5]) and predict relapse [6]. Such disturbance can manifest as disturbance of percept (i.e. distortion) and concept (i.e. dissatisfaction).
A growing consensus exists that two types of body representation may be impaired in AN: the body schema and the body image (for reviews: [7,8]). The body schema is defined as a sensorimotor representation of the body in action – whether this action is actual, anticipated or imagined [9]. The body image, by contrast, consists of several components, subdivided into the perceptual (sensory perception) and the attitudinal (cognitive and affective factors). These body image representations are not used for action, though may influence and be influenced by the body schema.
Distortions in either the body schema or the body image could result in body size overestimation. Recent research in eating disorders has focused on attitudinal components of body image disturbance, with individuals with AN showing higher levels of body dissatisfaction than healthy controls ([10]; see [11] for a review). However, there has been a resurgence of interest in the role of perceptual disturbances of body representations. Benninghoven et al. [12] found increased body size overestimation in women with eating disorders, but no impairment of estimation of other women’s bodies, nor of male ideals of female body attractiveness, concluding that body distortion was confined to the processing of ‘self-referential’ information, rather than body image information in general. Further, there have been findings of sub-optimal visuo-spatial performance in individuals with AN, on subtests of the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale [13] and the Rey–Osterreith Complex Figure (ROCF; Meyers & [14]). In some, these difficulties persist after weight recovery (e.g. [15]). Visuo-spatial performance has also been shown to correlate with body size estimation in the general population using the Adjustable Light Beam Apparatus [16]. However, visual body image disturbance has also been found to result from distortions of memory rather than perception [17], supporting the role of attitudinal rather than perceptual influences on body image disturbance. Interoceptive awareness (bodily perception of physiological sensations) may also be impaired in AN (e.g. [18]).
Another form of bodily awareness, haptic perception (a form of tactile perception), is defined as the recognition of external stimuli, through the combination of somatosensory and proprioceptive perception [19]. Haptic perceptual impairment has been noted in individuals with AN, with inefficiencies in haptic set shifting tasks [20,21]. Childhood perfectionism is also associated with sub-optimal performance on neuropsychological measures of set-shifting (i.e. difficulties in responding effectively to rule changes) [20,22,23] and is a personality trait linked to an increased risk of developing an eating disorder [24].
Further haptic-perceptual impairment was noticed in somatosensory tasks [25] persisting across states of illness and recovery, suggesting that this may be a trait factor in the disorder. Grunwald et al. [26] also found impairment in performance on a bimanual somatosensory task, the Angle Paradigm Task, in adolescents with AN. The impaired performance was only significant on right-handed tasks, which Grunwald and colleagues related to a right parietal lobe dysfunction, using the direct access theory of perceptual processing [27]. Differential activation of the parietal cortex has been implicated in the presentation of AN (e.g. [28]) and is the area of the brain most consistently associated with the disorder in the functional neuroimaging literature [29].
The parietal lobe is also thought to be responsible for the integration of proprioceptive and visual information regarding one’s own body, with this integration forming the basis of the physical body representation (schema; [30]). Disorders of body image have been associated with both left and right parietal lobes, but little is known about the neural correlates of body image in AN, particularly with regard to laterality. Some have found differential activation in the left hemisphere [17,31], and others the right hemisphere (e.g. [32]). Neuroimaging studies investigating body dissatisfaction and distortion in AN have found links with parietal lobe function [31,33]. Indirect associations with parietal lobe dysfunction have been postulated in studies which found sub-optimal visual and tactile performance in AN [10,34], but no study, to our knowledge, has yet explored the interactions of haptic perception, body image dissatisfaction and distortion together in relation to perfectionism.
This study therefore first explored haptic perceptual task performance in individuals with a current diagnosis of AN as compared to age-matched controls; secondly, the attitudinal and perceptual aspects of body image disturbance, and their relative contribution to body image distortion in AN were investigated.
The following hypotheses were tested: 1) individuals with AN would make greater body size estimation (BSE) errors than healthy controls (HC); 2) individuals with AN would have greater body dissatisfaction than HC; 3) individuals with AN would perform worse than HC on a measure of haptic perception; 4) the AN group would score more highly on measures of perfectionism compared to HC individuals; and 5) correlations would exist between attitudes to body image, haptic perception, perfectionism and distorted body image in the AN group.
Method
Participants
Sixty-one adult females were recruited to the study. Thirty females with a clinical diagnosis of AN or EDNOS-AN were recruited from eating disorder services of hospitals in South London. Diagnosis was made by trained clinicians using a semi-structured interview schedule and DSM-IV criteria. Thirty-one age-matched females were recruited to the HC group. A screening questionnaire confirmed the absence of diagnosed eating disorders and other psychiatric disorders. Study volunteers with an intellectual disability, head injury or non-fluent English were excluded from the study.
Materials and procedure
Procedure
Participants were asked to read the information sheet, sign the consent form and complete the screening form. The study was approved by a National Health Service ethics committee. The self-report measures were completed followed by the perceptual tasks.
Self-Report/attitudinal measures
The Silhouettes Body Perception Scale[35] is an attitudinal measure of body image, using a scale of silhouettes increasing in size. Participants mark the silhouette that best corresponds with their current body shape, in their view, and the silhouette that matches how they would wish to look. To measure the level of body dissatisfaction, the score from item 2 ‘how you would wish to look’ is subtracted from the score from item 1 ‘your current body shape’. A score of 0 represents no body dissatisfaction, a positive number score represents a desire for a smaller body shape and a negative number score represents a desire for a larger body shape.
The scale has satisfactory test-retest reliability (r = .82) and convergent validity (r = .73) in multi-ethnic general populations, with acceptable discriminative power in differentiating between samples [35].
The Body Image Avoidance Questionnaire (BIAQ; [36]) is a nineteen-item self-report behavioural measure of body image, assessing behaviours associated with a negative body image, such as avoidance of situations that provoke concern about physical appearance. Participants respond on a scale of 0 (never) to 5 (always). In this study it was used as an additional measure of body dissatisfaction.
The BIAQ has proven psychometric properties in clinical and non-clinical populations [36] with good internal consistency (Cronbach’s alpha of .89), as well as showing modest associations with body size estimation tasks (r = .22, p < .01), strong associations with negative attitudes to weight and shape (r = .78, p < .0001). Furthermore, it distinguishes satisfactorily between clinical and non-clinical populations [36], as well as responding to change resulting from treatment of eating disorders.
The Eating Disorders Examination-Questionnaire (EDE-Q; [37]) is a self-report measure of eating disorder symptomatology. It consists of twenty-eight items, asking participants to mark to which degree they have engaged in each behaviour over the previous 28 days. The questionnaire predominantly consists of scale items of 0-6, with a higher score indicating a greater intensity or frequency. There are four subscales: Dietary Restraint, Eating Concern, Weight Concern, and Shape Concern. The Weight and Shape Concern subscales were used in this study as a measure of body image.
The EDE-Q’s internal consistency (Cronbach’s α = .78 - .93), temporal stability and test-retest reliability (r = .81- .94) have been established in assessing the core attitudinal features of eating disorders [38-40]. It has been validated as a screening tool to detect eating disorders in community samples [39] and in primary care [41].
The Frost Multi-dimensional Perfectionism Scale (FMPS; [42]) is a self-report, 35-item, multi-dimensional measure of perfectionist traits, which generates an overall perfectionism score. Scores for six subscales reflecting various domains of perfectionism can also be calculated: concern over mistakes, doubts about actions, personal standards, parental expectations, parental criticism and organization. The total perfectionism score is the sum of all subscales. Frost et al. [42,43] have reported good reliability of the subscales (Cronbach’s α = .77 to .93) and good concurrent validity with other perfectionism scales as well as good construct validity in relation to a variety of measures of psychopathology. Strong validity was also shown by Enns & Cox [44]. This measure is also widely reported in the eating disorder literature (e.g. [45]).
Perceptual measures
The Adjustable Light Beam Apparatus (ALBA; [46]) is an experimental task measuring an individual’s accuracy in estimating ones own body size. An overhead projector, with the apparatus attached, is placed at 1.5 metres from a blank wall. Participants adjust rods on the apparatus to beam rays of light on to the wall. Each beam of light is used to approximate the width of four body parts in turn (cheeks, waist, hips and thighs). A type of silhouette is created, the entirety of which can be adjusted if desired. Measurements of the width of the beam were taken from the wall, and secondary measurements of the width of the gap on the apparatus itself were also taken. This second measurement is converted to a full-scale measurement using the formula outlined in the original paper [46]. Actual measurements of the waist, hips and thighs were then taken using calipers. Cheek measurements were not taken, as this anchor point is used as a practice item, and was not found to correlate well with the other body sites, in the original study. The two sets of recordings were compared to provide a calculation of accuracy in BSE. The measure has shown good test-retest reliability in women, in terms of constancy of overestimation over time (over 1 week) and discriminant validity between size estimation and size dissatisfaction, as well as between size estimation and overall satisfaction with appearance.
The Angle Paradigm Task[26] is a sensorimotor perception task, measuring haptic perception. In this bimanual task, one metal rod is always placed at 90° and the other rod placed at another angle. Participants were blindfolded and adjusted the first metal bar, set at 90°, so that it was either parallel or mirror image to the second bar. There were four conditions in the task: adjusting the angle as a parallel with the right hand, and then with the left hand, and adjusting the angle as a mirror image with the right hand, and then with the left hand. For each condition there were five trials, with the metal bar set at 45°, 22°, 65°, 15° and 35°. Before each condition participants were given the opportunity to practice the task once with the blindfold on, but without any visual feedback. The outcome measure for the task was the difference between the angles of the set and adjusted bars. The mean of the total time taken to adjust each angle was used as an additional measure of perfectionism, as in the original paper. Left-handed individuals are excluded from this task, as the original study looked at only right-handed individuals. The task is intended to explore the theorised right parietal dysfunction in AN, and it is posited that a left-handed individual is not likely to experience the same demands on the right parietal cortex in this task as a right-handed individual.
The original authors were able to detect a significant difference between AN (n = 16) and HC groups (n = 16) on right-handed tasks with this measure [AN vs. HC (tright-parallel = 3.75, p < .0001); AN vs. HC (tright-mirror = 2.01, p = .04)].
Statistical analysis
All data were analysed using SPSS Statistics 20 software. Independent t-tests were used to compare the two groups on demographic characteristics and eating disorder symptomatology variables (EDE-Q v.4 and BMI in kg/m2). Cohen’s d (mean1 - mean2/pooled standard deviation) was calculated to provide a measure of effect size where appropriate, with effect sizes of ≤ 0.2 defined as small, ≥ 0.5 defined as medium and ≥ 0.8 defined as large.
Independent t-tests compared the AN and HC groups on their scores on the self-report and experimental measures of body image perception, haptic perception and perfectionism, to explore differences on these measures.
Correlational analyses were performed separately on the clinical and HC data to explore possible relationships between variables within each group, using Pearson’s Product Moment correlation coefficients (r), or Spearman’s rho where data were not normally distributed, and focusing on relationships between the ALBA as a measure of body image distortion, with the haptic perception tasks and with the attitudinal measures.
Alpha was set at p < 0.05. Corrections to address the family-wise error rate in multiple analyses were carried out using Hochberg’s correction, as a less conservative method than Bonferroni’s correction method [47].
Results
Participant characteristics
Three HC participants were excluded because of possible caseness due to low BMI or clinical scores on the EDE-Q. One HC and four AN participants were excluded from the angle paradigm task analysis owing to left-handedness. The final data analysis included 28 in the HC group and 30 in the AN group. For analyses including the Angle Paradigm task, there were 27 in the HC group and 26 in the AN group.
Demographic and clinical data
As expected, there was no significant difference between groups on age. Also as expected, the AN group had a significantly lower BMI than the HC group (t56 = 9.70, p <. 01), and scored significantly higher on the global scale of the EDE-Q (t56 = -10.53, p < .01).
Self-report measures: body dissatisfaction & attitudinal factors
Descriptive statistics for the self-report measures are shown in Table 1.
Body dissatisfaction
Using the Silhouette task, all individuals in the HC group either were satisfied with their perceived size (25%; 7/28), or desired a smaller figure (75%; 21/28). 40% (12/30) of individuals in the AN group expressed a desire for a larger figure. A further 10% (3/30) of individuals in the AN group were satisfied with their perceived body size, thus 50% (15/30) expressed a desire for a smaller figure. As well as these between-group differences in the direction of desired change, the overall disparity between perceived and desired silhouette, ignoring the direction of desired body shape change, was significantly different, with the AN group significantly more dissatisfied with their bodies (p = .02).
On the BIAQ, the AN group showed significantly greater body dissatisfaction through behavioural expression (t40.05 = -6.91, p < .01). A similar finding was reported on the weight and shape subscales of the EDE-Q, with the AN group showing significantly greater Shape concern (t56 = -9.19, p < .01) and Weight concern (t47.18 = -7.84, p < .01).
Perfectionism
On the FMPS, the AN group scored significantly higher on the overall score, as expected (t49.19 = -7.78, p < .01). Analyses of subscales were not carried out, owing to lack of power. The perfectionism score was positively correlated with the exploration time on the Angle Paradigm Task, in the AN group only (r = .39, p = .03), meaning that the higher the perfectionism score, the longer the time taken to complete the task.
Perceptual measures: haptic perception and body distortion
Descriptive statistics and pairwise comparisons for the experimental (perceptual) measures are shown in Table 2.
BSE: body distortion
On the BSE task, using the Adjustable Light Beam Apparatus, two levels of analysis were undertaken, first looking at estimation accuracy without direction (pure accuracy), and secondly with direction (over or under-estimation). When the data were analysed without the direction of inaccuracy, the AN group overestimated their bodies more than the HC group overall, at waist, thighs and hips. The differences remained when the data were analysed with the direction of inaccuracy.
Perceptual measures: haptic perception
Differences between groups on the Angle Paradigm task were explored using Independent samples t tests. No significant group differences were found on any conditions of the task. Group differences were found on total exploration time taken to complete the tasks, however, with the AN group taking significantly longer than the HC group (t30.05 = 4.84, p < .01).
Further analysis of the AN group was carried out to determine if severity of illness (as indicated by BMI and EDE-Q global score) was associated with performance on the Angle Paradigm task. No significant correlations were found between EDE-Q and haptic task performance. No significant correlations between BMI and Angle Paradigm tasks were found after Hochberg’s step up corrections for multiple testing. However, prior to correcting, a trend was found towards associations between the left-hand tasks and BMI, which might warrant further investigation in future studies.
Exploring relationships with BSE
To investigate the relationship of perceptual versus attitudinal factors with BSE accuracy in AN, correlations between the variables in these two broad domains with BSE accuracy (with direction) were performed, using Pearson’s correlation coefficients for normally distributed variables and Spearman’s correlation coefficients for variables with skewed distributions. As multiple analyses were conducted, Hochberg’s step-up adjustment for significance was used within each domain (attitudinal or perceptual).
A diagrammatic representation of the significant relationships of variables to body distortion (BSE, with direction of inaccuracy) in the AN group is displayed in Figure 1.
Figure 1. Relationship between attidunal and perceptual factors with BSE in the AN group using
Perason’s correlation coefficients (r). Thickness of thw line indicates strength of the relationship. Significance level
set at p= .05. (BSE= Body Size Estimation; AN= Anorecia Nervosa; FMPS= Frost Multidimensional
Perfectionism Scale; BLAQ= Body Image Avidance Questionaire; EDE-Q W= Eating Disorders
Examination, Weight Concern Subscale; EDE-Q S= Eating Disorders Examination Shape
Concern Subscale).
None of the other perceptual measures was significantly correlated with performance on the BSE task, whereas all the attitudinal measures significantly correlated with BSE.
A strong relationship was found between body dissatisfaction (with direction) and body distortion – the smaller the desired body shape, the greater the overestimation of body size. The score on the shape subscale of the EDE-Q was significantly related to the degree of overestimation – the higher the shape concern, the greater the overestimation. Scores on the BIAQ and FMPS were also significantly related to BSE – as the degree of body image avoidance increases, so does the degree of overestimation. Similarly, as the rating of perfectionist traits increases, so does the degree of overestimation.
Original and adjusted p values, using Hochberg’s step-up method are presented in Table 3.
Discussion
As expected, individuals with AN demonstrated higher levels of body image distortion as indicated by higher BSE errors on the Light Beam Apparatus, which confirms our hypothesis that AN individuals would overestimate their body size more than healthy controls. Additionally the AN group showed higher levels of body dissatisfaction than the HC group, through a number of self report measures, supporting previous findings [10].
Contrary to our hypothesis, previously reported haptic perception impairments in AN were not supported by our findings, with no significant difference between the AN and HC groups.
This difference may be accounted for by the increased time taken by the AN group to complete the task, which increased accuracy. This contrasts with Grunwald et al. [26] finding, where the groups took an equal amount of time. The AN group in this study were more inaccurate on the task than in Grunwald et al. [26] study, but the HC group were also more inaccurate, comparable with the AN group. This may point to a more impulsive and therefore inaccurate style within the HC group.
In accordance with our hypothesis the AN group reported significantly higher levels of perfectionism compared to controls.
In addition, associations between body image dissatisfaction, perfectionism, haptic perception and body image distortion were explored. There was no evidence to support a relationship between the haptic perception tasks and the body size estimation task, thus failing to support the hypothesis that fundamental haptic perception ability affects body distortion in AN. However, all the attitudinal, self-report measures were significantly correlated with body image distortion. Body dissatisfaction showed the strongest negative relationship – the smaller the desired silhouette than the actual, the greater the overestimation of body size, which supports Cash and Deagle’s [48] proposal that body overestimation may contribute to body dissatisfaction, though we can make no claims as to the direction of the relationship between the two. This links the concepts of dissatisfaction and distortion in individuals with AN, despite proposed separate neural correlates of each [49].
Overall, the positive relationships between body dissatisfaction and perfectionism with body size estimation in the AN group would suggest that attitudes (cognitions and affect) and behaviours are significantly related to body image distortion in AN.
The findings suggest that attitudinal factors and perfectionism are related to body distortion, but that there is no significant relationship between body distortion and haptic perceptual performance, at least as measured on a ‘neutral’ task involving haptic perception. This suggests that there are no fundamental haptic perceptual problems underlying body image disturbances in AN, but does not negate findings of sub-optimal visual perceptual performance in AN. Nor does it negate findings of parietal lobe dysfunction in AN (e.g. [29]), related to body image issues, which may involve difficulties in integrating sensory information from different modalities, rather than separate deficits in perception per se, as suggested by Case et al. [34] in their investigation of performance on the size-weight illusion task. In this context, it may be that haptic perception in individuals with AN is intact, at the fundamental level, but is overridden by an increased sensitivity to visual input, as seen in the rubber hand illusion [50], which then leads to a visual distortion of body image, and a lack of attention to proprioceptive or interoceptive information. Equally, it may be that body dissatisfaction impacts on the visual mental image of the body, which then also affects tactile perception when related to one’s own body, as suggested by Keizer et al. [10]. It will be of interest to use such “body-related” measures in future research to determine if a more salient focus does have an effect.
The strengths of this study are that, compared to previous work in the field, the two components of body image were measured separately, rather than treating them as a unitary concept. Confounding body dissatisfaction and body distortion has been argued to be a reason for mixed findings in the literature [49]. The haptic perception task provided a ‘neutral’ measure of fundamental somatosensory perception, divorced as far as possible from body attitudes. The BSE task, whilst not free from attitudinal biases, was intended to give as clear a picture of body image distortion as possible, including re-evaluation of the completed gestalt silhouette, and avoiding the use of distressing images of the individual. Coupled with self-report measures, this was intended to give as rounded a picture of body image disturbance as possible.
Some limitations must be considered. Firstly, the AN group spent significantly longer on the haptic perception task compared to the HC group, which may have allowed them to be more accurate than they would have been if there was a time limit imposed. Secondly, analyses of the angle paradigm task were found to be underpowered (post hoc analysis) which may explain non-significant findings.
Future research should replicate the Angle Paradigm Task performance in AN (and its subtypes) compared to HC with greater numbers as this study may have been underpowered in this domain. Given that the AN group took longer to complete this task, a time limit would be useful to determine any impact on accuracy. The use of both uni- and bi-manual tasks would assist in identifying performance related to sensory integration, and to haptic perception. A battery of haptic tasks with and without visual feedback would also clarify the picture of sensory processing in the disorder, as would comparison of ‘body-neutral’ tasks, with ‘own-body focused’ paradigms, likely to activate different bodily representations. Further exploration of the role of perfectionism in body image disturbance is warranted, and whether this relates to a subgroup of individuals with obsessive-compulsive traits. It will be useful to relate this to the specific perfectionism dimensions linked to eating disorder symptomatology, and then to body dissatisfaction and distortion in particular.
Clinically, this study highlights the role of cognitive behavioural interventions in modifying beliefs relating to body image and the use of exposure (behavioural tasks, mirror exposure) in addressing body size distortion (see [51-53]). Additionally, given the high levels of perfectionism and its association with body distortion, techniques which focus on acceptance (e.g. mindfulness; [54]) or on adapting CBT for clinical perfectionism [55] with specific reference to body image may be beneficial.
Conclusion
Findings did not confirm the presence of fundamental haptic perceptual impairments in body image distortion in individuals with AN. Future work should explore whether or not previous findings in the literature demonstrating sub-optimal visual perceptual performance in AN could contribute to body image distortion. The findings did confirm the strong relationship between body image disturbance and cognitive-affective factors. This highlights the importance of continuing to focus on treatment interventions that target cognitive-affective biases and high levels of perfectionism as opposed to correcting underlying fundamental perceptual inefficiencies.
Competing interests
The authors declare that they have no competing interest.
Authors’ contributions
AW - Conceived and designed the protocol, conducted experiments, analysed the results, drafted the paper. RL - Conducted the experiments, took part in analysis, revision of the paper. VM – co supervised the project, participated in planning the study and revised the paper. KT – principal investigator, planned the study protocol, helped with the participant recruitment, supervised the project, edited drafts, submitted the paper. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
Acknowledgments
Dr. Kate Tchanturia would like to acknowledge funding from the NIHR Biomedical Research Centre for Mental Health at South London and Maudsley NHS Foundation Trust and Institute of Psychiatry, King’s College London and the Swiss Anorexia foundation for their support.
References
American Psychiatric Association: Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders. 4th edition. Washington, DC: American Psychiatric Association; 2000.
Stice E, Shaw H: Role of body dissatisfaction in the onset and maintenance of bulimic pathology: a synthesis of research findings.
J Psychosom Res 2002, 53:985-993. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Striegel-Moore R, Bulik C: Risk factors for eating disorders.
Am Psychol 2007, 62(3):181-198. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Farrell C, Lee M, Shafran R: Assessment of body size estimation: a review.
Eur Eat Disord Rev 2005, 13(2):75-88. Publisher Full Text
Bachner-Melman R, Zohar AH, Ebstein RP: An examination of cognitive versus behavioral components of recovery from anorexia nervosa.
J Nerv Ment Dis 2006, 194(9):697-703. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Keel PK, Dorer DJ, Franko DL, Jackson SC, Herzog DB: Postremission predictors of relapse in women with eating disorders’.
Am J Psychiatry 2005, 162(12):2263-2268. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Berlucchi G, Aglioti S: The body in the brain revisited.
Exp Brain Res 2010, 200(1):25-35. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
de Vignemont F: Body schema and body image—Pros and cons.
Neuropsychologia 2010, 48(3):669-680. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Schwoebel J, Coslett HB: Evidence for multiple, distinct representations of the human body.
J Cogn Neurosci 2005, 17(4):543-553. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Keizer A, Smeets MAM, Dijkerman HC, van den Hout M, Klugkist I, van Elburg A, Postma A: Tactile body image disturbance in anorexia nervosa.
Psychiatry Res 2011, 190(1):115-120. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Skrzypek S, Wehmeier PM, Remschmidt H: Body image assessment using body size estimation in recent studies on anorexia nervosa. A brief review.
Eur Child Adolesc Psychiatry 2001, 10:215-221. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text(1):51-59. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Wechsler D: Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale - Revised manual. San Antonio, TX: The Psychological Corporation; 1981.
Meyers K: Rey Complex Figure and Recognition Trial: Professional manual. Odessa, FL: Psychological Assessment Resources; 1995.
Kingston K, Szmukler G, Andrewes D, Tress B, Desmond P: Neuropsychological and structural brain changes in anorexia nervosa before and after refeeding.
Psychol Med 1996, 26(1):15-28. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Thompson JK, Spana RE: Visuospatial ability, accuracy of size estimation, and bulimic disturbance in a non eating-disordered college sample: a neuropsychological analysis.
Percept Mot Skills 1991, 73(1):335-338. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Smeets MAM, Kosslyn SM: Hemispheric differences in body image in anorexia nervosa.
Int J Eat Disord 2001, 29(4):409-416. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Pollatos O, Kurz A, Albrecht J, Schreder T, Kleeman AM, Schopf V, Kopiet V, Weismann R, Schandry R: Reduced perception of bodily signals in anorexia nervosa.
Eat Behav 2008, 9:381-338. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Lederman SJ, Klatzky RL: Haptic perception: a tutorial.
Atten Percept Psychophys 2009, 71(7):1439-1459. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Roberts ME, Tchanturia K, Stahl D, Southgate L, Treasure J: A systematic review and meta-analysis of set shifting ability in eating disorders.
Psychol Med 2007, 37:1075-1084. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Tchanturia K, Morris RG, Anderluh MB, Collier DA, Nikolaou V, Treasure J: Set shifting in anorexia nervosa: an examination before and after weight gain, in full recovery and relationship to childhood and adult OCPD traits.
J Psychiatr Res 2004, 38(5):545-552. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Tchanturia K, Harrison A, Davies H, Roberts M, Oldershaw A, Nakazato M, Morris R, Schmidt U, Treasure J: Cognitive flexibility and clinical severity in eating disorders.
PLoS One 2011, 6(6):e20462. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | PubMed Central Full Text
Tchanturia K, Davies H, Harrison A, Roberts M, Nakazato M, Schmidt U, Treasure J, Morris R: Poor cognitive flexibility in eating disorders: examining the evidence using the Wisconsin card sorting task.. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Grunwald M, Ettrich C, Assmann B, Busse F, Krause W, Gertz H-J: Deficits in haptic perception and right parietal theta power changes in patients with anorexia nervosa before and after weight gain.
Int J Eat Disord 2001, 29:417-428. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Grunwald M, Ettrich C, Busse F, Assmann B, Dahne A, Gertz H-J: Angle paradigm: a new method to measure right parietal dysfunctions in anorexia nervosa.
Arch Clin Neuropsychol 2002, 17:485-496. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Springer SP, Deutsch G: Left Brain, Right Brain. New York: Freeman; 1993.
Boghi A, Sterpone S, Sales S, D’Agata F, Bradac GB, Zullo G, Munno D: In vivo evidence of global and focal brain alterations in anorexia nervosa.
Psychiatry Research-Neuroimaging 2011, 192(3):154-159. Publisher Full. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Shimada S, Hiraki K, Oda I: The parietal role in the sense of self-ownership with temporal discrepancy between visual and proprioceptive feedbacks.
NeuroImage 2005, 24(4):1225-1232. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | PubMed Central Full Text
Uher R, Murphy T, Friederich HC, Dalgleish T, Brammer MJ, Giampietro V, Phillips ML, Andrew CM, Ng VW, Williams SCR, Campbell IC, Treasure J: Functional neuroanatomy of body shape perception in healthy and eating-disordered women.
Biol Psychiatry 2005, 58(12):990-997. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Sachdev P, Mondraty N, Wen W, Gulliford K: Brains of anorexia nervosa patients process self-images differently from non-self-images. An fMRI study.
Neuropsychologia 2008, 46(8):2161-2168. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Case LK, Wilson RC, Ramachandran VS: Diminished size-weight illusion in anorexia nervosa: evidence for visuo-proprioceptive integration deficit.
Exp Brain Res 2012, 217:79-87. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Jaeger B, Ruggiero GM, Edlund B, Gomez-Perretta C, Lang F, Mohammadkhani P, Sahleen-Veasey C, Schomer H, Lamprecht F: Body dissatisfaction and its interrelations with other risk factors for bulimia nervosa in 12 countries.
Psychother Psychosom 2002, 71:54-61. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Rosen JC, Srebnik D, Saltzberg E, Wendt S: Development of a body image avoidance questionnaire.
J Consult Clin Psychol 1991, 3(1):32-37.
Fairburn CG, Beglin SJ: Assessment of eating disorders: interview or self-report questionnaire?
Assessment of eating disorders: Interview or self-report questionnaire? 1994, 16(4):363-370. PubMed Abstract
Luce KH, Crowther JH: The reliability of the eating disorder examination-self-report questionnaire version (EDE-Q).
Int J Eat Disord 1999, 25(3):349-351. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Mond JM, Hay PJ, Rodgers B, Owen C, Beumont PJV: Temporal stability of the eating disorder examination questionnaire.
International Journal of Eating Disorder 2004, 36(2):195-203. Publisher Full Text
Reas DL, Grilo CM, Masheb RM: Reliability of the eating disorder examination-questionnaire in patients with binge eating disorder.
Behav Res Ther 2006, 44(1):43-51. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Frost RO, Marten P, Lahart C: The dimensions of perfectionism.
Cogn Ther Res 1990, 14:449-468. Publisher Full Text
Frost RO, Heimberg RG, Holt CS, Mattia JI, Neubauer AL: A comparison of two measures of perfectionism.
Personal Individ Differ 1993, 14(1):119-126. Publisher Full Text
Enns MW, Cox BJ: The nature and assessment of perfectionism: A critical analysis. In Perfectionism: Theory, research, and treatment. Edited by Flett GL, Hewitt PL. Washington, DC: American Psychological Association; 2002:33-62.
Davies H, Liao T, Campbell I, Tchanturia K, 14: Multidimensional self reports as a measure of characteristics in people with eating disorders.
Weight and Eating Disorders 2009, 14(2):84-91.
Thompson JK, Spana RE: The adjustable light beam method for the assessment of size estimation accuracy: description, psychometric, and normative data.
Int J Eat Disord 1988, 7(4):521-526. Publisher Full Text
Benjamini Y, Hochberg Y: Controlling the false discovery rate: a practical and powerful approach to multiple testing.
Journal of the Royal Statistical Society. Series B (Methodological) 1995, 57(1):289-300.
Cash TF, Deagle EA: The nature and extent of body-image disturbance in anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa: a meta-analysis.
Int J Eat Disord 1997, 22:107-125. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Mohr HM, Zimmermann J, Roder C, Lenz C, Overbeck G, Grabhorn R: Separating two components of body image in anorexia nervosa using fMRI.
Psychol Med 2010, 40(9):1519-1529. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Eshkevari E, Rieger E, Longo MR, Haggard P, Treasure J: Increased plasticity of the bodily self in eating disorders.
Psychol Med 2012, 42(04):819-828. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Jarry JL, Cash TF: Cognitive-Behavioural Approaches to Body Image Change. In Body Image: A Handbook of Science, Practice and Prevention. New York: Guilford Press; 2011.
Key A, George CL, Beattie D, Stammers K, Lacey H, Waller G: Body image treatment within an inpatient program for anorexia nervosa: the role of mirror exposure in the desensitisation process.
Int J Eat Disord 2002, 31(2):185-190. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Waller G, Cordery H, Corstorphine E, Hinrichsen H, Lawson R, Mountford V, Russell K: Cognitive behaviour therapy for eating disorders: A comprehensive treatment guide. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press; 2007.
Stewart TM: Light on body image treatment: acceptance through mindfulness.
Behaviour Modificiation 2004, 28(6):783-811. Publisher Full Text
Riley C, Lee M, Cooper Z, Fairburn CG, Shafran R: A randomised controlled trial of cognitive-behaviour therapy for clinical perfectionism: a preliminary study.
Behav Res Ther 2007, 45(9):2221-2231. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text | PubMed Central Full TextPet Facts – Reptiles
Posted On: 10-28-2013
If you are a lover of animals scaly and slithery, or even if you’re not, you will find that reptiles are remarkable animals (as are all animals) with some incredible abilities to help them in the wild. Below are a few fun facts from America’s Family Pet Expo that show just how incredible they are.
- A frog will actually use its eyes to help swallow its food. Its eyeballs get pushed downward which squeezes the food inside its mouth down the back of its throat.
- Did you know that geckos lick their eyeballs? They do this because they do not have eyelids and this keeps their eyes from drying out!
- In the wild, a green iguana may leap from a tree into a river several stories below to escape predators. In the water, it can hold its breath for a half hour!
- A chameleon’s tongue is actually longer than its entire body!
- The shell of a turtle is made up of 60 different bones all connected together and offers protection from predators.
- In the wild, Bearded Dragons will often stand up on their hind legs to run from danger.
- With their native habitat being the desert, bearded dragons are able excrete ‘dry’ urine to conserve fluids.
- After shedding, leopard geckos actually eat their own skin so that potential predators aren’t alerted to their presence.FORT PLAIN - Volunteers were pouring into the village today to help with the cleanup from the devastating floodwaters that destroyed homes and businesses, displaced dozens of people and crippled the community.
Officials continued to search this morning for Ethel Healy, 87, who is missing after floodwaters uprooted her mobile home and washed it into the Mohawk River, authorities said. Authorities say the woman was in the mobile home just before rushing waters carried it away.
Emergency crews and volunteers this morning were removing debris and cleaning homes and streets. Because of heavy damage, some people still are unable to return to their homes, authorities said this morning.
The Daylight Donuts store at 19 River St. in Fort Plain remains partially collapsed this morning. The store is in a plaza surrounded by mud from the flooding. Save-A-Lot and the Family Dollar store also are in the plaza. Cleanup efforts throughout the village were ongoing this morning.The Leader-Herald/Levi Pascher
Meanwhile, flash flood warnings were posted for today along the Mohawk River.
The National Weather Service said showers and thunderstorms were moving into eastern New York and western New England today. Rain is expected to continue into Tuesday, with rainfall amounts of 1 to 3 inches in most places and up to 5 inches possible in some spots.
Rick Sager, deputy emergency management coordinator for Montgomery County, said this morning crews are prepared to deal with more rain. "You can't fight Mother Nature," he said.
He said the areas that received the most damage are Abbott and Reid streets.
Some of the foundations of houses in that area are crumbling and are unsafe for occupancy, he said.
Officials from the state Office of Fire Prevention and Control were checking the infrastructure of houses this morning, he said.
Sager said crews have been removing a lot of debris from the village, and much more remained this morning.
Sager didn't know how many people are displaced from the flooding, but he said 45 people from Abbott and Reid streets were still in a shelter today at the Harry Hoag Elementary School.
A Montgomery County Sheriff's Department boat was searching for Healy in the Mohawk River today, and state forest rangers were searching for her on foot, Sager said.
Nancy Ryan, pastor at Fort Plain Reformed Church, said volunteers cleaned out the basements of about 25 homes and businesses as of this morning.
She said about a hundred volunteers turned out to help Sunday, and she was expecting about 150 today.
She said people have been coming from all across the state.
"There are homes totally taken off the foundation" on Reid and Abbott streets, she said.
Water levels rose several feet on the Otsquago Creek and Mohawk River on Friday morning. Flooding from the Otsquago Creek caused much of the damage. Montgomery County was declared a disaster area by Gov. Andrew Cuomo.
Volunteer Chelsea Coch said this morning she has been working since Saturday making lunches and helping with cleanup on Main Street.
She said the Fort Plain Reformed Church has been handing out MREs, or meals ready to eat, and snacks for volunteers.
"[The flooding] is a very big hit for the village," Coch said.
Another volunteer, Lisa Trembley, said this morning the flooding has been "absolutely devastating."
She said residents can go to the village senior center to speak with representatives of Federal Emergency Management Agency. She also said Red Cross vehicles are going through the village offering assistance.
Methodist church in Fort Plain offering cleaning supplies.
Alan Griffith, pastor of United Methodist Church of Fort Plain, said volunteers at his church are helping with cleanup. He said volunteers need gloves, including medical gloves and food-service gloves.
Among the volunteers helping with cleanup efforts in the village this morning were about 10 people from the Brethren Disaster Ministries of Maryland.
The Red Cross said the shelter at the Harry Hoag school is expected to remain open until at least Tuesday. Residents who need Red Cross services may call 458-8111.
On Sunday, Red Cross workers distributed about 260 cleaning kids, about 1,100 individual items, about 300 comfort kits containing hygiene products, and nearly 3,000 snack items.
The Red Cross mobile kitchen remained in operation today at the Harry Hoag school.
8 East Fulton St. , Gloversville, NY 12078 | 518-725-8616
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyIf you call Steve Jobs the father of typography, you couldn’t actually be more right. Little did he know that the calligraphy classes he attended after dropping out of Reed College in Portland, Oregon, would change the way we use fonts on our computers, ten years after his completion of calligraphy lessons. You might have perhaps guessed it by now that I am referring to the Macintosh, the first ever PC to give font selection options to its users. Today, we have so many typefaces to choose from, both that come preinstalled with the OS and tens of thousands of others, which are being created on daily basis. If you’re a writer, artist or a graphics designer, then one tediousness you might have faced from time to time is managing your fonts (or typefaces, for that matter). There are ones that you don’t really need, and then those which you want to have in your possession. NexusFont is a typography application that can help you in that regard. The developer has advertised it as an application with simple and intuitive UI, and to be honest, we couldn’t agree more. It’s designed to let you easily manage and select all your fonts within a single hub. The program tells complete details for the selected font, and lets you install and uninstall fonts in its library. It’s a perfect package for people who spend a great deal of time in font selection, too.
Beauty connoisseurs may get easily attracted to the app’s enticing user-interface. When you launch the application, you’re presented with all the fonts that your system contains, under the Installed category to the left. There is a large selection of fonts to choose from, and it automatically scans and list down all the fonts that were ever installed in your system. You can also see the total number of fonts next to Installed (in my case, it is 512). From the screenshot below, you can see that it also shows total number of fonts in status bar along with their occupied space. From the toolbar, you can set font size and color, and apply bold, italic, underline and Anti-aliasing effects to the typefaces. Furthermore, write any sample text in the input field on toolbar, and it would be easier for you to find out how your text would look in each typeface. In addition, right-click any font and select uninstall from the context menu to remove it. Along with individual selection, you can batch select the fonts by holding shift key and clicking the fonts on your way. It enables you to make different groups for your fonts in the library and each group is displayed to the left. Should you have some font duplicates, press Ctrl+ D to scan for the duplicates in your fonts folders.
The application also lets you export fonts as image files. Select your fonts and press Shift + S (or click File > Export as Image on menubar), which will open up console window. Here, you can specify output resolution and enable Anti-Aliasing for the fonts before saving them.
It also lets you peek at the character map of each font. From your fonts’ right-click context menu, select Charmap option, which will open into a separate window. This displays the total number of characters contained in the selected font(s). You can also export the complete character map to a GIF, JPEG, PNG or BMP image file, or select and copy a character to use it in your own project.
In case you have some difficulty finding your system fonts folder, you can click Open System Fonts Folder from Tools menu to directly jump to the said folder. It is also helpful to quickly import downloaded font files to this folder.
NexusFont is simply one of the best looking font managers we have come across. Its alluring interface is quite easy to use and handsomely does the job its supposed to do. The application works on both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of Windows.Thomas Edison said, "There ain't no rules around here. We're trying to accomplish something!" How can you accomplish anything, discover anything, forge ahead, if there are rules holding you back?
Of course, when dealing with masses, such as when driving, flying, attending sporting events or other large venues, you need rules or you would have chaos. Rules are necessary to maintain order.
I think what Mr. Edison meant is that you cannot be afraid to take a chance because you might break a rule. What if Rosa Parks had "obeyed the rules" and sat in the back of the bus? What if our forefathers had not "broken the rules" and signed the Declaration of Independence? What if Picasso had painted by number?
Do you encourage yourself and those around you to think beyond the rules? Do you give your employees the power to make decisions about the line? Can they change a rule or two to see if it makes operations more efficient? Why not get them together to brainstorm about what they think can be done to improve the line, the company, the work environment or even the corporate image. Make the meeting fair game for whatever topic is on their minds. There aren't any rules. You are trying to improve the company.
Also, your employees are your greatest assets. Who knows your finishing lines better? Who knows the day-to-day operations of the company better? What better way to encourage teamwork? And it really doesn't cost much money. More time is involved than anything. Have the meeting during lunch and order in a few pizzas. Have it in the morning before work and order in a couple dozen donuts.
Several large and small finishing companies practice this empowering process. Larger companies tend to have a more formalized process, while smaller companies tend to just gather round the break table. No matter how formalized the process, the atmosphere in the shop should be one of openness and acceptance, where employees aren't afraid to present ideas no matter how farfetched they may seem.
Consider what Thomas Edison's rules may have been. This man had patents for things that people probably thought were quite useless at the time: an electric pen and paraffin paper, which ended up being used for wrapping candy. He was never discouraged. He is quoted as saying, "Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do, doesn't mean it is useless." No idea is useless; it probably just hasn't been expressed.Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist John Hanchette will be the featured speaker for the kickoff of the Behavioral and Social Sciences Seminar Series on Oct. 21 at the University of Pittsburgh at Bradford.
Hanchette will speak on "Media Discord: Crisis or Opportunity" at 7:30 p.m. in Rice Auditorium in Fisher Hall.
In addition to winning the Pulitzer Prize in 1980 for his part in a Gannett News Service investigative series, he was nominated for the prize eight other times.
Hanchette began his career at the Niagara Falls (N.Y.) Gazette in 1964. He left to work for The Buffalo Evening News, but returned to the Gazette (which was then a Gannett newspaper) in 1974 as managing editor.
Hanchette moved on with Gannett News Service, which named him Florida bureau chief in 1977 and a Washington correspondent in 1981. He became managing editor of the Gannett paper The Arkansas Gazette in 1988, before returning to Gannett News Service in 1992 as national correspondent. He retired from Gannett News Service in 2001 and currently teaches in the School of Journalism and Mass Communication at his alma mater, St. Bonaventure University in Allegany, N.Y.
The public is invited to attend. Refreshments will be served.
PO Box 188 , Warren, PA 16365 | 814-723-8200
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyHeadlining acts:
Violent Femmes, The Lemonheads, The Smithereens
Other opening acts: The Offspring, Possum Dixon, Material Issue, Dig, Eat, Deadeye Dick, Eve's Plum
None yet.
No stories yet.
New in the past month:
114 concerts
16 bands
40 members
38 stories
3 photos
There are currently hundreds of upcoming concerts listed on the site.Sales
Academy Ltd. has purchased a seven-acre tract for a new Academy Sports & Outdoors store in the Highlands Plaza shopping center at FM407 and Chinn Chapel Road in Flower Mound. Easley Waggoner Jr. of Venture Commercial, Lee Loftis of SRS Real Estate Partners and Frank Bullock brokered the sale with Ken and Scott Espensen of Espensen Commercial Realty.
Almass Investment Group LP has purchased a 64,000-square-foot property at 2423 S. Buckner Blvd. in Dallas. The former church on the site will be demolished to build a strip center. Rickey D. Callahan of Callahan Properties Commercial Real Estate Services negotiated the sale.
Investor Pueblo San Luis LLC of Dallas has purchased the 176-unit Casa Bella Apartments at 2970 Peavy Road in Dallas. Peter Hartnett of Hendricks-Berkadia brokered the sale.
Golden Chick restaurant has purchased the former day care center at 2253 S. Buckner Blvd. at Norvell Street in Dallas. The property will be updated and used for a Golden Chick restaurant. Rick Callahan of Callahan Properties Commercial Real Estate Services brokered the sale with James Cope of William Roth Co.
A private investor has purchased the Windemere, a 60-unit apartment property at 2003 Wesley Drive in Arlington. Deme Mekras, Nick Fluellen, Robert Denninger and Bard Hoover of Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services brokered the sale.
Leases
RX Logistics LLC signed a lease for 70,302 square feet at 2730 Edmonds Lane in Majestic Airport Center DFW in Coppell. John Fulton of Transwestern negotiated the lease with Al Sorrels of Majestic Realty.
FedEx Office and Print Services Inc. leased 22,132 square feet at 1025 S. Belt Line Road in Majestic Park West in Coppell. Jim Gissler of St. Ives Realty negotiated the lease with Al Sorrels of Majestic Realty.
Dollar Tree leased a 10,000-square-foot building at 4350 Little Road in Arlington. Clay Mote, Dave Carter and Christopher Gibbons of Venture Commercial negotiated the lease with Jim Weir of the Retail Connection.
Brixmor Property Group has leased 6,000 square feet to Dance Integrity at Highland Village Town Center in Highland Village. Chris Watts negotiated the lease with Scott Singleton of Brixmor.
Aqua Care USA LLC has leased 5,583 square feet of industrial space at 2797 Irving Blvd. in Dallas. Rickey D. Callahan of Callahan Properties Commercial Real Estate Services negotiated the lease with Glen Wiley of Wiley Bros. Management Corp..Keeping a gingerbread structure straight and even while drying usually involves strategically placed cans of soup. Propping up the sides with heavy objects works well for smaller pieces, but here we see another useful technique ... string. Bobby Flay was in a Food Network gingerbread throwdown, whipping up an edible Empire State Building complete with gelatin windows, melted Red Hot accents and brown tinted icing. The string technique worked just dandy. Follow the link to see the completed skyscraper.
Recent CommentsThanksgiving Event Planned for Displaced Families
So many families have been displaced by Hurricane Sandy and with Thanksgiving just around the corner (it’s only a week away! Ack!) one local resident wants those in need to have a chance to enjoy the holiday.
Stephanie Salardino has organized Thanksgathering, set for Wednesday, November 21 at 5 p.m. at the Point Pleasant Beach Elks Lodge (820 Arnold Ave.)
She has gotten support from local restaurants like Surf Taco, 709 Point Beach, Martell’s Tiki Bar, Spano’s, Hoffman’s Ice Cream, Bubbakoo’s Burritos, Longboard Grill and more.
Families in need can stop by any time after 5 p.m. with no reservations necessary. If you have questions, or you’d like to help out, you can call Stephanie at 908-420-8954.
It may not be a traditional Thanksgiving dinner, but aren’t the holidays more about the people you’re with anyway?Discover a selection of top forums bettas strike on the internet. Come to share your passion on forums bettas strike and meet other fans of bettas strike. Then, why don't you create your own forum of bettas strike ?
...
#strike, resistance
Drag0n And Commanderj54 strike back with their own server amazing!!!?!?
dragcom-craft, drag0n, commanderj54, #strike, back, with, their, server, amazing!!!?!?
Clan Durex ! ! ! !
counter, #strike, crew, durex, clanThe Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD Download Sails Away With 2.6GB of Memory
Posted by Thomas Whitehead
Dem HD Cels
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker HD arrives in October — and has been dated for 4th October in Europe — and gives a new generation a chance to experience the GameCube's main entry in the iconic series. For veterans of the game it'll bring HD visuals, new controls and some gameplay tweaks, of course, which may be enough to prompt some revisits.
With its arrival so close, Nintendo's Japanese website has evidently revealed the download size for that region's eShop version, which is likely to be pretty much the same in the West. If you go for the download option you'll only need to set aside a modest 2.6GB of space on your Wii U or external hard drive, which is certainly on the lower end of the scale for modern titles. Yet this is a HD re-release of a game two generations old, so even with an upscale the cel-shaded visuals are unlikely to be too demanding.
Other information included confirmation that the game will render in 1080p (we're not sure that was ever in doubt), the Pro Controller is supported and surround sound is an option, if that's your kind of thing.
With the download being undoubtedly modest in size, are you tempted to go the eShop route for this one?
[via nintendoeverything.com]
#1
Metalslime said:
I hope it looks better in movement cos so far I'm more excited to dust off the old GC version and give that a play instead.
#2
Kolma said:
they probably didn't need to update that much at all from the gamecube release other than resolution and new features.
It already looked ridiculously impressive on the gamecube
#3
Crouteru said:
I need to own the physical copy because I have a weakness for material things
#4
Otto-Soq said:
I prefer a box over download. I wish i have a Wii U the time this game is coming out.
#5
19Robb92 said:
Definitely getting this. I'm all for more than 1 whole GB of improved content (though it's probably mostly the new character models & graphical effects)!
#6
AMR said:
I have the GCN original but having spent some quality time with the HD build I will be picking this up day one. Trust me this title looks gorgeous in motion!
#7
DePapier said:
I'm getting the download, if it is at 50 like The Wonderful 101. But I WANT orchestral songs after my first new playthrough (since two are needed to get all the Tendo figurines).
I hope second playthrough unlocks the harder difficulty level and that it really means something à la Master Quest...
#8
MeWario said:
Day one for me
Can't wait!
#9
StarDust4Ever said:
Not bad considering the GameCube games were 1.4Gb in size.
#10
LavaTwilight said:
@StarDust
Sounds like a pretty decent upgrade then! It'll def be worth me purchasing this on day 1 but I may not because I have much more important things to spend my money on, namely visas and plane tickets...
Still... I may just yet...
#11
anders190 said:
Looking forward to this one a lot. Always regretted selling my golden edition of the Gamecube Wind Waker.
Not sure if I will get it through eShop or retail but I will have it on the release day.
#12
Samurai_Goroh said:
A Zelda game is something I like to display with pride on my shelves. Boxed edition all the way.
#13
MonocledMetroid said:
Apparently the original was 1.08 GB, so it's more than twice as big.
#14
ajcismo said:
I'm downloading it... waiting patiently for the day to do so and the sick day the following day to get the tv all to myself.
#15
Dyltheman said:
id go for downloading this one if it weren't for the whole thing with it being locked to one system.
#16
Doge said:
Dunno if i should buy box or download...
i download it... i download it not.... i download it... i download it not....
#17
IxnayontheCK said:
I'd go for the box just to look at the lovely art!
#18
booker_steve said:
Having sold the gamecube Wind Waker for £50, I see no reason why not to pick this up. Maybe wait until Christmas though as more pressing games start to appear in October..
#19
Shambo said:
My LoZ shelf might be crammed full, I still need that boxed version. Recently got the limited edition Spirit Tracks tin box, even though both I and my girlfriend already had seperate copies of the game. Got it pretty 'cheap' though, still brand new.
A collector's gotta collect.
@Not-Gansano When in doubt, get it boxed. You can still sell it, and publishers need to be reminded not everyone likes downloads. Also, boxes are always nice.
#20
snoox said:
I really don't know why this has taken soooooo long. I'll get it & am excited for it, but what I reeeeally want is the new Zelda before the Rapture or sumthin
#21
erv said:
Download it is then. Although, I must admit, I'll wait and see what the price is going to be like.
#22
Cloud-San-VII said:
Great, it releases on my birthday in Europe, and US STILL has nothing....
But, I would have gotten it as boxed over digital any day. Man, This means I should start replaying my original...
#23
TheAdrock said:
Download.
#24
aaronsullivan said:
@Kolma Textures were in desperate need to be redone in higher resolution as they often got "pixelated" even at the lower res of and I'm betting that's where most of the storage increase comes from. Any word on the music? New samples or anything?
#25
suburban_sensei said:
I am getting a Wii U in the next couple weeks, and this is on my radar, for sure. However, I missed out on Skyward Sword on the Wii and still want to play that game. For other hardcore Zelda fans, would you say Skyward Sword is worth waiting a bit longer for, since I would like to pick WW HD up first?
#26
element187 said:
"Other information included confirmation that the game will render in 1080p (we're not sure that was ever in doubt), the Pro Controller is supported and surround sound is an option, if that's your kind of thing."
1080p? Swell, but more importantly, is it 60fps ??? I prefer butter smooth animations over resolution, even if it means bumping the resolution down to 720p... Wonderful 101 feels soooooooooooooo cool because of its frame rate. I bet TW101 could run in 1080p on the Wii U, but the frame rate probably would take a massive hit.... Action, Driving/Racing, Shooters, Fighting games, Platformers benefit the most from 60fps.
#27
element187 said:
@Kolma This isn't a resoluttion bump like what Sony does with their "remakes"... They completely did ALOT of the assets, backgrounds and art. Dynamic lighting, self shadowing/shading.
I prefer Nintendo's version of a "remake" over just bumping up the resolution and calling it a day like another console company.
Otto-Soq: "I prefer a box over download. I wish i have a Wii U the time this game is coming out."
@Otto-Soq If only there was a way to buy a Wii U at a store, Nintendo is crazy not to sell these consoles at the store and online.
@MonocledMetroid Makes sense, the original was 480p, so a little more than double the resolution of the assets sounds about right.
@suburban_sensei I'd go with Wind Waker first while you wait for Skyward Sword to fall further in price... Right now its roughly $30 on Amazon for a used copy... another 6 to 12 months and it will be in the 20's ... I'm currently waiting on the price to come down on it as well.
I only dread that these things go rare on me and the used price kicks up to 40 or 50.
#28
aaronsullivan said:
@suburban_sensei
Depends on how long ago you played Wind Waker maybe. I'd play Skyward Sword first if you have a nice HD screen. Wouldn't want to get spoiled by Wind Waker first.
#29
adrenochrome said:
#30
Mytoemytoe said:
@suburban_sensei
No matter how long you wait the price ain't gonna go down, we're talking about Nintendo games here. But I was disappointed by SS and would play WW over it any day. Favorite part about the Wind Waker is the cool A button dodge and slash animations that Link could do against the big baddies.
#31
suburban_sensei said:
@mytoemytoe
Yeah, I know SS is still $55. The price isn't what worried me, I just was wondering if it was really that great, I know Twilight Princess was a bit of a let down for me. I will prob go with WW, since I always loved the art style, and it looks amazing in HD. Also, love your screen name, I miss playing Turtles in Time!
@element187
Yeah, I guess I don't really have to buy it new, as long as I can get one in decent shape. Yeah that is my problem with Nintendo, some stuff becomes rare over night it seems. Like I am interested in getting that Kirby 20th Anniversary Collection. It isn't top priority, but I am wondering if I should get it now while it's $27 on Amazon, before it becomes super rare and doubles in price.
#32
Ryno said:
Physical all the way, especially with Zelda.
#33
fanguy said:
i m glad this is coming out on the Wii u. it gives me the chance to get it this second time around.
#34
AdanVC said:
My first comment on Nintendo Life
. Well for me, I would definitely go for the physical version. This game desserves to be shown on the shelf with proud though, haha.
#35
MegaManEP3 said:.
#36
GrimSh said:
Man I'm really undecided on whether to get the DL version or the physical copy. While the small size definitely makes it an attractive DL title, having a box in hand just has that authentic feel to it... esp. for a Zelda title.
#37
FiveDigitLP said:
@suburban_sensei
I'd say it depends on what you're looking for. If you're looking for a brand new Zelda experience (who isn't?), then I strongly recommend picking up Skyward Sword. It's an excellent game and I really thought the combat can be quite fun (if you don't have a problem with motion controls). I personally thought Twilight Princess was a wonderful game, but I can see that some may have thought it was too similar to previous games (dunno if that was your problem). I think Skyward Sword, on the other hand, had a lot to distinguish it. There were some really unique boss fights, the motion controls were the first of its kind, and the story was really fascinating the way it pulls together a lot of the "legend" that comes from the other games. (This game is supposed to be the first chronologically, in case you're unaware.)
Likewise, as others have said, you might spoil yourself on the HD graphics if you start out with Wind Waker!
#38
FiveDigitLP said:
As for me, I'm definitely getting the PHYSICAL version of Wind Waker. I gotta have collectible copies of my Zelda games!
#39
Mytoemytoe said:
@suburban_sensei
I actually thought Twilight Princess was awesome. Best story of the recent bunch (WW, TP and SS), unique environments and obstacles (I loved the yeti's lair and the snow-boarding), unique weapons (sure, the razor top was useless outside of its temple, but who cares? It looked awesome).
Maybe you'll enjoy SS more than I did. There's a stamina meter that really changes the platforming in a good way, the sword combat is great if you have a room with a decent 8 feet of distance and a good spot for the sensor bar below/above the TV. Unfortunately, what sorta ruined it for me was the back-tracking and the compromised visuals on my HDTV. I'm sure it looks great on an SD tube monitor but we don't play on those anymore.
I actually started a giant thread on my thoughts about the game in the Wii U forum. You might want to wait until AFTER you play the game to check it out and see if you agree with some of my complaints. There's a lot to like about the game, too, though.
#40
azg said:.
#41
Quickman said:
The 2GB space is definitely tempting me to acquire WW via the eshop, bit ultimately it depends on if i see the physical disc anywhere online for a cheaper price...
#42
Jaydenn said:
SO hyped for this. I was late jumping onto the Nintendo home console bandwagon, so this'll be my first go at Wind Waker.
#43
Kriedler said:
I'm more concerned about the price being as modest as the download size. If I hear Reggie say "THINK OF THE VALUE" one more time as they charge full price for an old game....
#44
Ryo_Hazuki-san said:
not bad at all still buying the boxed copy and may keep it sealed for all eternity and download it
#45
Mytoemytoe said:
@Ryo_Hazuki-san I will wait for all of eternity for Shenmue 3!
#46
Ryo_Hazuki-san said:
@Mytoemytoe And so will i! hopefully HD releases of 1&2 happen soon on wii U
#47
Pachterkid said:
Thank GOD the Pro Controller is being supported. So that's Mario 3D World and now Zelda confirmed. All I need now is Tropical Freeze and I will be a happy gamer.
#48
Hetsumani said:
that's a little bit more than 1gb bigger than the original, which means, bigger textures more and better models and... that's it, in that space you can't include orchestrated music, improved sound effects or new dungeons.
Well, at least it's in HD, isn't it?
PS: Still gonna buy it.
#49
WaxxyOne said:
This will be a day 1 download for me. Wind Waker is a fantastic title, and hopefully will be made even better with the "streamlined collection quest" thing..... whatever that means.
#50
WaxxyOne said:
@Hetsumani While I'm not holding my breath on new dungeons, that post is..... spurious, at best. Assuming they stuck mainly to reused texture resources and enemies, a dungeon wouldn't require much memory at all. 3D geometry is (putting it simply) defined by a series of points in 3D space and their connections to each other. It's the textures, music and sounds that take up the majority of the space on disc.
I find it rather funny that you believe 1GB can fit better textures and models (not sure what you mean by "more models"... new character models, or just more rendered on screen at once? Because new characters would be more unlikely than new dungeons, and a more powerful rendering engine would not require any additional data, which is why Mario 64 can render better on an emulator despite using the same data as on the original cart), but there's just no way you could squeeze better music or sound effects in that space? Why not?
Again, you're probably right about what they're going to include. It's the reasoning you use in your post that I find rather humorous.
#51
TheLilK98 said:
I'm pumped personally, as I was too young to really play when the original came out.
#52
jkvasn said:
Hard copy for me. If something happens where I need to replace my Wii U, I'd like to be able to play the game I bought.
#53
Hetsumani said:
@WaxxyOne With new models I mean remakes of the ones used in the original. As anyone who has ever modeled in 3D would tell you, higher resolution models weight more than lower res ones. Textures are also quite heavy, even if they are cell shaded. If you take into account the amount of character and objects in this game it's very easy to see that if they upgraded them they would easily fill that one gb. As for better music, I mean orchestrated music, instead of Midi files, which, depending on the compression method they use, taking into account the amount of music there is and considering it has to be in, at least, 5.1 sourround, it can easily fill one extra gb on its own.
The new dungeon thing it's just a hope I still had.
Current statistics online
Queensland statistical information is found at the Australian Bureau of Statistics and other agencies such as:
Office of Economic and Statistical Research - demographic, economic and social data relating to the state of Queensland
The Health Statistics Centre - statistics on the health of Queenslanders and their use of health services
Queensland Studies Authority - data on enrolment and assessment outcomes provided by Queensland schools and the Queensland Tertiary Admissions Centre
Other statistics can be found with a search of the Queensland Government website
Print resources in the National Library
- select the Browse alphabetically tab
- choose subjects from the drop-down list
- Type your keywords in the search bar
Example: Queensland -- Statistics
- Queensland year book 1937 - 2001
- Demography, Queensland - also available online
Case Study
Information about Queensland
A researcher needs answers to 3 specific questions about Queensland:
- What is the total are of Qld in sq miles/ks
- What was the total population of Queensland in 1987
- What was the percentage of children in care in 1987
1. Information about the geography of Queensland is given in Queensland at a Glance from the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS). The total area is approximately 1.73 million square kilometres (668,497 square miles)
2. Population data is also available from the ABS in Australian Historical Population Statistics. Use the downloads tab to open the files, where you can find, in 'Population Age-Sex Structure' for Queensland, 1987:
- Males: 1344029
- Females: 1331078
- Total: 2675107
3. Information for 1987 are more likely to be available in print. The more recent publication, Child protection Australia is published by the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare. Catalogue searches for the Institute (going back through 'Former Title' and noting the name change of the Institute) show a 1987 publication, Children in care : Welstat National Data Collection
Statistics are published by state, and include several categories of care orders. Briefly, in 1987 the number of children under guardianship orders in Queensland were:
- Males: 1,974
- Females: 1,545
- Total: 3,519
Later statistics may be available from the following departments:
- Queensland Department of Communities; some later statistics are available online
- The Australian Institute of Family Studies; this website includes recent statistics on children in careMay 25, 2008
NORTHRIDGE, Calif. - Cal State Northridge (24-32, 8-16) saw it happen last Sunday: strange things happen on Senior Day. It the Matadors' turn this time around, and Ryan Pineda sent the seniors off to the tune of a walk off solo shot that lifted the Matadors to a 6-5 victory over UC Davis (34-22, 13-11).
Home runs book ended the win, as John Parham started things off with a solo blast in the first. Sunday was the first time since the third game of the season that two Matadors had homered in the same game.
After the score in the opening frame, freshman hurler Drew Muren surrendered three runs over the second and third innings, highlighted by a Ryan Royster homer in the third. The Ags stranded five runners between the two innings.
Muren found his groove through the middle innings, retiring nine straight before an error in the sixth ended the run.
The Northridge offense caught up to the pitching in the sixth, when a leadoff walk of John Parham came back to bite the Ags. Parham worked around on a sacrifice and error before scoring on a Drew Muren single.
In the seventh, a Chris Hannick two-run single put Northridge out in front 4-3, and a wild pitch that scored Parham made it 5-3.
Bryce Schoening got the Matadors into the eighth before handing off to Edwin Quirarte, who finished off the frame. Northridge was blanked in the eighth, and in the top of the ninth, a pair of Aggie runs set up the Matador dramatics.
With closer Justin Fitzgerald on the shelf after being used the previous two days, left-handed Aggie fireman Andy Suiter was the best option in the ninth. It didn't take long for Pineda to find a pitch he liked. The freshman turned the first pitch he saw around and pulled it deep over the left field wall, sending the Matadors to a walk-off victory. Pineda took his time circling the bags before being mobbed by his teammates at the plate.
The Matadors got their 24th win with the victory and moved to 8-16 in Big West play. They finish in a tie with Cal Poly for seventh in the Big West.
Meanwhile, the Northridge victory may have popped the bubble for UC Davis for regional play. The Aggies were still in the hunt for a NCAA regional berth but our now a bit of long shot after finishing sixth in the conference.Hi, I'm Elena. Nice to meet you!
I'm an expat in France living in lovely town - Besançon (most of the time)..
Want to know how to have cool adventures on a tight budget, what to do when you got lost in the jungles? Than you are in the right place! Grab your popcorn and enjoy reading!Key things you need to know aboutDr. Barrau:
Dr. Barrau's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Dr. Barrau's Specialties
- Internal Medicine
- View 1 specialty
Procedures Dr. Barrau Performs
- EKG (Electrocardiogram, ECG)
Conditions Dr. Barrau Treats
- Abdominal Pain
- Atopic Dermatitis (Eczema)
- See all 29 conditions
More About Dr. Barrau's Background
MoreGet the facts on Dr. Barraurau
Likelihood of recommending Dr. Barrau to family and friends is 2.8 out of 5 5 1 6
See More Survey Results
MoreDr. Barihealth Of South Florida
- Unihealth Of South Florida
- 1190 NW 95th St Ste 401
-u!
The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
Thank You
This confirms that we have received your survey about Dr. Barrau. Please note: it will take 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor's profile.
Thank You
Our records show that you have already confirmed your survey for Dr. Barrau. Please note: it takes 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor’s profile.Inn at Middletown - Connecticut HotelDiscover, the lovingly restored Inn at Middletown invites guests to enjoy colonial styled accommodations and contemporary services. The award winning Inn at Middletown welcomes guests with our dramatic marbled lobby and stunning two-story curved staircase. Guests will discover a memorable retreat at our luxury boutique hotel.
Convenient to Downtown MiddletownThe Inn at Middletown is centrally located in downtown Middletown, Connecticut. Guests will appreciate the hotel's close proximity to the restaurants, shops and entertainment on Main Street. Take a university tour of the Wesleyan University campus, situated only two blocks from the hotel. The nearby cities of Hartford and Cromwell are just a short drive away.
Meetings & Events SpaceFrom intimate gatherings to large group events, the Inn at Middletown is designed for special occasions. Our Main Street hotel offers 4,500 square feet of flexible meeting and event space as well as comprehensive planning services and catering by the Tavern at the Armory. Request more information.
Award Winning Services.Enjoy award winning guest services at the Inn at Middletown. Our charming boutique hotel offers classic New England hospitality and contemporary conveniences like complimentary wireless internet, heated indoor swimming pool and access to our fully-equipped fitness center.
Colonial Style Lodging.Discover a remarkably inviting retreat in charming Middletown, Connecticut. Enjoy classic New England accommodations with gorgeous views of the beautiful Connecticut River. Colonial style mahogany furniture, classic gold framed paintings, and beautifully upholstered chairs complete this unique hotel experience.
Middletown Romantic Weddings. Your wedding will be an affair to remember when you turn to our historic Middletown hotel for all your wedding planning needs. Our intimate New England styled ballrooms can easily accommodate large wedding ceremonies, receptions and special occasions.
Dining.Experience the charm and warmth at the welcoming Tavern at the Armory, our award wining on-site restaurant. Sample traditional American cuisine with a New England twist like the sumptuous New England clam chowder or tasty lobster tarragon salad. For late night appetizers and snacks, head to the lively Tavern Pub.
Peace Walk in honor of Martin Luther King Jr.
Participants pray during the fifth annual peace walk in honor of Martin Luther King Jr. January 17, 2010 in Washington, DC. Twenty-five community-based organizations gathered to march for jobs, social progress and civil rights while honoring the birth of American civil rights leader Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. who was assassinated on April 4, 1968. Photo by Brendan Smialowski/Getty ImagesENB - Region 1 Notices 3/28/2012
Negative Declaration
Suffolk County - The Huntington Town Board, as lead agency, has determined that the proposed Residences at Oheka Zone Change will not have a significant adverse environmental impact. The action involves the rezoning of the land of the Cold Spring Hills Country Club and some of the land of Oheka Castle to the R-OSC Residence-Open Space District. The purpose of the R-OSC zone is to allow development of large open space properties without losing the open space. The application proposes to accomplish this by transferring the development rights from the golf course and open lawn areas to a proposed 18.38 acre parcel in between the golf course clubhouse and the mansion. On this parcel, below the elevation of the mansion, would be built a single building containing a maximum of 190 residential condominium units. The density transfer would result in the permanent preservation of approximately 150 acres from future development. The golf course use will remain in the open space. The project is a Type I Action because Oheka Castle is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The Castle and its catering hall use will not be changed by this application. A traffic signal will be installed at the intersection of Jericho Turnpike (NYS 25) and East Gate Drive to handle the increased traffic flow projected for the development. The new residences, the golf course clubhouse, and Oheka Castle will all be connected to the Nassau County sewer system. The project is located at on the west side of East Gate Drive, north of Colonial Drive in West Hills, Town of Huntington, New York.
Contact: Craig Turner, Town of Huntington, 100 Main Street, Huntington, NY 11743, Phone: (631) 351-3196, E-mail: planning@huntingtonNY.gov
Suffolk County - The New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation (NYS OPRHP), as lead agency, has determined that the proposed Shared-Resource Public Safety and Wireless Telecommunications Facility will not have a significant adverse environmental impact. The action involves the construction of a shared resource telecommunications facility including the installation of a 100 foot monopole within an 80 foot x 80 foot fenced communications compound. Two equipment pads with communication cabinets will be located within the fenced compound. Space is also reserved within the compound for four future carriers, including New York State. Associated power and telecommunications appurtenances will be located within or just outside the proposed compound. This compound will be screened with landscaping. The facility is necessary to provide the appropriate infrastructure to meet current and future needs of the State and the wireless telecommunications providers that serve the State, other public agencies and emergency service providers and the general public. The project is located on the southeast corner of Sunken Meadow State Park, at the eastern edge of an existing parking area near a waste water treatment facility to the south of the Sunken Meadow State Park office in the Village of Lloyd Harbor, Town of Huntington, New York.
Contact: Thomas Lyons, NYS OPRHP, Agency Bldg. #1, Empire State Plaza, Albany, NY 12238, Phone: (518) 474-0409, Email: Thomas.Lyons@parks.ny.govI think my strategy (while very simple) will be the following:
Purge, purge and purge some more by continuing to micro examine things that I have. I plan to sell most of my extras, but I would also love to give some away too.
Never buy anything that is not an absolute necessity. I so often see something that I think is a good deal and just buy it ... it could be something small like a lip balm or similar, only to arrive home and realize that I have enough already.
...
That I have downsized quite a lot over the last year and a half! I was just looking at some of my old photos of makeup. I no longer have a traincase, but a smaller (much much smaller) makeup tote, I don't have all of the shampoos and toiletries that I used to have, and I have gotten rid of clothing I never wear. I tend to stockpile my favorites, so I actually have "backups" of some of my favorite styles of clothing.
I've gotten a lot better at saying "no" to
...A/N: I celebrate Chanukah and decided to do something fun for the holiday. Plus I've had all these little unrelated one shots running around in my head, and I figured this was the perfect way to get them out. There are going to be eight chapters (for the eight nights of Chanukah) unrelated one shots that revolve around Henry in someway told from different POVs. This first chapter is something that came to me after watching Tallahassee. I hope you enjoy it!
Disclaimer: I never have and never will own any of these characters.
She was sick again. It was supposed to be a two day trip from Portland to Tallahassee, but with the amount of time she had made Neal pull over it wasn't going to be that simple.
"Are you sure you're okay." Neal asked worriedly as he held her hair back.
"Yeah." Emma groaned and did a final spit for good measure.
Without a pause Neal handed her a water bottle, which she gratefully took. She took a sip to wash the awful taste out of her mouth and spit that out before taking a larger gulp to rehydrate.
"I think we should stop Emma." Neal suggested as he pushed a stray piece of hair behind Emma's ear trying to be desecrate about checking for a fever.
"No we need to keep going."
"You're sick Emma and I don't want you to get worse."
"No I'm fine honesty. I'm already feeling better." Emma gave Neal her best puppy dogface, the one she knew he couldn't resist.
"Fine, but I want you to sleep in the back."
She nodded her head yes in agreement. From the look on his face she knew he still wasn't convinced, but as long as they kept driving it was okay. They had managed to sell off the remaining watches which left them plenty of money to run away to Tallahassee and not have to worry about getting caught by the cops. It had taken some time to get new identities and of course make the car legit, but they were finally off to their new home in Tallahassee. Of course during all this planning they had not factored in Emma getting sick. Hopefully with some rest she would start to feel better.
Emma moved from her spot in the front and laid down in the back. She didn't want to worry Neal more, but she was exhausted. This sickness was taking a whole lot more out of her then she was letting on. She was actually relieved to be lying down in the back; it had more room than the front.
Neal pulled a blanket from the bottom of the car and laid it on top of Emma. He gave her a kiss on the forehead and a final worried look before getting back into the driver's seat. Once the car was in motion it didn't take long for Emma to fall asleep.
Emma had no idea how long she had been asleep, but she did feel better than before her nap. She sat up in the back seat and stretched out the kinks that came from sleeping in the car.
"Hey you're up, how are you feeling?" Neal said glancing back at her before turning to keep his eyes on the road; he did not want to get pulled over.
"Much better." Emma answered, Neal shot her a look. "Honestly I do. It must have been something I ate."
"If you say so."
"So where are we?" She asked wanting the change the subject.
"Somewhere in Nebraska."
"Nebraska? How long have I been asleep?"
"A long time, you must have needed it."
"I guess so, though I feel bad making you drive for so long. We were supposed to split it."
"It's okay, you needed rest."
"Alright, but after our next stop I am taking over, we can't have you falling asleep at the wheel."
"Deal. So do you think your stomach can handle some food?"
"I think it can, I can really go for a cheese burger right now."
"Should you be eating that after being sick?"
Emma shrugged, "I don't know, but I am really craving one right now."
"Well first place I see I'll pull over and get you a burger."
Emma leaned forward in her seat to kiss Neal on the cheek. While she was still tired, her nausea was completely gone. She could easily chalk the throwing up to something bad she ate or the nervous energy she had the past few days before the left Portland. She knew the plan wasn't going to fail, but there still had been a strange feeling in her stomach. Hopefully once the made it safely to Tallahassee, her stomach would be back to normal.
The rest of their ride was uneventful. Emma had to fight hard against the pull of sleep as Neal rested beside her. She couldn't figure out why she was so exhausted after she had slept for hours before. She didn't want to wake Neal up, so she fought through it. Or at least she did until she had no choice but to pull over and throw up again. Maybe that cheeseburger wasn't the best idea. Luckily Neal did not wake up, so she was able to keep it a secret.
When Neal did wake up a few hours later Emma gladly let him take over the driving and once again passed out. The next time she woke up they were in Tallahassee. She bounced in her seat excitedly as Neal drove through the city. For now they would continue to crash in the car, but tomorrow they would start looking for their own apartment. They weren't looking for anything big or lavish, just something they could call home. Their old lives of stealing were officially behind them and their future looked very bright.
The only thing that brought a damper on all their happiness was Emma's sickness. She continued to get sick and just felt off. Neal was worried and pushed her to see a doctor, but Emma insisted that it would pass. It was probably left over nervous energy that was making her sick, plus being in a car for so long would make anyone tired and achy.
It wasn't until Emma looked at the date on a calendar did she start to put the pieces together. Neal was at his new job leaving Emma alone in their apartment. She was looking at the calendar to see what day it was, when she realized something was wrong. She counted on her fingers to make sure her mind wasn't playing tricks on her. When she knew the math was right she stood there in shock unable to believe what she just realized. There was only one way to find out for sure though, after all it could still be stressed related.
Emma grabbed her purse and ran out the door. The local pharmacy was only a block away from their place so it didn't take her long to get there. Even though she wasn't supposed to steal anymore, this one item she couldn't bare to buy. Casually walking down the aisle she pushed it into her purse before moving along. To make up for stealing she bought herself some hot chocolate and milk.
With her purchases she ran back to the apartment, she wanted to find out the answer as soon as possible. She read over the instructions mostly to stall for time, before actually following them. Wanting to be sure of the answer Emma used both products that came with the box.
She sat and waited anxiously on the bed for the timer on her phone to go off. Maybe she should have waited for Neal to come home to do this, it would have made her feel a lot better. But at the same time she didn't want to worry him if it turned out to be nothing.
Finally Emma heard the beeping of her phone and she went to the dresser to learn her fate. She picked up the first stick and fell back onto the bed in shock as she looked down at the answer.
This was how Neal found her when he got home from work.
"Emma what's wrong?" He asked running over to her.
Emma finally looked up to look into his eyes. "I finally figured out why I've been so sick. So I ran to the pharmacy and stole… I just couldn't go through with buying it and I promise it will be the last thing I steal."
"Hey, it's okay Emma, just tell me what happened."
"So I came home and I followed the instructions, and…and…"
Not able to get the words out she handed over the test. Neal gave Emma a confused look as he took it, but his eyes widened when he realized what he was holding.
"Is this…?" He asked, Emma nodded her head yes. "Are you sure?"
Again she nodded her head, "I took two and both said the same thing, that I'm…I'm…"
"Pregnant."
That was when Emma lost it. Hearing the words from Neal's lips made it all real. She buried her face into her hands as the tears streamed down her face. Neal reacted quickly and pulled her into her arms.
"Hey it's going to be okay." He murmured.
"How can it be Neal?"
"Because we have enough money and a home to raise this baby in. Plus we love each other Emma, we can do this."
"You really think so?"
"I really do."
Neal leaned down to kiss Emma on the brow before getting up and crouching in front of her. He pushed up the fabric of her shirt leaving her stomach exposed.
"I love you too baby." He said into her stomach causing Emma to let out a laugh.
"You know he can't hear you."
"I don't care. I want this baby to know how loved he is." He gave her bare stomach a kiss before leaning up to kiss her properly on the lips. "I love you Emma Swan." He whispered touching his forehead to hers.
"I love you too." Emma replied back.
"Now come on I'll make you a cup of hot chocolate with that new box you bought." Neal held out his hand for Emma to take.
"With cinnamon?"
"Like I would dare give you anything less."
Emma took his hand and Neal helped her up from the bed. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and together they walked off into the kitchen.May 22, 2015
By .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) musical is based on the Paramount Pictures television series of the same name created by Garry Marshall, who has also written the book for the musical. Music and lyrics are by Paul Williams.
The production is directed and choreographed by Andrew Wright, Olivier Award nominee for Best Choreographer for Singin' in the Rain that transferred to the West End's Palace Theatre from Chichester Festival Theatre. His other recent choreographic credits include a Chichester revival of 42nd Street that also played at Leicester's Curve and a national tour of Wonderful Town.
Advertisement details,To view parent comment, click here.
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here..
Member since:
2007-02-17Comment on The Fair Maid of Perths House and see more William Topaz McGonagall poems below.
All ye good people, afar and near,
To my request pray lend an ear;
I advise you all without delay to go
And see the Fair Maid's House - it is a rare show.
Some of the chairs there are very grand,
They have been cut and carved by a skilful hand;
And kings, perchance, if fhe truth were told,
Have sat on them in days of old.
King James the First of Scotland was murdered there,
And his cries for mercy rent the air.
But the Highland robbers only laughed at him,
And murdered him in the dungeon and thought if no sin.
Then there's an ancient shrine upstairs,
Where the Monks and Saints said their prayers,
To the Holy Virgin, be it told;
And the house, it is said, is six hundred years old.
The old cruisie lamps are there to be seen,
Which let the monks see to write from their sheen,
Arld if the walls could speak, they could tell a fearful tale,
Which would make the people's cheeks turn pale.
Then there's an old claymore dug up from Culloden Moor,
Which in its time shed innocent blood, I am sure,
If not at Culloden Moor, some other place,
Which no doubt the truth of it history might trace.
The interior of the house is magnificent to be seen,
And the wood panelling, I'm sure, would please the Queen;
And the old fire-place, with its big fire,
Is all that visitors could desire.
Then there's a ring in a big stone near by the door,
Where gentlemen tethered their horses in days of yore;
And on the staircase door there's a firling pin
For making a rattling noise when anyone wanted in.
The mistress of the house is very kind,
A more affable woman would be herd to find;
And to visitors she is very good,
And well versed in history, be it understood.Phrag,
- Dennis F. Whigham
- … show all 4 hide
* Final gross prices may vary according to local VAT.Get Access.
Inside
Co-published with
Other actions
- Able, KW, Hagan, SM, Brown, SA (2003) Mechanisms of marsh habitat alteration due to Phragmites: response of young-of-the-year mummichog (Fundulus heteroclitus) to treatment for Phragmites removal. Estuaries and Coasts 26: pp. 484-494 CrossRef
- Amsberry, L, Baker, MA, Ewanchuk, PJ, Bertness, MD (2000) Clonal integration and the expansion of Phragmites australis. Ecological Applications 10: pp. 1110-1118 CrossRef
- Bart, D, Hartman, JM (2000) Environmental determinants of Phragmites australis expansion in a New Jersey salt marsh: an experimental approach. Oikos 89: pp. 59-69 CrossRef
- Bart, D, Hartman, JM (2003) The role of large rhizome dispersal and low salinity windows in the establishment of common reed, Phragmites australis, in salt marshes: new links to human activities. Estuaries and Coasts 26: pp. 436-443 CrossRef
- Bart, D, Burdick, D, Chambers, R, Hartman, J (2006) Human facilitation of Phragmites australis invasions in tidal marshes: a review and synthesis. Wetlands Ecology and Management 14: pp. 53-65 CrossRef
- Bertness, MD, Ewanchuk, PJ, Silliman, BR (2002) Anthropogenic modification of New England salt marsh landscapes. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 99: pp. 1395-1398 CrossRef
- Daehler, CC, Strong, DR (1994) Variable reproductive output among clones of Spartina alterniflora (Poaceae) invading San Francisco Bay, California: the influence of herbivory, pollination, and establishment site. American Journal of Botany 81: pp. 307-313 CrossRef
- Galatowitsch, SM, Anderson, NO, Ascher, PD (1999) Invasiveness in wetland plants in temperate North America. Wetlands 19: pp. 733-755
- Gallegos, CL, Jordan, TE, Correll, DL (1992) Event-scale response of phytoplankton to watershed inputs in a subestuary: timing, magnitude, and location of blooms. Limnology and Oceanography 37: pp. 813-828 CrossRef
- Gervais, C, Trahan, R, Moreno, D, Drolet, A-M (1993) Phragmites australis in Quebec: geographical distribution, chromosome number, and reproduction. Canadian Journal of Botany 71: pp. 1386-1393 CrossRef
- Haslam, SM (1972) Phragmites communis Trin. (Arundo phragmites L.,? Phragmites australis (Cav.) Trin. ex Steudel). Journal of Ecology 60: pp. 585-610 CrossRef
- Ishii, J, Kadono, Y (2002) Factors influencing seed production of Phragmites australis. Aquatic Botany 72: pp. 129-141 CrossRef
- Keller, BEM (2000) Plant diversity in Lythrum, Phragmites, and Typha marshes, Massachusetts, U.S.A. Wetlands Ecology and Management 8: pp. 391-401 CrossRef
- Kettenring, KM, Whigham, DF (2009) Seed viability and seed dormancy of non-native Phragmites australis in suburbanized and forested watersheds of the Chesapeake Bay, USA. Aquatic Botany 91: pp. 199-204 CrossRef
- King, RS, DeLuca, WV, Whigham, DF, Marra, PP (2007) Threshold effects of coastal urbanization on Phragmites australis (common reed) abundance and foliar nitrogen in Chesapeake Bay. Estuaries and Coasts 30: pp. 469-481 CrossRef
- Lambert, AM, Casagrande, RA (2007) Characteristics of a successful estuarine invader: evidence of self-compatibility in native and non-native lineages of Phragmites australis. Marine Ecology Progress Series 337: pp. 299-301 CrossRef
- League, MT, Colbert, EP, Seliskar, DM, Gallagher, JL (2006) Rhizome growth dynamics of native and exotic haplotypes of Phragmites australis (common reed). Estuaries and Coasts 29: pp. 269-276 CrossRef
- Lelong, B, Lavoie, C, Jodoin, Y, Belzile, F (2007) Expansion pathways of the exotic common reed (Phragmites australis): a historical and genetic analysis. Diversity and Distributions 13: pp. 430-437 CrossRef
- Marks, M, Lapin, B, Randall, J (1994) Phragmites australis (Phragmites communis): threats, management, and monitoring. Natural Areas Journal 14: pp. 285-294
- McCormick, J., and J. A. Somes, Jr. 1982. Coastal wetlands of Maryland. In Maryland Department of Natural Resources, p. 141.
- McCormick, MK, Kettenring, KM, Baron, HM, Whigham, DF (2010) Extent and mechanisms of Phragmites australis spread in brackish wetlands in a subestuary of the Chesapeake Bay. Maryland (USA), Wetlands
- McKee, J, Richards, AJ (1996) Variation in seed production and germinability in common reed (Phragmites australis) in Britain and France with respect to climate. New Phytologist 133: pp. 233-243 CrossRef
- Meyerson, LA, Chambers, RM, Vogt, KA (1999) The effects of Phragmites removal on nutrient pools in a freshwater tidal marsh ecosystem. Biological Invasions 1: pp. 129-136 CrossRef
- Minchinton, TE, Bertness, MD (2003) Disturbance-mediated competition and the spread of Phragmites australis in a coastal marsh. Ecological Applications 13: pp. 1400-1416 CrossRef
- Minchinton, TE, Simpson, JC, Bertness, MD (2006) Mechanisms of exclusion of native coastal marsh plants by an invasive grass. Journal of Ecology 94: pp. 342-354 CrossRef
- Pellegrin, D, Hauber, DP (1999) Isozyme variation among populations of the clonal species, Phragmites australis (Cav.) Trin. ex Steudel. Aquatic Botany 63: pp. 241-259 CrossRef
- Saltonstall, K (2002) Cryptic invasion by a non-native genotype of the common reed, Phragmites australis, into North America. Proceedings of the National Academy of Science 99: pp. 2445-2449 CrossRef
- Saltonstall, K (2003) Genetic variation among North American populations of Phragmites australis: implications for management. Estuaries and Coasts 26: pp. 444-451 CrossRef
- Saltonstall, K (2003) Microsatellite variation within and among North American lineages of Phragmites australis. Molecular Ecology 12: pp. 1689-1702 CrossRef
- Silliman, BR, Bertness, MD (2004) Shoreline development drives invasion of Phragmites australis and the loss of plant diversity on New England salt marshes. Conservation Biology 18: pp. 1424-1434 CrossRef
- Talley, TS, Levin, LA (2001) Modification of sediments and macrofauna by an invasive marsh plant. Biological Invasions 3: pp. 51-68 CrossRef
- Tucker, GC (1990) The genera of Arundinoideae (Gramineae) in the southeastern United States. Journal of the Arnold Arboretum 71: pp. 145-177
- Windham, L, Ehrenfeld, JG (2003) Net impact of a plant invasion on nitrogen-cycling processes within a brackish tidal marsh. Ecological Applications 13: pp. 883-897 CrossRef
- Title
- Phragmites australis (Common Reed) Invasion in the Rhode River Subestuary of the Chesapeake Bay: Disentangling the Effects of Foliar Nutrients, Genetic Diversity, Patch Size, and Seed Viability
- Journal
- Estuaries and Coasts
Volume 33, Issue 1 , pp 118-126
- Cover Date
- 2010-01-01
- DOI
- 10.1007/s12237-009-9241-1
- Print ISSN
- 1559-2723
- Online ISSN
- 1559-2731
- Publisher
- Springer-Verlag
- Additional Links
-
- Topics
-
- Keywords
- Chesapeake Bay
- Foliar nutrients
- Genetic diversity
- Invasive species
- Microsatellite markers
- Seed viability
- Industry Sectors
-
- Authors
- Karin M. Kettenring
(1) (2)
- Melissa K. McCormick (1)
- Heather M. Baron (1) (3)
- Dennis F. Whigham (1)
- Author Affiliations
- 1. Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, 647 Contees Wharf Road, Edgewater, MD, 21037, USA
- 2. Ecology Center and Department of Watershed Sciences, Utah State University, 5210 Old Main Hill, Logan, UT, 84322, USA
- 3. College of Oceanic and Atmospheric Sciences, Oregon State University, 104 COAS Administration Building, Corvallis, OR, USA, 97331Germany’s football captain has warned that gay players will face verbal abuse if they decide to come out of the closet.
Bayern Munich star Philipp Lahm, 27, said he would welcome gay players but claimed they would face difficulties.
He told Bunte magazine: “An openly gay footballer would be exposed to abusive elements.
“For someone who does [come out], it would be very difficult.”
Reports said Lahm’s remarks could land him in trouble with the German Football Federation, as they have been taken as discouraging gay players from coming out.
In February, Schalke goalkeeper Manuel Neuer said players should come out and not fear the reaction of fans.
When asked what gay footballers should do, he said: “Yes, those who are gay should say so. It relieves a burden.
“And the fans will get over it quickly. What matters is the performance delivered by the player, not his sexual preference.”
In November, Bayern Munich striker Mario Gomez made similar comments.
He said: “They would play as if they had been liberated. Being gay should no longer be a taboo topic.”
However, former manager Rudi Assauer caused outrage in 2010 by saying that gay players would be ridiculed if they came out..”
Currently, there is only one out gay footballer in the world – Swedish player Anton Hysen.End of Round 11
Posted at 23:25 GMT on Sunday 22nd August 2004
The end of the universe is nigh!
Planetarion Round 11: A Legend Reborn will END on Friday September 3rd @ 18:00 GMT (19:00 UK, 20:00 Europe) The tick at that time WILL happen and rankings will be taken afterwards.
The traditional end-of-round ceremony for talking to the winners and making announcements about the future will happen an hour later at 19:00 GMT in #planetarion on IRC (irc.netgamers.org)
Havoc time will start at 12:00 GMT on Sunday 5th September and will run with bonus resources at 15 minute ticks for approximately a week (exact details to be announced at the end of the round)
Until then there are approximately 12 days until the end of the round, and plenty of time to change the outcome of the round.
As an additional to the end of the round we would like to welcome Kloopy back to PATeam as a coder for the portal, passport and possibly more. He can be contacted in #planetarion or via kloopy@planetarion.comAll articles
- April 13, 2012
Woman We Love: Sarah Liberatore, STLTO Wine Founder
At the age of 23, within two years of finishing a Bachelor of Commerce degree, Sarah Liberatore has managed to successfully launch not just one, but two wines under her own original label, STLTO....
- April 13, 2012
10 Cookbooks to Give (or Get!) this Mother's Day
From homemade ice cream, to main dish salads, to Italian family favorites, we've got Mother's Day cookbook suggestions to give or add to your own wish list!
- March 19, 2012
Gwyneth Paltrow Slams 'The New York Times' for Ghostwriter Claim
By DONNA KAUFMAN When it comes to her writing career, Gwyneth Paltrow doesn't believe in ghosts. The actress has taken the The New York Times to task for an article that claims her 2011 cookbook...
- March 12, 2012
Food Expiration Dates 101: How Long to Keep Pickles, Mayo and Other Condiments
Almost everyone has a jar of something really old in the back of their fridge. And that mystery jar usually contains some sort of condiment. Read on for StillTasty’s guidelines on keeping and...
- March 09, 2012
3 Reasons Why Pure Maple Syrup is Worth the Splurge
March might come in a like a lion, but with it comes peaceful trips to the sugar bush and maple syrup season. I like to refer to this natural sweetener as liquid gold, not only for the rich taste and...
- March 07, 2012
M...
- March 05, 2012
Food Expiration Dates 101: How Long to Keep Dairy and Eggs
Who hasn't sniffed the milk carton and hoped for the best? It's tough to know when butter, cheese, cream, milk, yogurt and eggs have gone bad so we've created this handy cheat sheet of...
- February 29, 2012
Dairy Free Substitutes: Milk Intolerance and Vegan Recipes with Tofu
Whether you're cooking for someone who is lactose intolerant, or simply looking to add more soy to your diet, here are some great sneaky substitutions that even the pickiest eater won't...
- February 24, 2012
Food Expiration Dates 101: How Long to Keep Spices, Peanut Butter and Other Pantry Items
It’s hard to tell when pantry basics like dried pasta, herbs and spices, rice, honey, sugar and flour expire – they often live in our kitchens forever! While some foods keep indefinitely...
- February 14, 2012
Bubbly on a Budget: Money-Saving Tips for Buying Champagne
Never fear — you don't have to splurge on Dom Perignon to toast your valentine in style. Check out our roundup of fabulous sparkling wines that won't bust your budget
- February 13, 2012
Giveaway: Starbucks Blonde Roast & Gift Card
Starbucks recently debuted their new coffee, the Blonde Roasts, in stores around Canada this February. In a survey conducted by Starbucks, the general consensus of their customers is that Starbucks’s...
- January 27, 2012
10 Tips for Buying Food in Bulk
Shopping strategies for getting the most out of your warehouse grocery store body { background-image: url(); background-...
- January 25, 2012
Which Is Worse? Italian Food Favorites
From penne pesto to chicken parmigiana, how do you choose the healthiest Italian foods? And avoid the worst?
- January 18, 2012
6 Foods to Get You in the Mood
Looking for love in all the wrong places? Try your refrigerator! By CYNTHIA RAMNARACE
- January 18, 2012
8 Foods Not Worth the Extra Money (and 5 That Are)
Learn where you can cut corners and which foods you might want to pay more for. Check out this guide from Michelle Madden, founder of The Sweet Beet. By MICHELLE MADDENLocation: Located at the foothills of the Western Ghats, near the Molem village, Bhagwan Mahavir Sanctuary Goa lies on the eastern border of the state. It is 60 km away from the state capital, Panaji.
Area: Few of the tourists know that one third of Goa is covered with rich forest and that it is one of the greatest reservoirs of biodiversity in the world. Goa's largest wild life sanctuary is Bhagwan Wildlife Sanctuary which covers an area of 240 sq. km. This sanctuary is situated amidst nature's abundance; deciduous trees and evergreen forests cover this preserve.
Wildlife: Molem National Park is in the center of the sanctuary. While on an excursion through the sanctuary made on jeeps provided by the forest department, you will come across. It is always best to visit the Bhagwan Mahavir Sanctuary in the early morning hours or late evening hours.. According to the villagers of Molem , the doles operate in huge packs, they break themselves in teams and station themselves in strategic positions. Thereafter they run short distances and with quick team effort and relays they outrun their prey, lunge on them and kill them. So a much stronger and larger gaur eventually fall to their vile plans and bleeds to death. They are even said to eat their prey faster before any other animals can get the smell or inkling of a prey being feasted upon.
Just 12km away from the sanctuary is the 13th century Mahadev Temple at Tambdi, Surla and the Dudhsagar waterfalls.
Bhagwan Mahavir Sanctuary, Goa gives you detailed information related to the wild life sanctuaries of Goa. Log on to Goa Hub to enjoy the wildlife sanctuaries of Goa.Your Account
Data Science Starter Kit
This kit includes everything you need, from analysis and visualization to management.
Get all 13 ebooks for a 60% savings.
Photographic Visions
By 1x.com. Adobe's Minion and Gill Sans fonts.Melanie Wang designed the interior layout, based on a series design by Phil Simpson. This book was converted by Andrew Savikas to FrameMaker 5.5.6 with a format conversion tool created by Erik Ray, Jason McIntosh, Neil Walls, and M 2015, O'Reilly Media, Inc.
(707) 827-7019(800) 889-8969
All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on oreilly.com are the property of their respective owners.-
- News
- Calendar
- Blogs
- Sports
- Entertainment
- Business
- Lifestyles
- Community
- Opinion
-
- Classifieds
- Coupons
- Local Savings
- Green Editions
- Legal Notices
- Contests
- Weekly Ads
Connect with Us
-
-
-
- NEWSLETTERS
Raider swimmers too deep for Gators
"When members of the Thomas Jefferson swimming team mention depth, they aren't talking about how deep the water in the pool is. One guy can get a lot of first place finishes, but he needs back-up swimmers, Jefferson swimmer Jason Hesla said. A 2-3-4 finish scores more points than a first place finish. You need good swimmers all the way down the line. The guys not even going to state are getting those places for us, and that's the backbone of the team.Jefferson used its depth to swim past the Decatur team 115-67 on Tuesday, then beat Rogers 100-86 on Thursday. Last year Jefferson lost to Rogers by three points. On Thursday, Jefferson narrowly led Rogers 88-82 before the diving scores came in. Jefferson divers James Walker and Billy Holdsworth finished one two, while Tyler Sanders finished fourth to earn 12 points and seal the victory. We have more depth than we have had in the past, said Jefferson coach Kevin Zacher. We're not as deep as Curtis and Puyallup, but we're a lot deeper than we were. People feel we are one of the top contenders.Zacher has reason to believe in his team. All three relay squads have already qualified for state, with five swimmers qualifying in individual events, so far. I'm going to have a phenomenal state meet, said Jefferson team captain Pete Friedhoff. I know where I was and where I am now. I remember how it was. I'm more focused. It took me to my senior year to say, 'Whoa, I need to look at this.' I take it a lot more seriously this year.Every time you swim, you do your best, it's just different degrees of greatness. At the state meet, you get that feeling like you're about to throw up - that's feeling the flow.Friedhoff has been feeling the flow lately. He qualified for state in the 200-meter freestyle, the 500 freestyle, and will swim on the two freestyle relay teams. Thursday against Rogers he swam a 4:50.61 in the 500 freestyle, nearly two seconds better than his school-record setting time of 4:52.23 time and 10th place finish at last year's state meet. "
Latest news, top stories, and community events,
delivered to your inbox.
Trending Stories May 15 - May 22
Read the May 22
Green Edition
Browse the print edition page by page, including stories and ads.2401 NW 32nd St, Miami, FL 33142
OFF MARKET
- Beds: 3
- Baths: 2
- Duplex
- 1,762 sq ft
Listing Details
- Assessed Taxable Amount
- $75,259
- Tax Amount
- $2,599
- Property Type
- Duplex
- Bedrooms
- 3
- Bathrooms
- 2
- Floors
- 1
- Home Size (Sqft)
- 1,762
- Lot Size (Sqft)
- 7,370
- Lot Size (Acres)
- 0.17
- Year Built
- 1952
-.
Reads New friends, new lands, and all-new Pok mon-the next chapter of one of the greatest adventures! Most kids spend their days at school, but not Hareta. Raised in the wild by Pok mon, he can climb as high as an Aipcom, swim as fast as a Magikarp, and even e. Price: $6.78
© Copyright 2015 - Christmas.com. All rights reserved and protected by Christmas SpiritSearch the collections
Where is it from?
- A Place & Date Depicted Casterton, Australia
Similar items over time
Negative - Casterton, Victoria, 1936
Reg. No: MM 002974
- Description Of Content:
- A large crowd at a dance to mark the opening of the Casterton Town Hall. The photograph has been taken from the balcony looking towards the stage where the official party is seated.
- Acquisition Information:
- Copied from Mrs W Baxter, 1986
- Acknowledgement:
- The Biggest Family Album of Australia, Museum Victoria
More information
Themes
This item is part of the following themes: Laura receives a message from Scratch (Mario Cocci), a drug dealer from Holland who claims to be in contact with her mom, and has a letter he says she wrote. Laura decides to set out to Holland to find her mother, while Angela tries to convince Laura to stay behind, certain she's being led into a dangerous trap. ~ Mark Deming, Rovi
Movies.com, the ultimate source for everything movies, is your destination for new movie trailers, reviews, photos, times, tickets + more! Stay in the know with the latest movie news and cast interviews at Movies.com.Answers Home
» Kittens
» Other Kittens
With what age should I get my siamese kitty a girlfriend?? p.s he just turned 6 months... :)
Asked by
KeD
on Jan 23rd 2013
Tagged
in Other Kittens
Status
- Cast your vote for which answer you think is best!
Answers
What do you mean by girlfriend? Do you plan on breeding? Is your cat fixed?
Kazu
answered on 1/23/13.
Helpful?
/
1
If you're talking about breeding, DON'T. Get your Siamese neutered so he'll remain a good companion to you in the house. When an unneutered male cat reaches sexual maturity, his urine changes to become overpoweringly acrid and stinky. An unneutered male will spray his extremely strong smelling urine everywhere to mark his territory. Unneutered males also are driven to get out and hunt for females and to fight other intact adult males for territory and mates. Ripped up ears, scratched up faces, frequent bite wounds and abscesses all add up to vet bills that can be completely avoided by having your male cat neutered and keeping him inside. Intact females aren't easy to live with either. A female in heat often sprays to advertise that she's looking for a mate. A female Siamese in heat can make some of the most unearthly sounds you've ever heard. If you want a female just for a companion to your male, first have him neutered then get the female and have her spayed.
Lefty
answered on 2/1/13.
Helpful?
/
1
Updated: Aug 13, 2013 5:07pm PST
Staff Member of the Month
A gallery honoring those MHMS staff members who have been nominated by ...
Updated: May 13, 2015 10:35am PST
Updated: Oct 22, 2014 6:35am PST
Savage Branch Howard County Library
Our local Savage Branch Library - part of the Howard County Public Lib ...
Updated: Nov 20, 2014 7:57am PST
Staff Member of the Month
A gallery honoring those MHMS staff members who have been nominated by ...
Updated: May 13, 2015 10:35am PST
Updated: Apr 29, 2015 6:32am PST
Updated: Mar 23, 2015 11:49am PST
Updated: Jan 20, 2015 7:52am PST
Updated: Jan 05, 2015 6:58am PST
Updated: Dec 12, 2014 11:18am PST
Updated: Dec 11, 2014 8:10am PST
Updated: Dec 11, 2014 8:02am PST
Savage Branch Howard County Library
Our local Savage Branch Library - part of the Howard County Public Lib ...
Updated: Nov 20, 2014 7:57am PST
Updated: Nov 06, 2014 11:38am PST
Updated: Oct 22, 2014 6:35am PST
8th Grade Cruise 2013-2014
Updated: Jun 20, 2014 7:20am PST
Updated: Jun 19, 2014 9:03am PST
8th Grade Slideshow 2013-2014
Updated: Jun 19, 2014 8:34am PST
Updated: Jun 10, 2014 8:57am PST
Updated: May 19, 2014 12:13pm PST
5th Grade Visit April 2014
Updated: Apr 23, 2014 10:08am PST
Updated: Mar 14, 2014 11:31am PST
Updated: Feb 07, 2014 11:20am PST
Harry Potter - 1999 Unofficial HP Fan Club
Back in the day I went a little Harry Potter Crazy! I was one of the f ...
Updated: Feb 03, 2014 7:51pm PST
6th Grade Terrapin Adventures 2013
Updated: Oct 23, 2013 3:44pm PST
Updated: Oct 23, 2013 5:37am PST
GCES & MHMS Fun Run / Walk 2013
Updated: Sep 04, 2013 8:13am PST
Updated: Aug 13, 2013 5:07pm PST
Updated: Jul 26, 2013 7:32am PST
Updated: May 08, 2013 10:56am PST
Updated: May 06, 2013 11:05am PST
Updated: Apr 17, 2013 11:24am PST
Updated: Feb 27, 2013 7:47am PST
MHMS in the Broadcast News
Updated: Feb 25, 2013 7:26am PST
Updated: Feb 09, 2013 6:20am PST
Library of Congress Visit 05
thanks to bob glascock, carol fritts and molly kelley we finally reali ...
Updated: Jan 13, 2013 1:16pm PST
Marvel-ous Comic Book Cartoons
Updated: Nov 16, 2012 11:38am PST
Updated: Nov 01, 2012 8:05am PST
MHMS History - Before Houses
Updated: Sep 11, 2012 7:26am PST
Updated: Sep 04, 2012 6:31am PST
Updated: Jun 08, 2012 10:34am PST
Updated: Jun 08, 2012 9:51am PST
Updated: Jun 06, 2012 5:57am PST
MHMS Daring School Library Summer Reading
Updated: May 24, 2012 10:54am PST
Updated: May 15, 2012 7:13am PST
Updated: Apr 16, 2012 10:28am PST
QR Code Lesson w/ Ms. Mensing's AZ Class!
Updated: Jan 23, 2012 5:15am PST
Updated: Dec 23, 2011 11:41am PST
A happy return for one of our students
Updated: Dec 23, 2011 10:35am PST
Otis Spunkmeyer Prize Assembly
Updated: Dec 22, 2011 11:32am PST
Updated: Nov 21, 2011 8:15am PST
Updated: Nov 19, 2011 2:14pm PST
Library Art Installation October
Updated: Oct 19, 2011 9:33am PST
Take a look at some artwork created by the talented students at Murray ...
Updated: Oct 19, 2011 6:54am PST
Updated: Apr 26, 2011 6:53am PST
Updated: Apr 05, 2011 8:50am PST
Updated: Mar 09, 2011 10:48am PST
Updated: Jan 14, 2011 9:09am PST
Updated: Jan 07, 2011 12:21pm PST
Updated: Nov 18, 2010 6:33am PST
Koudelka/Scott Retirement Luncheon
Updated: Jun 22, 2010 11:17am PST
Updated: Jun 21, 2010 11:37am PST
MSA Pep Rally Pics By Mr. D
Updated: Jun 21, 2010 11:23am PST
Updated: May 20, 2010 7:04am PST
Hispanic-Latino Teacher-Appreciation Lunch
The talented and generous chefs and parents of our Hispanic-Latino com ...
Updated: May 07, 2010 9:38am PST
Updated: Apr 21, 2010 6:53am PST
Civil War Reenactor Visit - May 15, 2001
A fine couple of gents from the Maryland Civil War Reenactors group pa ...
Updated: Apr 20, 2010 7:14am PST
Mary Downing Hahn Visit '03
Updated: Apr 20, 2010 6:56am PST
Updated: Apr 16, 2010 12:30pm PST
Updated: Mar 24, 2010 7:33am PST
Updated: Mar 05, 2010 12:04pm PST
Haiti Relief Drive 1-2010
Updated: Jan 27, 2010 9:34am PST
Updated: Oct 09, 2009 9:10am PST
Taiwanese Student Visit/Sept. 09
Updated: Oct 09, 2009 6:57am PST
Solar Car Visits MHMS 6/3/09
Updated: Jun 05, 2009 6:33am PST
Updated: Jun 01, 2009 7:59am PST
Music Department Competition at Kings Dominion April 25, 2009
Updated: May 29, 2009 7:17am PST
Jazz Concert May 6, 2009 Jazz Band and Orchestra
Updated: May 26, 2009 11:47am PST
EMAHC Reception for Jay Fridkis
Updated: May 14, 2009 6:58am PST
Updated: Apr 20, 2009 11:26am PST
Updated: Apr 20, 2009 7:21am PST
Updated: Mar 09, 2009 12:18pm PST
Boy's Night Out - 03/06/09
Updated: Mar 09, 2009 11:50am PST
Library Media Center Pics
Updated: Feb 24, 2009 6:14am PST
Updated: Jan 23, 2009 8:40am PST
Updated: Oct 28, 2008 11:16am PST
Updated: Oct 08, 2008 7:20am PST
8th Grade Cruise 08 and More!
Updated: Aug 22, 2008 8:56am PST
Summer Reading with HCL 08
Updated: Jun 10, 2008 10:03am PST
Museum of Underwater Archeology Visit
Updated: May 29, 2008 9:26am PST
Sunrise Senior Center 5/7/08
Updated: May 07, 2008 11:14am PST
Many Voices, Many Stories, & Many Lands: Storytelling and Folklore
Updated: May 07, 2008 10:26am PST
Updated: Apr 25, 2008 8:00am PST
Updated: Apr 21, 2008 7:27am PST
Dinosaurs Alive! @the Maryland Science Center
Updated: Feb 26, 2008 8:29am PST
Reward Field Trip to Normandy Lanes
Updated: Feb 04, 2008 6:45am PST
Book Pass: The Freedom of Choice
Updated: Jan 16, 2008 7:08am PST
New Media & Audio Books 08
Updated: Jan 16, 2008 6:58am PST
Philadelphia Trip - 07 Jones/Taylor Group
Updated: Nov 30, 2007 7:05am PST
Destined to Speak is an non-profit organization that has partnershippe ...
Updated: Nov 30, 2007 7:00am PST
Gilbert Scores for Schools 07!
It's the second year of MHMS participation in the Gilbert Scores for ...
Updated: Oct 30, 2007 8:05am PST
Updated: Sep 28, 2007 11:34am PST
Mr. Dickey's New School Year Assembly
Updated: Aug 28, 2007 10:38am PST
8th Grade Slide Show 06-07
Updated: Jun 19, 2007 11:57am PST
MHMS Related Arts Field Day -07
Updated: Jun 13, 2007 11:46am PST
N2 BKS: HCL Summer Reading 07
Updated: Jun 07, 2007 8:14am PST
Author Visit: Karon Luddy
Updated: Jun 01, 2007 10:47am PST
Reservoir Graduation 07 (MHMS class of 03)
Updated: May 29, 2007 5:36am PST
10th Anniversary Celebration
Password Upon Request: or see the MHMS CLC conference. A terrific even ...
Updated: May 07, 2007 4:10am PST
Updated: Mar 20, 2007 8:45pm PST
Updated: Jan 08, 2007 12:00pm PST
Gilbert Scores for Schools!
the very generous Gilbert Arenas has arranged for a funraiser for scho ...
Updated: Nov 08, 2006 12:12pm PST
Teacher Appreciation - Oct 06
All year long our wonderful parents do things to show their appreciati ...
Updated: Oct 11, 2006 7:45am PST
Lt. Governor Steele visits MHMS 9.29.06
Updated: Oct 03, 2006 6:23am PST
Curriculum Writing Workshop 06
Updated: Jul 05, 2006 5:22am PST
Otis Spunkmeyer Fundraiser 06
Updated: Jun 15, 2006 6:58am PST
got some great pics of the FIRST full class of Reservoir High School C ...
Updated: May 31, 2006 3:59pm PST
Updated: Apr 04, 2006 10:42am PST
Silver Diner Fundraising Event!
Updated: Mar 01, 2006 8:13am PST
photos taken by Kathy Hersey - Band director, Beth Singleton - GT Reso ...
Updated: Feb 07, 2006 4:58am PST
Murray Hill Staff Website Pics
Updated: Jan 27, 2006 12:18pm PST
Winter Social 2005 (NOT a dance!)
Updated: Dec 23, 2005 11:25am PST
8th Grade Slide Show Pics 2005
Updated: Jun 16, 2005 6:35am PST
TV Studio End of Year Par-tay
our MHTV producers, head techs, and 8th grade staff works REALLY hard ...
Updated: Jun 09, 2005 12:22pm PST
Once Upon a Nursery Rhyme - June 05
Updated: Jun 08, 2005 7:21am PST
Our kids Rocked the Shakespeare Festival putting a 50's spin on Much A ...
Updated: Mar 22, 2005 11:11am PST
Updated: Mar 16, 2005 12:29pm PST
Updated: Mar 16, 2005 12:03pm PST
Updated: Mar 16, 2005 11:44am PST
Updated: Mar 16, 2005 11:28am PST
MHMS Celebrations: Birthdays & More!
Updated: Mar 16, 2005 8:42am PST
History Day@Murray Hill in the Media Center
Murray Hill Middle School celebrates National History Day in it's own ...
Updated: Feb 17, 2005 8:17am PST
Updated: Feb 14, 2005 11:12am PST
Updated: Feb 04, 2005 12:53pm PST
Reading Across the Hill: Gorman Crossing Visit
As part of our celebration for January's Reading Month here in Marylan ...
Updated: Jan 28, 2005 11:42am PST
Sound of Music Matinee 1.27- Mr. Blissett Pics
Updated: Jan 27, 2005 11:46am PST
Sound of Music Matinee 1.27
Updated: Jan 27, 2005 9:38am PST
Updated: Jan 26, 2005 11:40am PST
Drama Kids - Sound of Music 05
Updated: Jan 12, 2005 6:40am PST
Updated: Jan 03, 2005 7:06am PST
Brian & Beth's Bridal Shower!
beth and brian are getting married.. but NOT to each other! well, beth ...
Updated: Oct 01, 2004 10:32am PST
Tonya & Rhea's Bridal Shower
w/visiting babies!
Updated: Jun 16, 2004 10:17am PST
it was great seeing so many murray hillers graduate!!! our first class ...
Updated: Jun 04, 2004 11:14am PST
Updated: May 25, 2004 7:58am PST
Updated: Apr 20, 2004 11:28am PST
Updated: Apr 14, 2004 11:32am PST
Updated: Apr 02, 2004 11:16am PST
these pics were taken by rudo - of the miss maryland visit and other p ...
Updated: Apr 02, 2004 11:08am PST
Updated: Mar 12, 2004 11:58am PST
Updated: Feb 23, 2004 1:33pm PST
Updated: Feb 23, 2004 12:43pm PST
Updated: Feb 20, 2004 9:09am PST
Negro League Baseball Legends Visit
Murray Hill was honored to have legends of the Negro League baseball v ...
Updated: Feb 17, 2004 10:43am PST
Drama Kids - Music Man 04
Updated: Feb 12, 2004 8:45am PSTAre heads beginning to roll?
The removal of Rick Wagoner of General Motors and Christian Streiff of Citroen would seem to suggest that those seen as being responsible for poor business performance are being replaced by people not tarnished with the mistakes of the past.
One has to ask if this is the beginning of a cull of top business people seen as responsible for causing the financial crisis and whether it will satisfy people’s anger of like the French revolution simply call for more blood?Hi, I am sure these questions have been asked before -- Does anyone have a dilution for TTF1 from Zymed worked out for the Ventana ES? Any other TTF1 source that is worked out for the Ventana? Does anyone know of a source for Calponin antibody? Anyone have it worked out for the Ventana? Thanks! Marg Supervisor, Anatomic Pathology Eisenhower Medical Center 39-000 Bob Hope Drive Rancho Mirage, CA 92270BorrowLenses.com
I simply can’t recommend enough, renting before buying. I’ve been doing it since the first day of my photography and I still do it. It’s real simple, buying the wrong piece of gear is not only a real bummer, it’s expensive. Last month I wrote about needing batteries for the D4 for the Doolittle Reunion so I contacted BorrowLenses.com and within a heartbeat, I had the batteries. We’ve hooked up with BorrowLenses.com now and can highly recommend them as thousands of others can.
The way I recommend you go about this is simple. When you know you are really able to shoot, have time to devote to trying out that new lens or body, rent it for a minimum of three days, a week is better. Then force yourself to shoot with just the piece of equipment to get to know all of its pros and cons. Don’t give yourself or that piece of equipment a break, shoot, shoot, shoot. Then look at your images and ask yourself the simple question, “did that piece of equipment solve the problem you envisioned you had?” Within that answer if your answer whether you should buy that piece of gear or not. Give the folks at BorrowLenses.com a try, tell them Moose sent ya. You and your photography won’t be disappointed!anxiety
we suffered from an apprehension of his danger was great: it is now fully
recompensed by his safe return to those friends that dearly love him. He
was ever a favourite you know, and still continues to possess the amiable
qualities that in his younger years gained the affection of his friends.
You, my Brother are far, very far removed from your friends and connections:
it is a painfull reflection to those that have parted with a son and a Brother.
It is not the person that goes abroad in quest of any object whether Knowledge,
business, or pleasure that is pained by the seperation. Every object they
meet imprint[s] new ideas on their minds; new scenes soon engage their attention,
still looking forward they have but little time to reflect on their past
time, the pleasure they receive is so much more than a balance for the pain
that their time passes in almost an uninterrupted course of happiness. On
the contrary the friends they leave are still dwelling on the painfull event
that deprived them of much happiness; no pleasing scenes present to the
mind, the
Adams,
Abigail 2d. Letter to John Quincy Adams, May 3, 1782. Adams Family Papers,
Massachusetts Historical Society. Published in Adams Family Correspondence,
Volume 4: October 1780 - September 1782 (Cambridge: The Belknap Press of
Harvard University Press, 1973). Pages 319-321.A 47-year-old passenger was medevaced off the Norwegian cruise ship JEWEL approximately 115 miles northeast of Cape Henry, Virgina March 9, 2012. The captain of the NCL cruise ship contacted the Coast Guard at approximately 5 p.m. reporting a woman with abdominal pains was in need of medical attention. In a combined effort between a HM-60 Jayhawk crew and a HC-130 Hercules airplane crew, the sick passenger and her husband was evacuated off the JEWEL and transferred to Sentera Norfolk Hospital. This is only one of several medevacs from a cruise ship Maritime Law Blog reported this year.The Rock-Tenn recycling plant in St. Paul could begin burning bio-gas. An advisory group endorsed the plan Monday night.
The bio-gas would be produced in rural Minnesota and fed into the state's existing natural gas pipelines.
Nancy Hone helped organize a group that fought an earlier plan to burn garbage for energy at Rock-Tenn. She said her group will continue to monitor the process, to make sure the bio-gas plant -- wherever it is built -- will be clean.
"We don't want to have our problem out there. We don't want to just shift the problem from here to there; that's not how we think, we think of the planet," Hone said.
State Senator Ellen Anderson backed legislation that required the St. Paul Port Authority to work with the advisory group. She said the plan is a good one.
"It will keep the Rock-Tenn plant open and save hundreds of good jobs, and it will provide an energy source that's really clean, that everyone in the community can support, I believe," Anderson said.
Bio-gas could be produced at an ethanol or sugar beet plant, or at a large feed lot.
Bacteria would convert the waste materials into methane, which can be further refined to burn as clean as natural gas.
The bio-gas plant would be built using federal loan guarantees.Backlog from Thanksgiving morning!
I really should know better than to try a new tea on vacation. The attention to detail that I would normally give it just isn’t there, you know?
Anyway, I got this from my iHeartTeas order (thank you so much Rachel!) wherein I also picked up my French Vanilla Black Assam. Since I like gingerbread I figured I’d try it. And the smell of the leaf was promising – I got whiffs of ginger cookies and the traditional chai spices – cinnamon, mostly, but I could visually pick out the cardamom pods, and the black tea was in small pieces – just like the Yogic Chai blend I love.
I added my usual splash of milk to this – but I can’t really give you specifics on steep time/water temp aside from that I think it was boiling, and I think I let it go for 5 minutes.
I also am pretty sure I’m going to have to tweak this, because I wasn’t too fond of what I got. The ginger was there, but it was more of a medicinal ginger in taste. And the black tea was astringent even through the added milk. I think this definitely has potential, but I also think that I will have to wait till I get home (tomorrow afternoon) to really be able to rate it fairly.
So, until we meet again, gingerbread chai….When Rev. Diana McDaniel was a child, she remembered the adults in her family talk about Port Chicago during holiday gatherings and the conversation wasn't pleasant.
She couldn't understand the reason for the angry tone of the discussion. She later realized her uncle had been a part of World War II history -- he served at Port Chicago during the explosion in July 1944, in which hundreds of military and civilian personnel were killed and injured, most of them enlisted African-American sailors.
Several years later, McDaniel had the opportunity to tour Port Chicago with her church group.
"We took the tour, found out about the whole story and thought, 'Now, what are we going to do?'" said McDaniel, senior minister of Unity Church of San Leandro.
She and other community members active in promoting the history of Port Chicago formed the Friends of Port Chicago National Memorial to help the National Park Service raise awareness and funds for the Port Chicago Naval Magazine National Memorial.
In 1994, the memorial was created by Congress by legislation authored by Rep. George Miller, D-Martinez, and signed by President Bill Clinton. On Oct. 28, 2009, President Barack Obama signed into law a bill authored by Miller that made the memorial a full and permanent unit of the National Park System, McDaniel said.
To commemorate the historical significance of the tragedy of Port Chicago and its impact on African-American history -- which spurred desegregation of the United States military -- the Friends of Port Chicago and the National Park Service will present "The Port Chicago Disaster at 70: A Symposium on Race and the Military During World War II," from 8:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. July 17, at Diablo Valley College.
"This is the first time we'll hold a symposium," said McDaniel, president of the Friends board.
She said that John A. Lawrence, a fellow board member who served as Chief of Staff to Speaker Nancy Pelosi and who played a major role in the creation of the Port Chicago memorial as well as securing a presidential pardon for Freddie Meeks, one of the 50 sailors who was court-martialed after the explosion for refusing to load munitions, suggested the idea to have a symposium for the community.
Camarin Madigan, a Friends board member, said her law firm, Bingham McCutchen LLP, has been very involved with the group for a long time. One of the firm's former partners formed the nonprofit entity and several attorneys were involved with the petition to form the national park.
"I was honored to be asked to work with the Friends group, first as a legal adviser and then as a board member," Madigan said. "I am particularly proud that I am able to bring my young children to the annual events so that they learn about our history and my work with the Friends group."
Last year, as the board was deciding how to mark the 70th anniversary of the explosion at Port Chicago, they knew that they wanted to do something that involved the families of the survivors as well as the community, Madigan said.
"We hope that the symposium will both educate and start the dialogue about the importance of Port Chicago in our history, but also in present-day civil rights struggles. The events at Port Chicago instigated desegregation in the military, which will be discussed by the first panel (Race in the Military During World War II). This leads directly into the second panel (Teaching Port Chicago: A Case Study of Race in America), which brings the history to the present day and how we teach our history to our children."
The symposium will feature educators well-versed in Port Chicago history, including Leon Litwack, professor emeritus of history, UC;" and J. Vern Cromartie, professor of sociology at Contra Costa College.
Robert Allen, retired adjunct professor of African American studies at UC Berkeley and author of "The Port Chicago Mutiny," will moderate the symposium along with Lawrence.
"Steve Sheinkin wanted to tell the history of Port Chicago because it was not in history books in school," McDaniel said. "We want to get the story out more, get educators to talk about it and tell how they're already teaching the Port Chicago story. This symposium was created to broaden and deepen people's knowledge of it. Many people have lived in this area and don't know about it."It's the month of LOOOOVE!!! And how I LOVE, love! You know what I love just as much as love??? The color purple! All shades of it. I've been embracing my purpleness lately and have been creating a LOT of purple! And I love it. ;)
I also love signing up for newsletters. One of the newsletters that I signed up for sent me an ADORABLE project for heart-shaped pot holders. I Love hearts. And I love NOT getting burnt when I take hot things out of the oven... right?
You know what else I love??? Meetup groups. I love getting together with friends to do whatever it is I signed up to do, whether it's going to the park, sewing, walking, book-club, wine club, etc.
So this month, I combined some of my loves: Love, talking, purple, newsletter, sewing, meetup group. And combining all those wonderful things, we got our sewing group together, "SA Sew Addicted," and created pot-holders: Heart-shaped! of course. ;)
Look at how adorable these things are!! Guess which one is mine??? Did you say, "the PURPLE one?!" That's right! You know me so well...lol And the super cute red & pink one is my friend Nichole's. They all really turned out so freaking cute!
The original pattern came from the Purl Bee. It is so very easy to follow, and takes less than an hour to make. Well...it should take less than an hour to make if you are actually making them and not chatting, running around, and having machine troubles, (eh Nichole?) ;P
If you happen to make some of these cuties, please share!! I would love to see all the fabric combinations.
And if you haven't already done so, make sure to visit the Ribbon Carousel blog and submit your "Love-inspired" creation for a chance to win a Ribbon Carousel of your very own!!!
And if you haven't already done so, make sure to visit the Ribbon Carousel blog and submit your "Love-inspired" creation for a chance to win a Ribbon Carousel of your very own!!!
Thanks for visiting,
Valerie, Hiding out! ;D
brilliant gift idea Valerie, perfect.Bella Thorne will be guest starring in an upcoming episode of CSI! Bella will play a character named Hannah who is “a very popular high school student with everything going for her.” That is, until she is suspected of murdering a fellow student!
Bella had this to say about her new role on the show:
Starting a cool guest star role on a very established show tomorrow! #excited #goodrole #deep #emotional
We can’t wait to meet Bella’s character on CSI!
MUDPUPPIES NEWS
Stats updated April 22 at 5:15 pm.
Game schedule is here (Google calendar) or here (PDF).
All games will be played at either Huset #5 or at Prestemon Park.
Questions? Want your very own mudpuppies.net email address? Send an email. We can hook that up for you. It’s easy. It’s free. Why wouldn’t you do it?Write a Review - Read All
Overall:
3.6 / 5 based on
5 reviews
3 of 5 reviewers would recommend this product to a friend.
5/5
Want Another! -
7/26/2014
By: MomofTwinz from New Hampshire
This is the best leather coat I ever had! It was perfect for wearing to work or for casual days. It fit beautifully. Unfortunately I lost my coat so I am lobbying them to bring this leather coat back so I can buy another!
1/5
Big mistake -
2/25/2013
By: Boboc from Florida
I'm so disappointed about "Orvis" I get the leather jacket from them, lambskin... BUT .. The quality wasn't the best, look's like plastic and for the price so I returned ... Thinking that I'm going to get my money back; because they said it is a FULL refund .. But Nop , they discount the tax and the shipping so I just get part of my money. So think and be sure before you buy.
5/5
Worth Every Penny. -
2/20/2013
By: Applepie189 from Yorkshire. UK.
Delighted, my wife looks more elegent and ladylike than ever in this superb quality jacket, I was so pleased that I took her straight out and purchased her a matching handbag and shoes. Thank you Orvis.
2/5
1/12/2013
By: Baily from Phoenix Az
It is too small and I will be returning it to the store today. I also had hoped for a warmer liner. It is pretty tho.
5/5
Quality Leather -
12/28/2012
By: nellwolfe from Greenville, NC
The leather jacket I ordered was beautiful - supple, no piecing, warm color. Regrettably, I have had to return it as it was not the style my daughter wanted. I will certainly continue to shop Orvis for the quality and excellent service.
Write a Review - Read AllTHE NEIGHBORHOOD: Fontainebleau, bounded roughly by Walmsley Avenue on the north, South Claiborne Avenue on the south, Broadway Street on the east and South Carrollton Avenue on the west. Before it was called Fontainebleau, the area was known as Marlyville, named after Pierre Marly, a free man of color who bought part of the Macarty Plantation in June 1833, from developers Samuel Kohn, Laurent Millaudon and John Slidell.
THE BLOCK: The 2400 block of Audubon Street on the odd-numbered or east side of the street, between Fontainebleau Drive on the north and Mobile Street on the south. Technically, the block is just outside the official neighborhood boundaries, but its era of development (early decades of the 20th century) and housing types and styles (Craftsman bungalows) suggests it deserves to be included within the neighborhood's boundaries. From this location, it's a short jaunt in one direction to the Hollygrove Market and Farm, in another to Tulane University, and in a third to Palmer Park, where the Arts Council stages its monthly Arts Market today.
THE HOUSES: Nine Craftsman houses, including a raised basement, a pair of cottages and half a dozen bungalows. A couple of the Craftsman bungalows are almost identical and others are near mirror images of one another. All display a wealth of Craftsman details.
Anatomy of the block
I begin my walk at the corner of Fontainebleau and Audubon, heading south toward South Claiborne Avenue. Although a few streets intersect Audubon on the west side of the street, the east side is one continuous block, all the way from Fontainebleau to Claiborne. That's because the houses on the odd-numbered side of the street back up to those on Audubon Boulevard, an enclave without intersecting streets.
I pass up the house on the corner and stop in front of the second house, a modest Craftsman cottage distinguished by a wide low dormer in the center of a side-gabled roof as well as a screened porch on the left side. Modest in scale, it nonetheless features details like sidelights flanking the front door and mitered corners on the weatherboards.
As I walk from the cottage to the bungalow next door, I move from the simple to the complex. Painted a cheerful peach color, the third house has a double gabled facade with an entry porch that wraps around the left side. A wing on the left side extends into the expansive side yard and is detailed to match the main body of the house.
The bungalow sits atop a low terrace accessed by a tier of steps and a raised walkway. I spot exposed rafter tails in the eaves on the sides of the house as well as beneath the overhang of the porch roof. Most noticeable are stout flared columns atop brick pedestals, supporting the porch roof, and the elaborate and asymmetrical pattern of the panes of glass in the front door, its sidelights and some of its windows.
I could linger but I am eager to see if the aesthetic themes established by the first few houses carry on throughout the collection, so I move past the fourth house (too shady to photograph well) to the fifth, a near-twin of the peach-colored one. Yes, there are minor differences in the pedestals supporting the flared columns (these are stucco and flared themselves, rather than brick and boxy as on the previous house). The glass panes in the sidelights and windows are less richly patterned, and the latticed attic vent in the two gables is more elaborate. But the fundamental bones - the double gabled facade with a wraparound porch on the left - is precisely the same.
The next house - sage green with terra-cotta screen casings and accents - is a perfect example of how minor variations in details can have a dramatic impact on appearance. I realize fairly quickly that I am seeing a variation of the double-gabled/wraparound porch layout as I saw on some of the other houses. But here the wall beneath the lower of the two gables is a three sided bay instead of flat and punctuated by a pair of windows. Arrowhead detailing in the rake boards tracing the outlines of the gables adds to the visual appeal, as does the gable vent. When I look down the side of the house, I see an especially appealing element in the side gable - an attic window flanked by louvered vents, all trimmed with flared millwork.
I find the brightest house on the block as I continue: A brilliant blue bungalow with white trim. No double gables here - a single wide gable spans the full width of the house, its eaves curling up very slightly like a classic flip hair-do. Elements seen earlier in the walk appear again here, but mixed and matched in new combinations. I spot a three-sided bay, weatherboards with mitered corners, deep eaves with exposed rafter tails, and louvered vents in the gable - all familiar but assembled to make a new concoction.
The very first thing I notice about the eighth house is that it is raised a little higher off the ground than its neighbors. I look for signs that the elevation was undertaken after Hurricane Katrina, but don't see any - the extra height seems to be original. The front facing gable on this house has more prominence than on the other houses I visited because of the fact that the side wing is recessed well beyond the plane of the gable, causing it to stand out. Shingles in the gable - in lieu of weather boards - emphasize the gable that much more.
The last house - across from the spot where Mobile Street intersects the west side of the block - is a richly detailed raised basement house that requires Street Walking to appreciate fully - there is just too much shade and vegetation obstructing the view of it to do it justice in a photograph.
Life on the street
I have spent a good bit of time on the block, admiring its houses and their bountiful architectural details. The entire time, a steady stream of cyclists, joggers and dog walkers passes me, coming from both directions. I hear a few screen doors squeaking as residents enter or exit their houses and spot one of them wrestling with a garbage can, trying to corral it.
Near the Fontainebleau intersection, a passel of grown-ups and children are having an impromptu visit on the sidewalk. To allay their concerns about my presence and photographing, I explain myself.
"Snap away," one of the grown-ups says. "We think this place is pretty wonderful too."
R. Stephanie Bruno can be reached at housewatcher@hotmail.com.Financial Times 13,277 / Bradman
Posted by smiffy on 7th January.”
Read the rest of this entry »
Posted in FT | 5 Comments »How can people from Santa Monica prepare for a move?
Choosing a professional mover is the best option when dealing with a relocation task. Moving objects and transporting them imply a series of time consuming procedures. We are all humans and due to stress or lack of knowledge we can easily do mistakes. Also, in our rush we tend to forget where we placed some items and risk to produce a lot of confusion. Tempering the whole process is strongly not recommended. Time means money nowadays and for a family or company that loses production time the consequences will be seen on the budget.
Why a moving company and not some regular people? We usually try to do this by ourselves or with the help of friends. But we forget that they are regular people, with no background or expertise in relocation. What at first was thought a good idea may in fact prove to be more time consuming and hazardous.
If you want a safe, quick and organized relocation do not hesitate to contact a moving company. For those living in Santa Monica or nearby we have good news. Moving companies in Santa Monica are well known for their effectiveness and professionalism. Hiring them will provide a series of important benefits.
First of all you will contract a team of specialists that will do the job in time. They will plan a strategic approach for sorting and packing items. Fragile objects and electronics will be given extra care and they will be labeled accordingly. Movers can also provide logistics: special containers and waterproof boxes, cranes, lockers and trucks for quicker and safer transportation.Local movers can also plot the shortest route and include all the shortcuts they know. Knowing the area helps predict where the traffic can be the most intense and how to synchronize in order not to lose so much time in traffic.
Are you planning relocation soon? If you do, check our company’s website. We provide only high quality moving services and we have a team of dedicated experts. Visit our website! and compare our offers. With our help all the difficult packing and transportation will be more pleasant and faster."7.62x39mm AK47" Handbook
Product #: 416544 Rumpf Outdoor #: B-2974
- Information
This book covers basic firearm assembly/disassembly, safety, proper shooting methods, and parts.
Hogue OverMolded Pistol Grip AK-47, AK-74$17.99 - $23.96
Hogue Handall Universal Slip-On Grip Sleeve Rubber$6.99 - $8.76
Gun Guides Takedown Guide "Glock Pistols" Book$6.49
Gun Guides Takedown Guide "Mosin-Nagant Rifles" Book$6.49
Frankford Arsenal Brass Cleaning Media Corn Cob$12.99 - $31.99List Price: $13.99 - $38.99 Save up to $7.00 (18%)
Magpul PMAG M3 Magazine AR-15 223 Remington$13.25 - $18.95
Magpul Pistol Grip MOE AK-47, AK-74$19.90
Ruger BX-25 Magazine Ruger 10/22 22 Long Rifle 25-Round...$27.99
"Standard Catalog of Smith & Wesson, Third Edition" Book by...$27.99
TAPCO Front Sight Adjustment Tool AK-47, SKS$3.89
Midwest Industries 2-Piece Handguard Quad Rail Yugo Krinkov...$114.95Katherine McGee appears in the following:
FDNY Captain Testifies on Racial Harassment in Department
Tuesday, August 16, 2011
A New York City fire captain testified in Brooklyn federal court that minorities at the agency had often been subjected to racial harassment.
Housing Authority Breaks Down Budget as Threat of Future Cuts Loom
Thursday, June 02, 2011
New York City Housing Authority Chairman John Rhea broke down the fiscal budget during a City Council hearing Thursday — saying the 2011 budget is balanced but the fate of the 2012 budget rests in the hands of Congress.
Homeland Security Secretary Reveals New Terror Alerts
Wednesday, April 20, 2011
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Wednesday that the color-coded terror alert system will be replaced next week by one that features two warnings: imminent and elevated.
Walcott Joins Students for Poem in Your Pocket Day
Thursday, April 14, 2011
Newly approved Schools Chancellor Dennis Walcott joined students from 10 city schools in Bryant Park today to mark the ninth annual Poem in Your Pocket Day, an event to honor April as National Poetry Month.
Ed Koch: My Bridge Is Better Than the GWB
Monday, April 11, 2011
Former Mayor Ed Koch said Monday that his bridge is "better than the George Washington Bridge."
Urban Farm Sprouts in Lower Manhattan
Monday, April 11, 2011
Students and community leaders began planting crops in the first farm located in downtown Manhattan since New Amsterdam was founded on Monday.
Almost 15 Percent of Latina Teens Attempt Suicide: Study
Monday, April 04, 2011
The percentage of Latina high school students in New York City who attempted suicide once or more in 2009 was much higher than the average for all female students, according to statistics recently released by the Center for Disease Control.
Parks Workers Protest Budget Cuts
Thursday, March 31, 2011
Proposed cuts to the city's Parks Department — including scaling back hours of more than 1000 full-time employees — have some local union members up in arms.
Officials Urge Mayor Not to Cut ACS Budget
Friday, March 25, 2011
City lawmakers urged the Bloomberg Administration not to cut staff and funds at the Administration for Children's Services a day after two employees were indicted on charges stemming from the death of a 4-year-old girl.
New Yorkers Can Now Contest Tickets Online
Monday, March 21, 2011
New Yorkers wishing to contest a ticket for parking, health or sanitation code violations no longer have to take their battle to Lower Manhattan. Now, they can go online.
Council Bill Would Rank Banks That Cash in on Community Outreach
Monday, March 07, 2011
Members of the City Council and community groups rallied outside City Hall on Monday in support of proposed legislation that would rank banks based on how much they invest in local neighborhoods.
Shuttering of Brooklyn Pathmark Has Lawmakers Shopping for Affordable Options
Monday, February 21, 2011
The Pathmark grocery store in the Sheepshead Bay section of Brooklyn is closing, and local city lawmakers want to make sure it's replaced by another affordable option.
New Yorkers Take Advantage of Mild Temps
Monday, February 14, 2011
New Yorkers took advantage of warmer temperatures Monday -- and some even did a little spring cleaning.
Down on Wall Street, Not Much Interest in Reading the FCIC Report
Thursday, January 27, 2011:
New Sept. 11 Commemorative Coins a Cheap Imitation, Say Politicians
Monday, January 24, 2011
A 10th anniversary September 11 commemorative coin is siphoning money away from the official memorial at the World Trade Center site and its advertisements are duping customers, two politicians charged Monday.Utility Pocket
#AC3225
The Utility Pocket is designed to fit masks, handheld lights and spools, yet it's expandable design means a low profile pocket that isn't bulky. At 10 inches x 3.75-inches, it expands to 3.5 inches deep when carrying larger items. A Velcro closure keeps items secure while mesh front and sides provide drainage. Unique, overlapping 2-inch belt closure means you can easily don/doff without having to slide it off a harness belt. Simply pull open the closure and remove the pocket, even while still wearing the BCD. Made in the USA..I know you are the people to ask so here goes. I'm rebuilding this RV-6 that I bought this summer, and I thought about painting it myself after reading so many of the other restoration. I teach in an amazing high school that is associated with a Career Center that is identified by the National Research Center for Career and Technical Education as one of the top five secondary career centers in the United States and we have an auto body and collision program. In talking with the instructor today about painting the scope body he wanted to know if the tube could take 140 degrees F temp. At first I thought, "No, it's a type of plastic-Bakelite, but then I began to wonder- "Bakelite is some pretty tough stuff, they made billiard and pool balls out of it, and 140F doesn't seem that hot."
I told him that I knew some people to ask, so what say you?Bashir 'accepts' vote for independence ahead of official results
Latest update : 2011-02-07
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir says he has accepted the likelihood of the south's secession from the north following the referendum. Official results are due later Monday, but early indications show an overwhelming vote for independence.
Date created : 2011-02-07I bet the admissions office won't be busy.
nope, but I have unresolved financial concerns. I want to submit late, but I am worried about potential problems. I may have to suck it up and live on raman for the next few months. I really want to know stats on late applications and their relative success. I should start a post.
Page created in 0.637 seconds with 18 queries.. Prospect Talent Score 6.5 About Prospect Talent Score and Probability of Success» Probability of Success. Talent Analysis. Future Claesson is playing for Binghamton of the AHL for the 2013-14 season. What separates Claesson from the other young Senators defenders is that he is almost exclusively a defender rather than an attacking blueliner. Claesson's success against older competition at a young age is also a plus. Long-term, Claesson projects to being a depth, stay-at-home defenseman after a few more seasons of development.The number of consumers buying energy drinks continues to grow despite a difficult economy, according to Mintel, a leading market research company.
“Energy drinks have quickly become a daily beverage choice,” said Mintel senior new product analyst Krista Faron. “As more people use energy drinks, we’ve seen a rise in products being launched with innovative new ingredients, claims and consumer targets.”
Mintel values the total off-premise energy drink market at $4.8 billion in 2008, exhibiting 440% growth in current prices and 363% growth after measuring for inflation during 2003 to 2008. It forecasts energy drink sales will increase by 63% in current prices and 40% in inflation-adjusted prices from 2008 to 2013.
So what is it about energy drinks that gives the category such explosive growth?
Andrew Baird, vice president of marketing for BP and ampm convenience stores, said smart marketing by manufacturers is the key. As an example, he cited the distinctive packaging and endorsements by leading sports figures for brands like Monster and Unbound.
“When you think about the ampm customer and about the ampm brand, the high-energy feel that Monster generates—through their marketing as well as through their actual drink—fits nicely with what we are about: too much good stuff,” Baird said.
Crowded Cold Vault
Because convenience accounted for 80.8% of energy drinks’ total market sales last year, it’s especially important for c-store retailers to make the best selections from among the myriad energy drinks available from wholesalers and distributors. The fact that energy drinks are the second-priciest nonalcoholic beverages in the market doubles the effect those choices have on retailers’ bottom lines.
Coney Elliot, vice president of marketing at Midland, Texas-based Kent Cos., said that when you look at everything that’s available in the category, the selection is almost overwhelming.
“We really don’t need additional brands, but we’re presented with something new in the energy category probably every two.”
The key to making the best choices is to stay in tune with your customers, Baird observed. “We use our store sales data as well as national syndicated data to define each market’s product assortment,” he said. “In addition to the data, we get feedback from our operations team and, most importantly, from our franchisees who are out there on the front line.”
Coca-Cola is the dominant player in Elliott’s energy-drink market. The pricing leverage the company offers means the more Coca-Cola items a store carries, the better the pricing is going to be. “They have three different pricing levels in our market, and if they have the option to place most of their products in your stores, you get the best pricing,” Elliott said.
If a Coke product doesn’t do well, the beverage company is typically receptive to Elliott’s buying needs. All in all, Kent carries three different Coca-Cola SKUs, a couple of Pepsis, a Dr. Pepper, a few value-priced brands, plus Red Bull and Red Line.
Price Concerns
Even though the category continues to grow, pricing clearly matters more to energy drink consumers now. Indeed, the high price of energy drinks, compared to other non-alcoholic beverages, is the biggest barrier in consumer trial and acceptance, Mintel reported. And although energy drink prices declined 32% to $18.15 per gallon during 2002-07, energy drink prices remain fairly high and represent a 258% premium over fruit juices, the next priciest beverage.
Responding to this trend, Elliott’s company also offers a value-priced energy drink called Rip It, produced by Shasta, which does extremely well, as well as another energy drink called Rush, which is ordered through its grocery distributor.
“We’re bringing in another lower-cost brand because we’ve had so much success with the perceived value brand,” he said. “We’re looking at Old Glory, a brand produced in neighboring Oklahoma we think has a good taste.”
Baird noted that the growth of energy drinks has slowed down partly because of the growth of energy shots, but also
because of the tough economic climate. “We are certainly seeing consumers trading down from the higher retail energy drinks to the less expensive 20-ounce soft drinks,” he said.
Surprisingly, growth in the energy drinks market hasn’t compromised sales of other non-CSD beverages, even those like isotonics, which have been around long enough to seem “old” to some consumers. “Our view is that energy drinks cannibalized sales of other caffeine-based products, in particular soft drinks,” Baird said. “As the economy tightens, though, the pendulum is swinging back and we are seeing some customers shifting from energy drinks back to 20-ounce caffeinated soda.” CSDIndian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is a well-known Hindu nationalist. But on foreign policy, he seems more likely to show his pragmatic side.
Latest articles
China's increased military spending might not preclude its "peaceful rise," but Beijing isn't inspiring any confidence among its neighbors.
Ukraine is in the throes of a human rights crisis, with serious violations on both sides.
Obama’s foreign policy legacy will not be secured unless he addresses head-on the belief that we have the power to achieve our objectives by threats, intimidation, and coercion.
For."
How a former child laborer became a union organizer for Bangladesh's garment workers.
The South Korean government is now bearing the brunt of the public’s wrath over the Sewol ferry tragedy.
Apple and other big manufacturers must swap less-deadly chemicals for the cancerous ones poisoning their Chinese workers.
Uruguay's president has put the country on the map as one of the world’s most exciting experiments in creative, progressive governance.Can you ever really leave your past behind? They grew up together in Boston's tough South Boston neighborhood, and then, years later, childhood friends Whitey Bulger and John Connolly met up again. Whitey had become a leader in the Irish Mob and John was rising in the ranks of the FBI. Boston Globe reporters Dick Lehr and Gerard O'Neill explore the deal that they say was struck between these two men – an agreement that quickly got out of hand.#72Neighborhood popularity:based on Naked Apartments searches
Building Mix
- 44% Pre War
- 16% Elevator Building
- 12% Elevator/Laundry Building
- 12% Walk-Up
- 3% Post War
Short walking distance to the Q train and S shuttle, so that means mere minutes from Manhattan. Cafes, quaint little coffee shops with punny names, restaurants and nightlife. Shatda Shekem (Aug 2014)
Enjoy your brand new kitchen and bathroom in this pre-war walk up building. Close to the 2/5/Q trains. Konstantin Pokras (Feb 2014)Wednesday, January 11, 2012
Press Release: Carnegie Mellon Alum Charles Geschke Endows Directorship of Human-Computer Interaction Institute
Software Industry Pioneer Co-founded Adobe Systems
Contact: Byron Spice / 412-268-9068 / bspice@cs.cmu.edu
PITTSBURGH—Charles M. Geschke, co-founder of Adobe Systems Inc., and his wife, Nancy, have endowed the directorship of the Human-Computer Interaction Institute (HCII) in Carnegie Mellon University’s School of Computer Science (SCS). Mr. Geschke earned his Ph.D. in computer science at Carnegie Mellon in 1973.
The HCII, established in 1994, is a department dedicated to research and education in topics related to computer technology in support of human activity and society. Under the terms of the new endowment, current director Justine Cassell and each succeeding director will receive automatic appointments as the Charles M. Geschke Director of the Human-Computer Interaction Institute.
“This title is particularly meaningful to me because Chuck Geschke is a pioneering technology leader who thinks deeply about, and believes in, the power of technology to improve lives,” Cassell said. “His professional contributions have transformed information sharing and his personal philanthropy has opened up the world of education to young people who might not otherwise have had access. It is an honor to have the Geschke name permanently affiliated with the HCII.”
Geschke co-founded Adobe Systems in 1982 with John Warnock, creating software that helped launch the desktop publishing revolution and establishing a company that remains a leader in software and technologies for communications and collaboration. He retired as president in 2000, but he and Warnock continue to share chairmanship of the Adobe board.
An influential leader in the software industry for more than 35 years, Geschke is the recipient of many honors, including the 2010 Marconi Prize, the equivalent of the Nobel Prize for the field of information technology. In 2008, he was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and in 2009 President Barack Obama awarded him the National Medal of Technology and Innovation.
“Chuck Geschke has been a model alumnus,” said Randal E. Bryant, SCS dean. “His early work on desktop publishing made it possible for everyone to produce documents with visual quality that previously required printing professionals. His company’s image manipulation program became a verb: ‘to Photoshop.’ His company has also been a model to the entire world of quality, innovation and integrity. Through all of this, he has kept in close contact over the years, providing us with valuable advice and encouragement.”
“One of the most important ingredients for success in my life has been the quality of the education I received at Carnegie Mellon; the network of people I developed there was critically important to me,” Geschke said. “I admire what Carnegie Mellon does and am pleased to support the Human-Computer Interaction Institute. The way people relate to technology has a great impact on their lives, so it seems to me that research in human-computer interaction is a natural place where CMU can innovate.”
The HCII explores such topics as technology design and usability, educational technologies, and research on how people work, play and communicate. Though part of the School of Computer Science, HCII also hires faculty and trains students in the areas of design, cognitive science, social psychology and other areas across the disciplines, which accounts for the HCII’s world-class reputation for interdisciplinarity.
Carnegie Mellon faculty have been leaders in human-computer interaction since the late 1960s and continue to be among the most influential researchers in the field. HCII’s Ph.D. program in human-computer interaction was the world’s first.
###
Pictured above are Charles and Nancy Geschke.- Filed Under
WASHINGTON — Militant groups in Afghanistan could still obtain U.S. government contracts and siphon off American taxpayer dollars because administrative flaws and misunderstandings are hampering a law aimed at weeding out corruption, a top auditor warned Thursday.
The special inspector general for Afghan reconstruction, John F. Sopko, said weaknesses mar procedures that the Defense Department tightened in 2012 to comply with a new federal law aimed at preventing militants from obtaining U.S. contract payments. Sopko said nearly $2 billion in government contracts was awarded in 2012, but he did not identify how much money was in jeopardy.
The U.S. military has estimated that up to $360 million ended up in the hands of Taliban and criminal elements in Afghanistan over the past decade, according to a 2012 Associated Press report.
Sopko said his new audit detected flaws in a provision that Congress added last year to a defense authorization bill. The provision gave the Defense Department the authority to "restrict, terminate or void" any contracts with individuals or organizations opposing U.S. or coalition forces in Afghanistan.
Sopko said his audit found that language in some contracts did not contain the new provision, which is legally necessary to sever any contracts unwittingly given to militants. Sopko said that in some cases, military contracting authorities were not given up-to-date lists of militants and their supporters, preventing them from voiding ineligible contracts.
In testimony Wednesday before a House committee, Sopko also said that in one instance, Army officials ignored classified information that would have enabled them to void contracts obtained by Afghan militants and sympathizers. During testimony before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Sopko said Army officials failed to debar contractors "affiliated with the Haqqani network, the Taliban and/or al-Qaida" because they ignored documents that had been made available to them in a room designated for classified material.
"They apparently did not read — did not take the time to walk 150 feet to a classified skiff to read the classified appendices," Sopko said. "I took the time. I went to the skiff. I read them."
Sopko said that when he urged Army officials to void deals with those Afghan contractors, the officials refused. "So it's probably easier to use a drone strike than it is to stop somebody from contracting with the U.S. government," he said. Sopko said he has since provided the committee with the list of the suspect contractors.
In the audit, Sopko urged Congress to tighten the law further. One change he suggested was to eliminate a $100,000 threshold that prevents lesser contracts from being covered by the anti-militant provisions. Sopko also said the provision only affects Defense Department contracts but should be expanded to contracts overseen by the State Department, the U.S. Agency for International Development and other government departments working in Afghanistan.
Sopko also warned the Pentagon that it needed to develop a standard process for tracking suspect contractors and notifying contracting officials and contractors about suspect contractors and their obligations under the law.
Answers by RallyPoint
Join trending discussions in the military's #1 professional community. See what members like yourself have to say from across the DoD.FCC Chair Speaks Out Against DTV Transition Delay
Replying to: I feel bad, But? by Versed
Re: I feel bad, But?
Given the FCC has bombarded us with ads in every conceivable location for the past 18 months and EVERY electronics retailer has been pretty clear on this, I'm trying to think of who could possibly be in the dark about this. Even my post office has messages scattered all over the place.
Replies
- Re: I feel bad, But? by Fear The Cubans suggest that the only books that influence us are those for which we are ready, and which have gone a little farther down our particular path than we have yet got ourselves."
E. M. Forster
see all...
The Fundamentals of Feng Shui
by lillian Too | Other
Registered by MarJac of Gymea, New South Wales Australia on Tuesday, March 20, 2012
1 journaler for this copy...
Journal Entry 1 by MarJac from Gymea, New South Wales Australia on Tuesday, March 20, 2012
A very interesting and informative book to read.
Are you sure you want to delete this item? It cannot be undone.Upload Photo
Caption / Share
Macklemore and Ryan Lewis open the Grammy Nominations Concert Live! with a performance of their hit Thrift Shop at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live in Los Angeles. (Dec. 6, 2013)(Credit: AP)1 of 11
Grammy nominations concert 2013
See photos from the Grammy nominations concert, as LL Cool J hosts and Katy Perry, Taylor Swift, Macklemore & Ryan Lewis and more artists perform from around the world, while the nominees for 2014 are revealed.
None
None
None
Argument of Robert W. Willmott Jr.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: We will hear arguments next in 5761 Simpson v. The United States and 5796, the consolidated case.
Mr. Willmott you may proceed when you are ready.
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Mr. Chief Justice and May it please the Court.
The question that I present to the court today is whether or not an individual can be charged, convicted and sentenced under the aggravated bank robbery statute 18, 2113 (d) and additionally charged, convicted and sentenced under 924 (c)(1) for using a firearm during the commission of the felony.
The tenure of our argument has changed somewhat from a double jeopardy question to a question of multiplicity or duplicity, but I still think that the dictates of the Blockburger case are applicable in that you we must show that each offense requires proof of an element that the other does not and it has been our contention since the inception of this case that in order to sustain a conviction under 924 (c)(1) that all of the elements under 2113 (d) must be proven.
Now, the Fourth and Fifth Circuit, and the Sixth Circuit in following the Fourth and the Fifth Circuit in their opinion in the lower court stated that they thought there was a difference in proof of the elements and they base their decision on the language contained in 2113 wherein the government is required to prove that an individual's life was endangered by the use of a dangerous weapon or device and that a dangerous weapon or device was not always a firearm and it is my contention that in getting to the elements in 2113 (d) that you have to prove every single one of them to prove that the felony in 924 (c) was committed and that you cannot sit back and judge the facts of each case in a vacuum.
You have to look at the weapon that was used, and when a firearm or a handgun is used, it fits both in 2113 (d) and 924 (c).
Justice William H. Rehnquist: Well when you say the Blockburger test is not one where you compare the statute, but where you simply compare the evidence in each particular case?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: No, I think the test is set down in Blockburger, is that you compare the statutes.
Justice William H. Rehnquist: Well, then I do not see how you can advance the proposition that you compare the weapon involved in each particular case because here clearly a dangerous weapon or a device includes other things than a firearm?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: That is correct, but I do say that you have to look at the factual elements in Fifth Amendment of the statute.
You have to draw the statutes sufficiently broad to encompass all the factual situations that may occur, but I do not think that in viewing 924 (c) as opposed to 2113 (d), you can just say, suppose something else was used.
Justice William H. Rehnquist: Well, then it is a case by case, exhibit by exhibit test so far as your concern?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: I believe that, that interpretation can be used and should be used in a case where the facts do not really fit in either one of them.
Justice Potter Stewart: Well, your submission is as I understood it that whenever the weapon is a firearm then these charges are necessarily duplicities?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Yes, Your Honor, that is exactly my position.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: But if, that were a hand grenade?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Well, then I do not think you could prosecute under 924 (c) because that specifically has to be a firearm.
I do think that the legislators in drafting 2113 (d) had to have thought that the most common weapon or dangerous weapon or device to be used would be a handgun, or firearm, or rifle, or shotgun, something that would be encompassed by 924 (c).
I think that we see it on TV and we read about it occasionally that other weapons are used to rob banks and usually they are more dangerous than a firearm.
Justice Potter Stewart: But it is only when the firearms involved that this question could ever arise because that is the only time that 924 (c) is involved?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: That is correct.
Justice Potter Stewart: That is your point, is it not?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: That is exactly my point.
Justice William H. Rehnquist: My brother Stewart asked you a question a moment ago which I am sure he knew the meaning of it and which you doubtless know the meaning of it, which I think I did not understand the meaning of one of the words and that is that the indictment is necessarily duplicities this.
What does that mean?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Well, I think --
Justice William H. Rehnquist: If you know (Voice Overlap) I think may be I used the wrong word?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Well, I think it is duplicities or multiplicities.
Justice William H. Rehnquist: What does that mean?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: That they are charging two distinct crimes out of the same offense.
Justice William H. Rehnquist: And what is the objection to that, Blockburger?
Justice Potter Stewart: Well, in delinquency United States case is like that.
Justice William H. Rehnquist: Any other objections?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: I think I stated it simply to the District Court and again in same scenario that they have charged the petitioners here with robbing a bank using a gun, and using a gun to rob a bank, and I think that is duplicitous.
I think you can adopt the lesser included offense arguments and saying that the elements in manslaughter are the same as murder, but you ought to be required to go one way with the other.
I think in looking at the legislative history, United States has said that you should not put much weight on Representative Poff's comments, he was the sponsor of the 924 (c) amendment and I guess my case rests on the part of his comments in legislative history wherein he says, it should be noted for legislative history that my amendment is not to apply and he named several additional statutes in addition to the 2113 (d) statute.
Justice William H. Rehnquist: Where was that statement by Representative Poff made to constitute, do you know it was on the floor --?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: I believe its during the floor debates.
Justice William H. Rehnquist: During the floor debate?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: And there was as pointed out in Counsel for the Government's brief and abrupt cessation of talking about that amendment or that part of it.
They just want to write on to another part of it.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: Is there any kind of a weapon or any kind of a dangerous device that could be used in your view that would be sustainable with convictions under both Sections as you have here.
That is, you are arguing that when it is a firearm or pistol for example, they cannot be two.
Is there any kind of a weapon or device that would warrant the conviction under both Sections?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Mr. Chief Justice I do not believe if there is. I believe that Congress provided the enhanced penalty under 2113 (d) if any sort of weapon, dangerous weapon or device was used and endangered anybody's life and I think that 924 (c) was enacted in response to the growing concern for the use of firearm specifically in committing crimes and I have to agree with Representative Poff's comments that it was not intended to be used in cases where there was already an enhanced punishment provided.
Since the time of submission of our briefs, I was sent a copy of letter written from the Department of Justice to United States Attorney in Maryland Mr. I believe it is Beal (Ph) wherein the Department of Justice said, “It was their policy not to prosecute on the 924 (c) charge when the defensible offense was a 2113 (d) charge” and they cited the general principle of law that when a specific statute and a general statute are involved in the same set of facts that the general statute should be used, and additionally they cited Representative Poff's comments.
Now, I think that the legislative history in enacting these statutes should be considered in cases where the statement that Congress' best means what it says has to be looked at when you cannot really determine what Congress says.
In a case of this nature where the government is arguing that they do not mean what they say and that you should not listen to Representative Poff's comments and the fact that you do have what on its face is a conflict, that this Court has to use the tools that are available to it to determine exactly what they did mean and as I have stated before I think that they have created an absurdity and they could carry it one step father by saying that whoever uses a Saturday night special which costs less than $50, shall be guilty of an additional offense and I think that would follow in line with the logic that has been used in allowing a 924 (c) charge to be tacked on to a 2113 (d) charge and basically I rest my case on Representative Poff's comments and the absurdity that is committed when you let a person be charged with robbing a bank using a gun, and using a gun to rob a bank.
Unknown Speaker: What the indictment had been on the, that this what 924 (c)(1)?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Yes, Your Honor.
Unknown Speaker: What is the indictment under (c)(2)?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Well, that was the case I believe in the Crew case where the Fourth Circuit said that that was perfectly acceptable.
Unknown Speaker: And do you agree with that?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: No, Your Honor I do not.
Unknown Speaker: Well, because under the 2113 you have to put someone's life in jeopardy?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Your Honor and I think that is conditioned on using the gun, it says “by the use of a dangerous weapon or device” and I think that when you use a dangerous weapon or device, you automatically put somebody's life in danger.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: When you use it or --?
Unknown Speaker: Well, when you have 924 (c) it says carries a firearm?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: The two charge?
Unknown Speaker: Yes.
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Well, that if you --
Unknown Speaker: You do not have to use it when you are robbing the bank?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: I can see the circumstance where it would be safe in your pocket, then I do not think they could charge him under 2113 (d) and I think there is a further fact in this case is that the indictment itself specify that the dangerous weapon or device was a handgun under the 2113 (d) charge and then specified that the firearm was a handgun under the 924 (c) charge and so that they moved any possible distinction or difference between the two in each statute.
Unknown Speaker: Mr. Willmott do I understand from your comment before my brother White's question that absent Congressman Poff's comment, you would not be here?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: No, Your Honor, I say that I rely heavily --
Unknown Speaker: You say that here basically on it and I wanted to be sure of your status?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: No, Your Honor, I do rely heavily on it and we were not aware of Congressman Poff's comments until the decision in the Eagle case came down, and --
Unknown Speaker: In other words if the Congressman had not made his statement you would be here anyway?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Yes, Your Honor.
Unknown Speaker: And then you would rely on what?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Our argument that it is duplicities and possibly places a person in double jeopardy, but trying him twice for the same offense at the same time.
Unknown Speaker: Do you feel the Eighth Circuit case in Eagles essentially at odds with this case or is it rather a --?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: I think it is --
Unknown Speaker: Collateral (Voice Overlap)?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: It is all our force with this case.
Thank you.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: Mr. Farr.
Argument of H. Bartow Farr Iii
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Mr. Chief Justice and May it please the Court.
Within the two month period in the fall of 1975, petitioners in this case robbed two banks in Middlesboro, Kentucky.
They carried and used firearms in the commission of each robbery and while attempting to escape from the second robbery, engaged in an extensive gunfire with the police.
Petitioners' conduct quite plainly violated several provisions of federal law and the juries in both cases so found.
In each instance, petitioners were convicted under 18 U.S.C. 2113 (a) which makes it a felony to rob a federal bank and under 18 U.S.C. 2113 (d) which provides an increased penalty for anyone who are robbing a federal bank in the words of the statute, assaults any person or puts in jeopardy the life of any person by the use of a dangerous weapon or device.
Petitioners were also convicted under 18 U.S.C. 924 (c)(1), a part of the Gun Control Act of 1968, which provides an additional term of imprisonment for anyone who in the words of that statute, uses a firearm to commit any felony for which he may be prosecuted in a court of the United States.
The trial judge sentenced petitioners to the maximum terms of imprisonment allowed for each crime, 25 years for each offense under Section 2113 (d), and another 10 years for each offense under Section 924 (c), all sentences to be served consecutively.
Petitioners have attacked their sentences on the ground that 924 (c) while seeming on its face to apply to any federal felony is not available to punish bank robbers who who used the firearms as makes the absurdity to punishment under Section 2113 (d) as well.
They rely for this proposition on a statement by Congressman Poff who sponsored Section 924 (c) on the house floor that this bill was not intended to apply to various federal offenses of which bank robbery under Section 2113 is one.
This argument in our view raises two questions.
First, did Congress intend Section 924 (c) apply to bank robbers, simultaneously subject to conviction under Section 2113 (d) and if Congress did so intend, secondly does the Double Jeopardy Clause in anyway prohibit that result.
For reasons we shall discuss in a moment, I believe that the intent of Congress to punish for both offenses is evident from the statute itself and from the way to the legislative history.
We furthermore believe that the Double Jeopardy Clause is not prohibited from doing so.
Looking at the language of Section 924(c), we did not perceive any serious question about the meaning of the statute on its face.
Indeed we do not understand petitioners today to say anything to the contrary.
While its terms it applies to any felony for which a person may be prosecuted in a court of the United States, the definition they claim includes all degrees of bank robbery and this case when argued before this Court 50 or 75 years ago, that clear language would likely have been not the starting, but the stop in place for an inquiry into congressional intent.
The Court entered the rigid and vulnerable dictates to the 'plain meaning' rule.
Although, that rule no longer commands absolute allegiance, even today we think that the language of a statute must remain the most secured evidence of the legislative intent.
As Justice Jackson stated, it is the business of Congress to sum up its own debates in its legislation and where Congress is unable to do so clearly --
Justice Potter Stewart: Mr. Farr can I interrupt, supposing a man was indicted for violating 924 (c)(2) carrying a firearm, could he for the same transaction also be indicted for violating 924 (c)(1)?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That is the situation that came up in the Crew case Your Honor and the Fourth Circuit held he could not.
Justice Potter Stewart: Well, would you think that decision is right?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I think in terms of whether he could be indicted, it perhaps may not be right, but I think he could not properly be convicted and consecutively sentenced for both the violation of (c)(1) and (c)(2).
I think it might be permissible indictments so that you can see what do show --
Justice Potter Stewart: But don't those two Sections have an element, the other does not?
One, he has to carry it and other he has to use it and I suppose you could use it without carrying it?
If you give someone else orders to shoot or something like that?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, I think that even if that were true that there is no evidence that Congress intended in fact to get at the situation where you are carrying one yourself and also --
Justice Potter Stewart: But what other than the lateral language of the statute, I mean, then you are not relying on the lateral language, what evidence is that the Congress intended to get a 2113 (d)?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, I think we are not necessarily relying, we are not suggesting that you could rely only on the language of 924 (c) in order to support this.
In fact, we agree that one of the situations which Congressman Poff posed which would be other offenses set forth under Gun Control Act of 1968 itself, might be situations in which the Congressional intent was really not to impose punishment for 924 (c) and perhaps purchasing a gun.
In other words, offenses that cannot be committed without a gun in the first place. However, we do not reach at that conclusion by reliance on what Congressman Poff said directly, but by the fact that what it seems to lead if somewhat awkward result to the fact that it does seem to go beyond the Congressional purpose in this case which is to attach some additional penalty.
So we are doing it really by a construction of the statute in light of its overall purpose and the evils of which it was directed not simply by relying on one's statement by the sponsor's of the Bill.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: Is there any place to show how many bank robberies are made with non lethal weapons?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I do not have any statistics on that.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: Have you ever heard of them?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, I think its possible to, you say non lethal weapons meaning not a firearm?
Justice Thurgood Marshall: Non lethal -- not those mentioned in this statute, pin it down?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: In that by 924 (c).
Well, I think that there probably are some bank robberies that are committed with knives or with some sort of blunt instruments, but I would think the majority of them would be committed with a firearm, but I also should point out the thing --
Justice Thurgood Marshall: How does that cut the --
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Pardon me?
Justice Thurgood Marshall: Does that help or hurt you?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: As far as I concerned it is, it does not necessarily make any difference, it seems to me that --
Justice Thurgood Marshall: In fact the Congress meant to put an additional penalty on robberies that were normally going on?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I think Congress meant --
Justice Thurgood Marshall: They could have just changed the statute?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I think Congress meant to put an additional penalty on any crime that was committed with a firearm.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: Well, then it seems to me that if they wanted to put it on the bank robbery, they could have raised it, could they not?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: They could in fact have done that.
They could have gone through the United States Code and added an additional penalty to every single offense that was in it.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: In term of bank robbery?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: They could have done it with bank robbery and they could have done with any other offense.
What they did instead and our belief is that it passed a single statute that applied to any felony, and therefore, just did it in one piece of legislation rather than numerous pieces, but they could have done the way you have suggested, I agree.
Returning for a moment to discussion of the 'plain meaning' rule, I was about to suggest that where Congress has not been able to state its meaning clearly in a statute, but whereby reading the statute in connection with the Congressional purpose, it obviously leads to awkward results, or indeed where the subject to the legislation is so complex that Congress cannot reasonably foresee and provide for all matters that will ultimately arise, some relaxation of the 'plain meaning' rule was inevitably necessary.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: Then I suggest that can he as “is not awkward,” this is more than an awkward result, this is 10 years of the man's life?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, I am not suggesting that this is an awkward result Mr. Justice Marshall.
I think that in this particular case that the Congress is aiming to impose what is not an awkward result, but a reasonable result on people who use guns to commit crimes.
Where however as we believe it is true in this case, the objects of the legislation are not complex the language is straightforward and the results of adherence to the language of the statute, or equally as reasonable if not more so than the results of departure from it, then it seems that the Court should exercise great caution when it proceeds past the language of the statute to the legislative history, and therefore, we believe it is very important to examine carefully the legislative history, essentially Congressman Poff's statement, the petitioners in this case find so compelling and to give it a proper place in the context, the passage of the Gun Control Act of 1968.
This perhaps will direct more to Mr. Justice Marshall's question about what Congress intended to do in these situations.
We think its first appropriate in doing that to examine the purpose of the Gun Control Act itself.
In this context, there can be a little doubt that about the evils which prompted enactment of the Gun Control Act, the problem simply put was guns.
The Presidential Commission report published in February 1967, and considered by Congress in connection with the passage of several bills had set forth alarming figures on the use of guns to commit crimes.
Figures that had worsened by the end of that year.
For example the House Report on the Gun Control Act show that in the 13 months ending in September 1967, 50,000 people had been murdered or assaulted with guns and similar the number of robberies including bank robberies with guns had taken place.
The Senate Report using figures for all of the 1967 showed over 60,000 murders and assaults and over 70,000 robberies all committed with guns, an average of 150 armed assaults and 190 armed robberies each day.
The House Report accompanying its version of the Gun Control Bill stated plainly that no civilized society can ignore the malignancy, which this senseless slaughter reflects.
You might also note that this concern was not confined to the Congress itself.
The assassinations of Robert Kennedy and of Martin Luther King had mobilized public support for greater controls on firearms as well.
Indeed Senator Davidson (Ph) indicated that in one month alone he received over 100,000 letters favoring gun registration.
The overriding purpose of the Act therefore was to take strong majors to inhibit the use of firearms in serious crimes and those majors took two principle forms.
First, greater federal controls over the sale and shipment of guns, provisions that are not an issue in this case.
Unknown Speaker: Mr. Farr, can I just interrupt with another question?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Yes, Mr. Justice.
Unknown Speaker: What would you describe as the purpose of Section 2113 (d)?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I would think that the purpose of 2113 (d) is to deter bank robbers from using dangerous weapons in connection with that, not only bank robbers, but people committing any crime under 2113 (a) and (b) which includes larceny and attempts to commit crime.
Unknown Speaker: But to the extent that the most commonly used dangerous weapon in bank robberies is gun, the purpose is identical then, is it not?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, I think the purpose is identical if you assume that there is no purpose to add increased deterrence to something true and I think that the statistics show that the most commonly used weapon to commit murder is also a gun, but this I do not think anybody would dispute that because the statute would also add a penalty to that crime, that it should be read not to include coverage of murder.
The second measure that the Congress used to attack, increase crime by use of guns was simply increasing the penalties for the use of the firearms in serious crimes.
We do think it is significant. Every Court of Appeals that has placed principle emphasis on the language in purpose of Section 924 (c) has concluded that it is available to convict and punish bank robbers also subject to punishment under Section 2113 (d).
In addition to the Sixth Circuit in this case, the Second Circuit, Fourth Circuit, and Fifth Circuit have so decided.
Unknown Speaker: Mr. Farr, undoubtedly, perhaps as in this case or perhaps not, there will be instances where the facts of the crime, where the facts necessary to prove the crime under 2113 will be the identical facts which would be used to prove the crime under 924 (c) to use a gun to rob a bank and put somebody's life in jeopardy, you are going to violate both Sections?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That is correct and in fact this is a --
Unknown Speaker: And so that in the particular instance you do not have to prove any different facts to violate one Section as compared with the other?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That is correct, but I think that, that is coincidental rather than something that derives directly from the requirements of the statute itself.
Unknown Speaker: It may be, but how about double jeopardy?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, I think that the court said in Iannelli, if each statute requires a different element and the other does.
Unknown Speaker: Well, it does in this case.
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: The statute does, the statute requires proof of different elements --
Unknown Speaker: Not in this case to violate the statute, you do not have to prove any different facts.
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, it seems to me that in order to prove, you have to prove certain different facts --
Unknown Speaker: In other instances there --
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: In order to prove a violation of the statute.
The fact that you are able to prove them by the same evidence, does not seem to me to put you on double jeopardy.
Unknown Speaker: But you just do not have to prove any different facts in a situation that I posed to you.
In other instances you will have a crime under one that is in the crime on to the other, but in this instance the same facts prove a violation of both statutes?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, as I said it seems to me that, that there are situations.
We are not suggesting that they will not be situations where the proof does not overlap, but it does not seem to me that that it was --
Unknown Speaker: Do they overlap in this case?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: The proof does overlap in this case.
There is no question about that.
These people took a gun.
The petitioners brought guns into the bank, used to them to assault people while they were robbing the bank.
Unknown Speaker: And you think is it enough Mr. Farr to put a man, a person's life in jeopardy in robbing a bank to point the gun at somebody.
Just as you say, if you have used the gun to commit the bank robbery have you put a person's life in jeopardy?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, it seems to me, if you are using the gun, if you are directing the gun at people, yes.
I do not think that it is absolutely sensible.
Unknown Speaker: Well, how do you use it otherwise?
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: What other purpose does the bank robber have, having the gun, except --?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Oh! Assuming there are several --
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: Make people believe that their lives are in jeopardy?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I assume that there are several reasons that he could be carrying a gun, whether he is going to use it or not.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: I asked you about using it?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: In connection with using it, I suppose it is possible for him to use a gun for instance to shoot open the door of the bank to break the glass.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: Well, does not he use it when he carries it in his hand, walking in the bank, is he not using it for the bank robbery?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: In that case, certainly --
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: He does not have to pull the trigger -
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: My understanding of Justice White's question is that there are possible cases in which he could be carrying it and in which he would be not using it.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: But how could he carry it without using it?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, to begin he could carry it in this pocket, but that would violation of Section (c)(2) not (c)(1).
Unknown Speaker: Well, I am just suggesting to you that even on the language of the statute it is plain that there will be all sorts of instances where the proof is identical?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I think that is correct.
I think that there will be numerous instances in which the proof is identical.
Well, in fact there will be instances in which the proof is not identical.
Unknown Speaker: Let me ask you this, in a charge of violation of 2113(d), where the dangerous weapon or device is a firearm, loaded always inevitably, universally also include the same identical proof as necessary to prove the violation of 18 U.S.C., 924(c)(1) always, inevitably and universally?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I think in the majority of cases it will.
I am not sure that --
Unknown Speaker: When possibly could it not?
When the (Voice Overlap)
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: What seems to me is possible to use a gun in attempting to commit for instance a crime under the part of 2113 (a) which requires --
Unknown Speaker: Requires more than just use of the gun, but it always does require use of the gun?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: It does require use of the gun.
Unknown Speaker: And requires use plus other things and 924 (c)(1) requires use?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: However, it requires use of the gun in a bank robbery.
Unknown Speaker: Yes, as I say use of a gun plus other elements.
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Possibly, that is right.
Unknown Speaker: But use of the gun as a single element in 924 (c)(1)?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That is right, but of course 21 --
Unknown Speaker: So that evidence will always going to include it?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, if the statute said, if 2113 (d) said, whoever puts anybody's life in jeopardy by the use of a firearm --
Unknown Speaker: Well, I say whenever the weapon is a firearm?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That in fact would be a different case --
Unknown Speaker: Always going to do it --
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: But the statute of course does not --
Unknown Speaker: Inevitably and universally?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Right.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: What about the argument that had made that Congress could now pay us one and said if you use an automatic, it's a third one?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: It does not seem to me that if Congress is able to pass the statute where the terms of the statute require proof of different elements it seems to me that they are permitted to do that under the Double Jeopardy Clause.
It does not strike me that the statute is positing – no, it does not.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: It goes on and on.
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: It does not strike me that the statute here positing would in fact, it would be a different element in terms of that statute would have an additional element that the 924 (c) does, but not sure what 924 (c) would have.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: That it was an automatic?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That it was an automatic.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: I suppose as it is in working condition, it says the gun that is in working condition?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That would be an additional requirement that 924 (c) does not have, but that statute does not have --
Justice Thurgood Marshall: But suppose it says that the person assumed it was loaded?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Which person assumed that it was loaded?
Justice Thurgood Marshall: The people in the bank?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, in other words you can keep on spinning examples Mr. Justice Marshall.
It will add elements --
Justice Thurgood Marshall: Well, as for me --
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: To a particular crime.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: What I am trying to tell you that I want to spin with the first one?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: But the fact is, that the fact that crime contains an element that the first crime did not, does not meant that the reverse is true --
Justice Thurgood Marshall: But what am I trying to exercise is --
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: And that is what the double jeopardy clause is --
Justice Thurgood Marshall: That in this one it is identical.
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: It is identical if 2113 (d) said, if 2113 (d) required that the weapon be a firearm it seems to me it would be a different case.
The fact that it may be a firearm --
Justice Byron R. White: But in this case it ism there was a firearm so you do not have to theorize --
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: In this case it was.
Justice Byron R. White: Where the weapon or device used under 2113 (d) is a firearm, proof of the violation inevitably includes the single element of 924 (c)(1)?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That is correct, but I do not --
Unknown Speaker: 924 (c) will.
Justice Byron R. White: Probably.
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, except to that has to be carried unlawfully, so it is not necessarily true, but it seems to me --
Unknown Speaker: And if you prove that a robbery of the bank? If that is unlawful, I do not know what it is.
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I am not sure that makes to carrying of the firearm.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: Does it mean to imply that if he had a license for the firearm, that would give him some immunity nothing under that one Section?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That would certainly remove one of the possible ways in which the carrying would be unlawful.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: That is what Mr. Justice White suggests, if he is carrying a gun in a bank in the course of a bank robbery, does not the unlawful aspect change everything?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, I think that is part of what we are trying to find out in this case.
Unknown Speaker: There is something that you have not answered Mr. Justice Stewart yet why that (c)(1) would not be included in the bank robbery crime and anytime it is a gun that he uses?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, anytime that it is a gun, I mean, if you take a situation and posit all the facts to being identical or even posit some of them as being identical, you can make the statute is dovetail. The fact is that the statutes do not have to dovetail.
It seems to me the question that Congress is entitled to define crimes differently and still remain flexible under the Double Jeopardy Clause, even though the elements of proof may substantially overlap and in fact it seems that the Court said that in Iannelli.
Unknown Speaker: Mr. Farr could I ask it from the other point of view?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Yes, Mr. Justice --
Unknown Speaker: You stress the fact that use of a firearm is an element in 924 (c), putting life in jeopardy is the element in 2113 (d).
The elements are different, therefore, even though the Act is the same, there are two different offenses, but is it possible that one could use a firearm and that fact be brought before the jury and that, that fact itself is sufficient proof of putting a life in jeopardy so there really is no difference between the two elements?
Would it not be a sufficient, an instruction of the jury on the issue of when does the man's life is put, when is someone's life is put in jeopardy, would the judge not be correct in instructing a jury that merely evidence showing that a firearm has been used is sufficient to establish that kind of jeopardy that 2113 (d) (Voice Overlap)?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I do not think necessarily, I do not think that the fact --
Unknown Speaker: You do not think that during the commission of a bank robbery?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, it depends, I mean, it depends on what the facts of the robbery were.
Unknown Speaker: You do not think that you have to fire the firearm, do you?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Pardon me?
Unknown Speaker: You are contending a 2113 (d) requires the firearm to be fired?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: No, we are not contending that.
Unknown Speaker: Just has to be used during the --?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That is correct, but it does --
Unknown Speaker: To put someone's life in jeopardy and as soon as it is used someone's life is in jeopardy and also you have established the element in 924 (c)?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Again, I think in most cases that will be true, but I do not think that it is --
Unknown Speaker: But when would it not be true?
That you use a firearm in a bank robbery without putting anyone's life in jeopardy within the meaning of that --?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: What seems to me if you have to use -- what is perhaps a strange example, but I think one is legitimate under the facts if he used a firearm to shoot open the door to a bank and broke in and (Voice Overlap)
Unknown Speaker: And you do not think evidence of that could be taken as sufficient to show jeopardy to life?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Not, if there was nobody in the bank, no.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: A Blockburger case was not double jeopardy case, was it?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: The Blockburger case was not a double jeopardy case.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: But it has been used in subsequent double jeopardy --
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: But it seems to me for instance in Gore (ph) that it was used, clearly they used the same sort of arguments to deal with it in a double jeopardy context in Brown v. Ohio last year.
It seems to me the court quite finally stated that that was the test, but I think in speaking of Gore (Ph), it seems to me that that provides a different way of looking at the statute.
It seems to me that the Congress is free in defining crimes and fixing punishments to pass the statute that says if you rob a bank, you face a maximum penalty of 20 years.
If you use a dangerous in the course of that 25 years, and if that weapon is a gun 35 years is the maximum penalty, and it does not seem to me that the effects of this statute are necessarily any different than that one.
Justice Potter Stewart: What about this communication we were told about from the Justice Department to the US attorney?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Mr. Justice Stewart, I am unaware of that letter and we did not get a copy of it from petitioners and --
Justice Potter Stewart: Have you been supplied with a copy of it?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I am sorry.
Justice Potter Stewart: As a member of the court, you have been supplied with copies of it?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: No, no.
Justice Potter Stewart: As soon when counsel referred to that that it was something that had been made available, if not, it certainly should be if any reliance is placed on it?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: It is something that has not been made available to me and I understand from what petitioners’ counsel said this afternoon about it, that it is a policy statement by the Department of Justice which --
Justice Potter Stewart: You might be interested in seeing if it, or either seeing it or having forget that there is no such thing?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: And I will, if I can have a copy of it from petitioners’ counsel, if tell me, I will track it down and I will find out what it involves and report to the court.
Justice Potter Stewart: And you will make it available?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I would like to point out before the questioning started a few moments ago I was discussing the figures that were in front of Congress showing the increasing number of crimes committed with guns and I pointed out in the course of that that among the most serious figures which Congress specifically included in its reports, were figures relating to armed robberies and aggravated assaults.
Now, where Congressman Poff's statements about the scope of Section 924 (c) allowed to override the language of the statute, in fact the Congressional solution to the problem they perceive would be much narrower than the problem that it addressed.
If the Court --
Unknown Speaker: Mr. Farr can I ask, I am sorry to keep interrupting, the figures relate to crimes like armed robbery and assault, the statute relates to use of a firearm in a felony for which you can be prosecute in a federal court.
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: That is correct.
Unknown Speaker: Now, are most of these armed robberies and assaults federal offense?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I would think that most of them, that this includes federal and state offenses and I would think that --
Unknown Speaker: So most of those figures really are not relevant to what the element of statute came --
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: I do not think the figures in terms of their absolute numbers are necessarily allow them.
Unknown Speaker: Do the figures tell us how many of those assaults were in violation of federal law?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: The figures do not no, but what the figures do do is indicate that there is a substantial problem with which Congress was concerned and that dealt with a state problem and the federal problem with the licensing requirements, but obviously it did not feel that that was sufficient to take care of all the crimes because it did add a Section 924 (c) that applies to federal crimes alone.
So we are not suggesting that it will effect every crime, but that the problem was both state and the federal and Congress recognized it.
Justice Thurgood Marshall: It did not show that there was an increase in bank robberies with guns?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: The figures specifically did not, no, but Congressman Poff --
Justice Thurgood Marshall: That is what we are talking about?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, we are talking about that in this particular case, but Congressman Poff in fact fact was talking about something more than that, because he said that his statute would not only be inapplicable to the bank robberies under Section 2113, but certain other robberies, including armed robberies of the mails and also to virtually all armed assaults under all of the federal assault statutes.
So that in order to accept his version of 924 (c) you would have to believe that though Congress was very concerned about the rise in crimes, including armed robberies and armed assaults, that it deliberately enacted legislation which would not apply to federal armed robberies, most of them or some, at least bank robberies and mail robberies or federal assault which does not strike me as making much sense.
We have also pointed out in our brief that the other amendments introduced on this subject do not make any such distinction between felonies that already have a penalty for use of a dangerous weapon put into them in the House Congressman Casey had introduced an amendment, putting substantial additional penalties on persons who used a gun during certain federal crimes, including robbery and assault.
So far from exempting bank robberies and armed assaults, the Casey Amendments specifically included them.
In the Senate, Senator Dominick introduced a bill which impose similar penalties for use of guns in any federal crime of violence and that was defined specifically to include assault with a dangerous weapon and robbery and Senator Dominick was fully aware that there were statutes which already provided increased penalties such as 2113 (d) and said that his amendment was not intended to detract form or repeal those provisions, but would be available to prosecutors, in addition to them for stronger penalties if they so desire.
Now, the Casey Amendment was replaced by the Poff Bill and then in conference committee, the Poff Amendment was used rather than the Dominick Amendment, but there is no indication anywhere that the House and Senate as a whole or the conference committee of which Congressman Poff incidentally was not a member deliberately endorsed an effort to immunize serious federal crimes, certain serious federal crimes and the remedy set forth in that Act.
In fact, given the overall purpose of the Gun Control Act and given the apparent common understanding of the Poff Amendment and the alternatives in the House and Senate, it is difficult to conceive a language that would express more clearly an intent, restraint for the laws relating to the use of guns in all federal felonies.
Unknown Speaker: Would not Congressional purpose in the Gun Control Act with respect to bank robberies or with respect to 2113 have been satisfied if the indictment had simply been under 2113 (a) and then 18, 924 (c)?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Well, some of it. If you assume that the purpose of Congress was to put a special --
Unknown Speaker: If it was to put a special penalty on for committing felonies with gun that would have --
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: If it is to put a special penalty on that perhaps would suffice to put an additional and special penalty for.
Unknown Speaker: And that will allow the 30 years instead of 25?
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: In that particular case that is true.
However, there are other statutes where it does not work out so cleanly.
As we have indicated in other statutes even within 2113 (d), the governing felony statute, the larceny statute would provide for much lower penalty than 20 years which is the 2113 (a), so by adding on the additional penalty, you do not really get up to the same place that you would under 2113 (d).
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: You time is expired now Mr. Farr.
Mr. H. Bartow Farr Iii: Thank you Mr. Chief Justice.
No further questions?
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: Do you have anything further Mr. Willmott?
Rebuttal of Robert W. Willmott Jr.
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Mr. Chief Justice, I would like to make one final comment in response to Mr. Justice Stewart's comments and I think that anytime a firearm is used to commit a bank robbery that you automatically have the conditions of 924 (c)(1) and 2113 (d) satisfied, but that anytime a weapon other than a firearm is used you cannot get a conviction under 924 (c)(1) and I would be most happy to make copies of the United States Department of Justice's letter wherein they have referred to United State's Attorney Bulletin 519, number 3, February 05, 1971, available to Mr. Farr.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: Make it available to your friend and he will see it to it that we get that and anything that may occur directly on it?
Unknown Speaker: But what is the date of the letter?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: The date of the letter is January 13, 1972, and refers to the United States --
Unknown Speaker: Is the same Bulletin extent now?
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Well --
Unknown Speaker: In the same manual, the same manual as --
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: I received this letter through my co-counsel in Lexington and the letter itself refers to United States Attorney Bulletin 519, number 3, February.
I have just received this last week before coming up here.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: That is the reason for my suggesting you give it to Mr. Farr because there may be other methods that relate to it and to explain it.
Mr. Robert W. Willmott Jr.: Yes, Your Honor.
Thank you.
Chief Justice Warren E. Burger: Thank you gentleman.
The case is submitted.All Products within Emergency
6 products out of 221, sorted by title
- Jarvis's Physical Examination and Health Assessment Student Lab Manual
Book, January 2013, by Denmead
- Journal of Acute Disease
Journal, 2015
- Journal of Acute Medicine
Journal, 2015
- Journal of Clinical Anesthesia
Journal, 2015
- Journal of Emergency Nursing
Journal, 2015
- Journal of Pain and Symptom Management
Journal,Review: Eurohike 10-litre waterproof compression sack Published: 02 December 2009 Eurohike 10-litre waterproof compression sack, £7.99 Miles covered/time: one 500-mile tour of Vietnam/two weeks What’s good? Cheap and compact way of keeping electrical kit like cameras and mobile phones dry while on the bike. It’s got a roll-out closure system, so you squeeze the air out, Velcro the top shut and roll it over lots of times before clipping it shut. Not a lot of money for peace of mind (plus it came in handy when we went kayaking in Halong Bay). What’s not? It’s waterproof, but it’s not a proper dry bag. You can buy similar items that are designed to keep contents dry even when fully submerged in water. It’s more than good enough for use on dry land though. Contact:: 4/5 By James Keen Other pages you might like ... NewsArticles VideoVideos... Top 5: Small Rucksacks on MCN Shop As riders we want different things from our rucksack – not the sort of thing a camping shop will... Luggage review: Givi TW02 30-litre waterproof roll bag Givi TW02 30-litre waterproof roll bag, £40.85 Miles covered/time: 2753/one week What’s good: It’s... Long-term report: KTM RC390 A Chinese sage once said: “The sparrow may be small but it has all the vital organs” and, as I spend... Long-term test: KTM 1050 Adventure Those who buy the printed version of MCN that's published today will see me extolling the virtues of... Victory's electric TT shock Victory Motorcycles have stunned the world with the announcement that they will contest this year’s... It’s back… £10 eVoucher when you get a quote Fancy a tenner to spend on some new bike kit at Sportsbikeshop? Yes? Well if you compare your... Product Review: Givi XS301 Xstream tailpack Givi XS301 Xstream tail pack £84 Tester: Rupert Paul Time tested: Three years/15,000 miles What’s... Product Review: Aerostich R3 Light suit Aerostich R3 Light suit, $1147 (around £770) plus shipping and import duties (est £350) Tester: Tony... Exclusive: MotoGP '15 videogame details We had a bit of a snoop around the publisher websites for the MotoGP videogame this morning and... RIDDEN: Suzuki GSX-S1000 It Really Is A Naked K5 For the best part of a decade many have dreamt about the day Suzuki would... Sixth race celebration for KTM’s Dungey Red Bull KTM racer and AMA Supercross championship leader Ryan Dungey has moved himself one step... New R1 launch today! MCN Senior Road Tester Michael Neeves is at the launch of Yamaha’s eagerly-awaited R1 launch: Birth of a Multistrada If you've ever wondered how a bike is transformed from lumps of metal, plastic and rubber into... AJP PR5 RR Rally first ride It’s regarded as the world’s ultimate race, but the cost of taking part in the Dakar runs to well in... Dakar stage 6: Video highlights With six stages of the 2015 Dakar complete the HRC Rally team remain in control of the standings....comments powered by Disqusprefabricated apartment, bungalow, chalet,
Place of Origin: CN
Brand Name: Hege
Material: Steel
Use: House;Villa
Verified Supplier - Foshan Hege Steel Modular Housing Co., Ltd.
China (Mainland) Contact Details
Haven't found the right supplier yet ?
1 request,multiple quotations
1-click quotation comparison
OEM,ODM & multi-category buying
Want product and industry knowledge for "wood pet h..." ?
Trade Alerts are FREE updates on topics such as trending hot products, buying requests and supplier information - sent directly to your email inbox!The Department of Environmental, Earth and Geospatial Sciences at North Carolina Central University is pleased to provide the faculty, staff, and students with a state-of-the-art Geographic Information Systems (GIS) facility housed in the Mary Townes Science complex. The center houses several computers, GPS equipment, a large-format plotter, various GIS software packages, GIS data on North Carolina, and knowledgeable staff to provide assistance to the 'Eagles' who want to use GIS in their research or just want to learn about this fascinating tool.
In addition to equipment, software, and training, the department offers services such as project design and assistance with assimilating GIS, GPS, or remote sensing into ongoing projects. This interdisciplinary approach is the hallmark of cutting-edge research and the department aims to be an integral part of this approach and be your one-stop-shop for GIS software, training, and services.
As one of the sixteen UNC institutions, NCCU is party to the university-wide site license agreement with ESRI - a leading provider of GIS software. GIS users in the NCCU domain have access to several software packages including ESRI’s ArcGIS - one of the more popular in the market.
The GIS center boasts of competent instructors capable of delivering instruction in a classroom or professional setting. DEEGS faculty have both classroom and professional GIS experience. In addition to instructor lead courses in GIS/GPS/remote sensing, the center also acts as a conduit for online courses that are available at ESRI's Virtual Campus. Access to these courses is free for all faculty and students at NCCU.
The Environmental Science (ES) branch in the Department of Environmental, Earth, and Geospatial Science focuses on hands-on student trainings and conducting research on locally, regionally, and globally relevant environmental pollution problems and related human health issues. The state-of-the-art environmental science lab allows students to research particulate matter (PM) exposure assessment, ultrafine and nano particulate matter or nanomaterial characterization, toxicology of engineered nanomaterials, nanomaterial synthesis, water purification system development, exposure induced cardiopulmonary physiological effects.
Timothy J. Mulrooney, Assistant Professor
tmulroon@nccu.edu
(919) 530-6575
View Timothy J Mulrooney's profile
North Carolina Central University
(p) 919-530-6100
1801 Fayetteville St.
Durham, NC 27707News: Analysis & Commentary: RETAILING
BRIGHT LIGHTS, BIG CITY WON'T CUT IT FOR KMART
Recovery will take much more than an urban push
It seemed like a good idea at the time. To hype a hipper, more urbane image, Kmart Corp. let U2 launch its world tour at the new Kmart in Manhattan's Astor Place. While the Irish rock band blasted "Holy Joe" near the lingerie department, lead singer Bono pushed a shopping cart down Aisle 5. Explaining the choice of venue, guitarist Edge said: "We believe in trash. We believe in kitsch."
That's typical of the two-steps-forward, one-step-back grind Kmart Chairman Floyd Hall faces as he tries to turn around the discount chain. Since arriving two years ago, he has snatched Kmart from the brink of bankruptcy by cleaning up the balance sheet and slashing costs. Shareholders were pleased when he produced net income from continuing operations last year of $231 million, and again May 5 when he said that Kmart will report a small profit on May 15 for the quarter ended Apr. 30. Even so, sales remain sluggish, and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Target Stores are winning the war for suburban customers.
ELUSIVE PROFITS. That has Hall focusing more on Kmart's urban stores as a source of sales growth and profits. In the past two years, Kmart has overhauled existing city stores and opened new outlets in locales such as San Jose, Calif., and Manhattan, where most big-box discounters fear to tread. The retailer expects that higher traffic in city stores will boost sales: Its two Manhattan stores, for example, are expected to generate $50 million each in annual revenues, four times that of an average Kmart. And Hall chose a refurbished Kmart in Chicago's inner-city Brickyard Mall last month to launch the rollout of his BigK store format, which features an expanded food pantry aimed at boosting traffic. "This is a new beginning, a new Kmart," declared Hall, who declined to be interviewed for this story.
Urban renewal alone won't cure Kmart's ills. Profits have proven elusive at the Manhattan stores, where higher sales volume hasn't overcome astronomical rents. Even if the urban push eventually pays off, city stores make up just 10% of Kmart's 2,133 U.S. outlets. "They have an opportunity to make money
because they have about 200 stores that are not across the street from Wal-Mart," says Patrick McCormack, retail analyst for Alex. Brown & Sons. "It's not a big opportunity, but with Kmart, there are no big opportunities."
Indeed, the chain may be having trouble just keeping the turnaround on track. After jumping 5.7% in the first quarter, same-store sales slumped 0.8% in April. Its stores remain relatively unproductive, averaging just $195 in sales per square foot, vs. $350 at Wal-Mart's stores and $240 at Target's, according to industry analysts. "At some point, we're going to need to see some sales momentum," says Thomas Jackson, portfolio manager of the Prudential Equity Fund, which holds nearly 16.5 million Kmart shares.
That's where the BigK format comes in. Kmart is spending $750 million over three years to convert as many as 1,800 stores. The new mini-convenience-store sections are intended to boost traffic, luring shoppers to the inner store's spacious, well-lit aisles. It's working: "I come into the store for one thing and end up buying more because it's there," says Phyllis Porter, 45, shopping at an expansive new store in Oakland, Calif. Kmart says the new layout is generating 10% to 15% sales improvements.
Outside the cities, though, Kmart still is hamstrung by prices consistently higher than those of Wal-Mart. "They've got to cut prices and run at a loss for several quarters to get back in the game," concludes analyst Robert Buchanan at NatWest Securities Corp. Kmart officials say that they won't wage what they see as a fruitless price war with Wal-Mart, choosing instead to engage in "guerrilla pricing" to undercut the huge discounter on a few key items each week.
Kmart can escape Wal-Mart's fire by competing for the pocketbooks of urban shoppers. Ultimately, however, the chain must also win back its customers out in the suburbs. "If Kmart can't get its core stores turned around, its urban strategy is irrelevant," says Wayne Hood, retail analyst for Prudential Securities Inc. U2's rockers may turn heads in Manhattan, but price wins out in the 'burbs.By Keith Naughton in Detroit, with bureau reportsReturn to topRoyal Neighbors awards $7,000 to Nation of Neighbors recipients to help empower women in southwest Iowa
December 3rd, 2012 by Ric Hanson
Members of Royal Neighbors of America Chapter 1373, in Atlantic, will present two local women a check for $3,500 each through Royal Neighbors’ Nation of Neighbors Program. Treva Turpin, of Brayton, will use the funds to complete a two-story building to use as a “mess hall” for her Bible retreats and camps. Jacque Wickey, Atlantic, is dedicated to assisting the area’s Family Crisis Support Network Victim’s Services (FCSNVS). The funds she receives from Royal Neighbors will help purchase gift cards and pay for first month’s deposits on rent, phone, electricity, etc., for families in need. The two, $3,500 checks will be presented to the women at 2-p.m. Wed., Dec. 5th, at the Sweet Joy Shoppe in Atlantic (315 Chestnut St.).
Welcome to Our New Website!.
Featured Book Reviews Summer 2013
TheThe Peculiar Story of Mitt Romney's Peculiar Temper
A friend points me to a TNR article subtitled "The peculiar anger of Mitt Romney," and it's peculiar all right. There's a lot of theorizing about where Romney's anger comes from, but there's not much evidence of this supposed anger in the first place. Despite his long and public career, the piece is only able to dredge up four examples of Romney losing his temper over the course of 30 years. In fairness, three of those examples are from the past decade, which suggests that maybe he loses his temper once every two or three years.
Something tells me this isn't something to worry about too much. Let's get back to talking about his hair and his flip-flopping, OK?
MoJo Troll Patrol encourages readers to sign in with Facebook, Twitter, Google, Yahoo, Disqus, or OpenID to comment. Please read our comment policy before posting.Alcatel Outs One Touch Pop C-Series Smartphones
An unexpected surprise on this year's IFA circuit, Alcatel, truly came out all guns blazing. After launching semi-premium smartphones like the Idol Alpha and One Touch Hero, the company turned its attention to the low-cost mainstream, launching four Android 4.2 smartphones under its One Touch Pop C-Series.
The lineup begins with the One Touch Pop C1, featuring a chubby, curvy, and colorful design, a 3.5-inch HVGA (480 x 320 pixels) display, a dual-core CPU clocked at 1.00 GHz, and a UI that's sensitized to the limited display real-estate. There's no camera on this one.
Next up, is the One Touch Pop C3, which looks like a slightly scaled up One Touch Pop C1, while still looking true to the roots of its smaller sibling. It features a 4-inch WVGA (800 x 480 pixels) display, a faster 1.30 GHz dual-core CPU, and a 3.2-megapixel camera.
Moving on, there's the One Touch Pop C5, which in turn looks like a stretched out One Touch Pop C3, and clearly less chubby. It brings a 4.5-inch WVGA display, and a better 5-megapixel camera to the table, while running on the same 1.30 GHz dual-core CPU.
Lastly, there's the One Touch Pop C7, which has curves only along its edges, and looks nothing like the device the series begins with. It features a large 5-inch screen (still WVGA?), with the same 5-megapixel camera as the One Touch Pop C5. Under the hood, is a 1.30 GHz quad-core CPU.In this paper we derive a number of results concerning the behavior of closed load-independent exponential queueing networks. It is shown that if the service rate of any station is increased (decreased), then the throughput of the network itself also increases (decreases). This is not true for product form networks in general. In addition, if the service rate at server i is increased then both the mean queue length and mean waiting time at server i decrease while both these quantities increase at all stations j Â¿ i. The opposite effect is observed if the senrvice rate at station i is decreased. The main result of the paper is a proof of the conjective that corresponding to any general closed queueing network consisting of M stations and in which N customers circulate according to the elements of an irreducible stochastic routing matrix Q, there exists a closed load-independent exponential queueing network with the same M, N, and Q such that the mean number of customers at each station in the exponential network is equal to that in the general network. If the network throughput is specified, it is shown that this exponential network iS unique.- ABOUT
- RESEARCH
- EXPERTS
- DONATE
Search
President’s Budget Not Sufficient to Renew Rental Assistance Fully for Low-Income Households
HUD Budget Also Includes Proposals that Could Cause Serious Hardship for Some of Nation’s Poorest People
March 15, 2012
Overview project-based rental assistance (PBRA) programs. Together, these programs assist approximately 4.5 million low-income families, more than half of which include seniors and people with disabilities (see Table 1).
The proposed renewal funding for Housing Choice vouchers could be as much as $440 million below the amount needed to renew all vouchers in use in 2012, risking the loss of voucher assistance for as many as 55,000 low-income families. The budget's funding for public housing falls well short of the amounts needed to cover agencies' operating and new capital repair expenses in 2013, let alone to begin to address the large backlog of unaddressed capital needs. And the budget's Section 8 PBRA funding is inadequate to provide a full 12 months of funding for all contracts with private owners.
Moreover, some of the policy changes that the budget proposes to help close these funding shortfalls are poorly designed or harmful to low-income families and should be rejected or modified. The most problematic of these would set a mandatory minimum rent of $75 for all HUD-assisted households. Half a million of the very poorest recipients of housing assistance would face rent increases that they would have difficulty affording; for the vast majority of these households, rents would increase by 50 percent or more. This policy change comes at the same time that a new study by leading poverty researchers finds that the number of American families and children living below a standard that the World Bank uses to measure serious poverty in developing nations - living on less than $2 per person per day - has doubled since the mid-1990s, with the effects especially marked among the families most affected by cuts in basic government assistance.
In addition to their shortcomings on policy grounds, some of the proposed changes would likely generate smaller savings in 2013 than the budget assumes. The savings would shrink further if Congress makes modifications needed to mitigate serious harm to vulnerable low-income families.
In sum, Congress will have to provide significant additional funding for HUD to prevent sizeable reductions in rental assistance for low-income families. Due to a projected increase in offsetting receipts for the Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and other mortgage credit accounts, Congress could provide sufficient funding to renew rental assistance at adequate levels while still producing a budget that would shrink overall HUD funding to levels well below those of recent years.
In rolling out the budget, HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan articulated several principles that he said governed the Administration's decisions during a difficult budgeting process; these included protecting low-income families by prioritizing the renewal of rental assistance and embracing reforms that improve program effectiveness and reduce costs.[1] These are eminently laudable goals, which Congress can promote by increasing renewal funding and modifying several of the HUD budget's cost-saving proposals.
Voucher Renewal Shortfall Would Risk Loss of Assistance for Up to 55,000 Families
The Housing Choice ("Section 8") Voucher program will assist approximately 2.2 million low-income families in 2012, almost twice as many as the next-largest federal rental assistance program. Roughly half of these households are headed by seniors or people with disabilities, and more than 40 percent are headed by non-elderly, non-disabled adults with children. Both rigorous research and surveys of local practitioners have confirmed that vouchers are highly effective at reducing homelessness.[2]
The President's 2013 budget provides $19.1 billion for Housing Choice Vouchers, including $17.2 billion (roughly the amount that Congress made available in 2012) for renewal of vouchers used by low-income families this year.[3] The request is likely insufficient to renew all vouchers in use - and thus risks forcing a reduction in the number of families receiving assistance - because of two factors:
- Rental cost inflation. After flattening in 2009 and 2010, private rental housing costs are rising again at an annual rate of more than 2 percent, according to the most recent CPI data. Because low-income families use vouchers to rent housing in the private market, inflation could add $250 - $400 million to the cost of voucher renewals in 2013.[4]
- More vouchers needing renewal funding. According to HUD budget documents, as many as 50,000 new housing vouchers were issued in 2011 or will be issued in 2012. These include 14,000 new "tenant protection" vouchers issued in 2011 - to replace public and other assisted housing that is no longer available to low-income families - and as many as 30,000 tenant protection vouchers that HUD expects to issue in 2012. In addition, HUD awarded more than 7,000 new "VASH" vouchers for homeless veterans in 2011. Funding for voucher renewals in 2012 did not reflect any of the costs of the new vouchers issued in 2012, and only a portion of the costs of those issued in 2011, because Congress funds new vouchers separately from renewals for the new vouchers' initial 12 months. To renew these vouchers fully in 2013, an additional $210 - $250 million in renewal funding will likely be needed, we estimate.
Thus, the cost of renewing housing vouchers will be $460 - $650 million higher in 2013 than in 2012, according to our preliminary estimates. [5]
Acknowledging the inadequacy of its renewal funding, the HUD budget proposes two steps to close the gap, at least in part. First, it proposes three changes in the authorizing statutes that HUD estimates would reduce voucher renewal costs by a total of $208 million in 2013. As explained below, however, the cost savings in the first year would likely be considerably less than HUD estimates. Moreover, as many as 1 million low-income households - including about 400,000 households using vouchers - would have to pay higher rental costs under two of the HUD proposals. For the reasons explained below, Congress should reject or modify these two proposals. Doing so would reduce the savings. So, while Congress should consider adopting (with appropriate modifications) a number of the HUD proposals, it would be unrealistic for the appropriations committees to anticipate significant voucher program savings in the first year (although some of the proposals would produce considerable savings in future years, with little harm to low-income tenants).
Second, HUD requests authority to offset the funding reserves that many state and local housing agencies have (that is, to reduce renewal funding for housing agencies that have "excess" funding reserves) under the assumption that agencies will use those reserves to help renew the vouchers in use. [6] This policy, which Congress authorized for the 2008, 2009, and 2012 voucher funding cycles, promotes a more efficient use of program funding and is generally sound. However, the amount of "excess" reserves available for use in this manner will be modest in 2013 - probably no more than roughly $200 million - because housing agencies already are being required to spend down $650 million in reserves to cover their voucher renewal costs in 2012.
If Congress enacted HUD's proposed policy changes and the cost savings assumed in the budget fully materialized, then the Administration's request might be close to sufficient to renew all vouchers in use, although it could still fall short by as much as $250 million at the higher end of our renewal cost projection. But if, for reasons explained below, the policy-related cost savings are considerably less than HUD estimates - or Congress modifies or fails to authorize HUD's requested policy changes - then the renewal funding shortfall could be as high as $440 million. As a result, housing vouchers for as many as 55,000 low-income families could be left without funding in 2013.
Underfunding of Voucher Administration Compounds Impact of Renewal Shortfall
The President's budget also provides $1.58 billion for voucher program administration in 2013. State and local housing agencies use these funds to verify tenants' income and eligibility, inspect housing to ensure that it meets federal quality standards, and perform other tasks necessary to ensure that federal funds are used efficiently and effectively. The request is a marked improvement over the 2012 enacted level, under which agencies will receive only 74 percent of the administrative fees they have earned under HUD's formula. Even so, it would cover only 81 percent of the amount that the formula for calculating administrative fees indicates that local agencies need and that they qualify for under the formula, according to HUD's estimates. As a result, 2013 would be the third consecutive year of major underfunding of voucher program administration.
Agencies may draw on fee reserves or reduce costs to address temporary shortfalls in administrative funding, but persistent, deep underfunding will likely result in fewer families receiving assistance. Shortfalls in administrative funding can lead to staff reductions that result in delays in processing new admissions, for example, or delays in performing the quality and safety inspections required before a family may use a voucher to lease a particular apartment.
Severe Underfunding of Public Housing Would Continue Under FY 2013 Request
Public housing provides affordable homes to 1.1 million of the nation's poorest residents. More than half of these households are headed by seniors or people with disabilities.
The budget requests $4.52 billion for the public housing operating fund in 2013, which HUD estimates would be about 10 percent less than the amount for which agencies will be eligible under HUD's cost formula, leaving a gap of about $500 million. This would be the second major funding shortfall in a row in the operating fund; the 2012 funding level is expected to fall close to $1 billion short of the amount agencies are due (though agencies will be able to meet a portion of the shortfall with existing reserves). Unlike the 2012 appropriations act, the 2013 budget does not propose to draw on agencies' operating reserves to offset the shortfall.
As in the voucher program, the budget's proposed legislative changes could increase rent revenues for public housing agencies and therefore reduce the amount of federal subsidy required to cover operating costs. As discussed below, however, even if Congress enacted these changes in 2012, the savings in 2013 would make up less than half of the estimated $500 million shortfall. Moreover, some of the proposed changes represent unwise policy.
The budget requests $2.07 billion for the public housing capital fund, which would increase funding for capital repairs by close to $200 million above the 2012 level. But it would still be far too little to cover the $3.4 billion in new renovation needs that a recent HUD study estimated accumulates in public housing each year, let alone address the program's estimated $26 billion backlog of unmet capital needs.
The budget also proposes a single-year legislative change to allow all housing agencies to blend the federal assistance they receive under the public housing operating and capital funds and use the funds for any purpose currently permitted under the rules for either funding source. [7] Such flexibility may enable some agencies to use their federal funds more effectively to preserve public housing developments in good condition. But, by blurring the separate rationales for capital and operating funds, it could result in deeper public housing cuts over time. In recent years, Congress has generally provided much more adequate and reliable funding for the operating fund than for the capital fund because agencies' eligibility for operating funds is determined by a HUD formula estimate of their operating costs, while capital fund eligibility is more arbitrary, similar to a block grant. If agencies had full fungibility in the use of funds from the two programs, it would become more difficult to defend funding for the operating fund - Congress could argue, for instance, that agencies could make up for any operating shortfalls by shifting capital funds.
Overall, therefore, the President's request for public housing is seriously inadequate. Coming on top of considerable reductions in capital funding for public housing over the past decade, the proposed funding levels would expose 1.1 million low-income households to deteriorating living conditions and potential safety hazards..[8]
HUD Would Reintroduce "Short-Funding" of Section 8 PBRA Contracts
The Section 8 Project-Based Rental Assistance (PBRA) program provides rental assistance payments to private owners of 1.2 million units of affordable housing. Two-thirds of the residents of PBRA housing are low-income seniors or people with disabilities.
The President's budget provides $8.7 billion for PBRA, including $8.4 billion for contract renewals and amendments, a reduction of $610 million below the 2012 renewal level. HUD budget documents acknowledge that the amount for renewals is inadequate, and HUD staff have indicated that the request is about $1.1 billion below the amount required in 2013 to provide a full 12 months of renewal funding for every Section 8 contract. As in the other two large rental assistance programs, the budget proposes to reduce renewal costs by implementing a series of policy changes, some of which would require congressional authorization. (The $1.1 billion shortfall figure provided above is net of HUD's assumed cost savings.) In addition, HUD intends to "short-fund" Section 8 PBRA renewals - that is, to shift a portion of the costs of renewing contracts expiring in fiscal year 2013 into the following fiscal year.
Under current policy, housing assistance payments made during a given fiscal year are funded partly from appropriations for the prior fiscal year and partly from appropriations for the given fiscal year. The Administration's proposal would shift the timing of a portion of the appropriations required to make payments in fiscal year 2014. Specifically, a smaller share of assistance payments in FY 2014 would be funded from the FY 2013 appropriation, and a proportionally larger share would have to be funded from the FY 2014 appropriation, requiring a large increase in the PBRA funding level in 2014 to avoid major cutbacks.
The policy should have no effect on the timing or amount of HUD payments to owners (or program outlays) in any year - if Congress provides an adequate appropriation for FY 2014.[9] While it temporarily reduces the amount of annual budget authority appropriated for Section 8 PBRA renewals, Congress will need to restore the amount of annual budget authority for renewals to its original level (with adjustments for inflation, the number of renewal units, etc.) in future years to avoid a substantial loss of assisted rental units and a substantial reduction in the number of low-income households assisted.[10]
Short-funding Section 8 PBRA renewals would almost certainly make owners, investors, and lenders nervous. Everyone is well aware of the enormous challenges confronting the federal budget. To some stakeholders, a decision by Congress to short-fund Section 8 renewals could signal a growing risk that Congress may decide in the near future that it will no longer fully fund contract renewals. Such fears could make it more difficult or expensive for owners to secure the capital they need to rehabilitate aging Section 8 properties. They could also discourage some owners from renewing their assistance contracts at expiration, thereby reducing the number of Section 8 PBRA units available to low-income families.
HUD Requests Rely on Unrealistic Savings Estimates and Some Unwise Policy Choices
As explained above, HUD's proposed budget would fail to renew Housing Choice vouchers for as many as 55,000 low-income families in 2013 and would make it considerably more difficult for public housing agencies and owners of Section 8 PBRA housing to sustain assistance for current families in 2013 and later years. The Administration intends to close a portion of these funding shortfalls by enacting four changes in authorizing law that would generate program savings in 2013 and later years:
- Setting a mandatory minimum rent of $75 for all HUD-assisted households, thereby raising rents - in most cases, sharply - for a half a million of the poorest people served;
- Raising the threshold for deductible medical expenses for seniors and people with disabilities, thereby raising rents for more than 700,000 low-income elderly and disabled people, many of whom have significant medical conditions;
- Loosening the income targeting rules for the voucher program to enable agencies to assist more working-poor families; and
- Requiring that agencies set flat rents or ceiling rents in public housing closer to market levels. [11]
The first-year cost savings from these proposals under realistic assumptions about the timing of enactment and implementation are likely to be considerably lower than HUD assumes. In addition, some of the proposals would sharply raise rents on the lowest-income tenants and should be rejected or modified.
Mandatory $75 Minimum Rent Would Increase Hardships for Poorest Households And Likely Yield Smaller 2013 Savings than HUD Anticipates
The budget proposes to increase the minimum rent for assisted families to $75 per month and eliminate public housing agency discretion to set the minimum rent below that cap. Under current law, agencies may (but are not required to) set a minimum rent of up to $50 per month for households in the public housing and housing voucher programs, and HUD has established a minimum rent of $25 for households in project-based section 8 units. Under a mandatory minimum rent of $75 per month, approximately 400,000 of the poorest recipients of housing assistance would experience rent increases of 50 percent or more, exposing them to considerable additional hardship. An additional 100,000 or more households with very low incomes would face somewhat smaller rent increases.
HUD estimates that the minimum rent policy, rather than implement the change on a rolling basis at families' annual recertifications. [12] Even if Congress were to approve the policy, it would likely not enact the change until the end of 2012 at the earliest, which would make it extremely burdensome for housing agencies (and disruptive for assisted households) to implement the policy by January 2013. This is particularly true for the approximately 1,000 agencies that opt to set minimum rents below the current maximum limit of $50 per month.[13] Many of these agencies would find it impossible to adequately review requests for a hardship exemption (see the next paragraph) prior to the January 1 deadline.
The basic policy is also unwise. HUD rules include a "hardship" exemption designed to protect many of the poorest households from unaffordable rents, but the criteria for such exemptions are vague, the existence of such exemptions is not widely known among tenants, and exemptions are rarely granted.[14]
Moreover, HUD's claim that the minimum rent should be raised to "keep pace with inflation" - the argument that House Republicans made in support of a similar but slightly less severe policy - is unpersuasive. The incomes of extremely poor families generally do not rise in tandem with inflation in rents or prices generally. For example, basic cash assistance levels under the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program have fallen 25 percent in real dollars since 1996 in the median (or typical) state, and continue to fall farther behind inflation with each passing year. All but two states failed to keep these benefits up with inflation in 2011 - as 48 states either froze benefits or cut them in nominal terms. [15] Indeed, by 2011, the TANF benefit for a family of three with no other income fell below the Fair Market Rent for a 2-bedroom apartment in every state in the country, and below half of the Fair Market Rent in a majority of states. (In a majority of states, TANF cash assistance now fails to lift families with children even to 30 percent of the poverty line.)
In fact, a new study by poverty researchers finds that the number of U. S. families with children who live below a standard that the World Bank uses to measure severe poverty in developing countries - defined as living on less than $2 per person per day - has increased by 130 percent since the mid-1990s (which is roughly the same period that the $50 minimum rent policy has been in place).[16]
Raising rents on the poorest Americans as a way to cut programs and reduce deficits contradicts a core principle set forth in the report of fiscal commission co-chairs Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson that deficit reduction should not increase poverty or make poor people even poorer. [17]
To Mitigate Harm to Seniors and People with Disabilities, Any Increase in Medical Deduction Threshold Should Be Combined with Other Changes
Under current law, unreimbursed medical and related expenses above 3 percent of income are deducted in determining the rent obligations of elderly and disabled households. The budget proposes to raise the threshold to 10 percent of income. When fully implemented, such a change could save more than $200 million per year in the major rental assistance programs, according to Congressional Budget Office estimates, by charging higher rents to many low-income elderly and disabled people with medical conditions. Since 2007, versions of the Section 8 Voucher Reform Act (SEVRA) have included this change. It also is in the Affordable Housing and Self-Sufficiency Improvement Act of 2011 (AHSSIA).
This change has broad support in Congress and among stakeholders as a way to reduce administrative burdens for agencies and private owners of assisted properties. Because the policy by itself would increase rent burdens on more than 700,000 low-income elderly and disabled individuals, however, previous proposals have coupled the change with two important related measures that would significantly mitigate the potential harm to vulnerable people. These two measures have been key to securing acceptance of the medical-deduction proposal among various stakeholders. The Administration's budget, however, lacks both of the related measures to limit the harm to vulnerable people.
First, the various versions of the SEVRA legislation balanced the rent increase imposed on many elderly and disabled households by raising the medical-deduction threshold with a rent reduction via an increase in the standard deduction that the rental assistance programs use - which made these policy changes close to revenue neutral as a package. The latest version of AHSSIA is tougher; it would raise the standard deduction from $400 per year to $525 per year, providing a small rent break of about $3 per month and offsetting about half (rather than nearly all) of the savings from the change in the medical deduction. In contrast, the Administration's budget would increase rents for the approximately one-fourth of elderly and disabled households with high out-of-pocket medical costs, with no offsetting rent relief for anyone.
Second, the SEVRA and AHSSIA provisions would not take effect immediately. Recognizing that the rent increases for some households would be substantial and that implementation will require complex system changes for agencies and owners, the recent authorizing bills have specified that the rent policy changes would not take effect until the calendar year after HUD has issued implementation policies. Such a grace period is important to permit affected low-income elderly and disabled people to investigate health care alternatives and adjust their budgets. The Administration's budget specifies no grace period, although HUD's cost saving estimates for 2013 are about one-third less than CBO's full-year savings estimate, indicating that HUD assumes a several-month delay in implementation.
Making the adjustments suggested above would significantly reduce the savings from these provisions in the first year. For instance, by implementing the increase in the medical deduction threshold on a rolling basis at each household's annual recertification, and coupling the change with the increase in the standard deduction for elderly/disabled households provided in AHSSIA, the savings likely would be reduced to approximately $50 million in the first year, about $90 million less than the HUD budget assumes.[18]
Modestly Easing Income Targeting Rules Is a Prudent Way to Assist More Working-Poor Families, But Savings in 2013 Are Uncertain
Under HUD rules, 75 percent of the new vouchers issued each year must serve "extremely low-income" (ELI) families, defined as those with incomes at or below 30 percent of the HUD-determined area median income, adjusted for household size. The Administration proposes changing the ELI definition to 30 percent of area median income or the federal poverty line, whichever is higher. In many areas, particularly non-metropolitan communities, the ELI level is below the federal poverty line for some or all family sizes. The proposed change would give housing agencies more flexibility to provide housing vouchers to working-poor families.
HUD estimates that the change would save $121 million in the Housing Choice Voucher program in 2013, which is consistent with previous CBO estimates of $118 million in savings in the first year and about $180 million in subsequent years. The savings are achieved because the additional working families served would have somewhat higher incomes - and therefore require lower rental subsidies - than the poorer families the program otherwise would serve. (No savings from this provision are expected in HUD's other rental assistance programs, as those programs already have less stringent income-targeting requirements.) This change has wide support and has been in every version of SEVRA that Congress has considered in the last five years. It also was included in the Senate version of the fiscal year 2012 HUD appropriations bill.
While the change would certainly reduce program costs in 2013, it is unclear how HUD could adjust local housing agencies' renewal funding allocations in anticipation of the expected savings. The magnitude of each agency's savings in 2013 would depend on numerous factors, including the composition of its waiting list and its policies concerning the targeting of vouchers to particular groups, such as homeless individuals and families. It thus would be very difficult for HUD to make reliable estimates on an agency-by-agency basis of the agency-level savings in 2013 (although any reduced costs in 2013 will surface in reduced renewal funding eligibility in 2014), and there would be significant risks that some local agencies would experience renewal-funding shortfalls if HUD attempted to do so. It would therefore be unwise for Congress to reduce renewal funding overall for 2013 in anticipation of such savings in the first year.
Requiring Flat or Ceiling Rents to Be Closer to Market Levels Is Good Policy, But Here, Too, Savings In the Initial Year Are Uncertain
To encourage a mixture of incomes among public housing residents, HUD rules permit residents to elect to pay a "flat rent" that the local housing authority sets, rather than having their rental charge set at 30 percent of their adjusted income. While any family can choose to pay a flat rent, families are more likely to select the option when the flat rent enables them to pay less than they otherwise would to live in public housing. This policy benefits public housing residents with the highest incomes, but has been considered reasonable because HUD rules require flat rents to be set at "the estimated rent for which the PHA [public housing agency] could promptly lease the public housing unit after preparation for occupancy" [19] - that is, at the approximate market rent for the units.
Data suggest, however, that existing flat rents are well below market rents. In New York City, for example, the average flat rent paid by families under the local policy was $513 per month in 2010, far below the average Fair Market Rent of $1,359 for a two-bedroom apartment. While low flat rents reduce revenues collected by public housing agencies, they also increase some agencies' eligibility for subsidies under the public housing operating fund, thereby increasing overall federal program costs and - in years when funding for the operating fund is insufficient - deepening shortfalls at other local housing agencies.
The Administration's budget would require public housing agencies to set flat rents at no lower than 80 percent of the HUD fair market rent for the area.[20] HUD estimates that the proposal would affect more than 160,000 households, more than one third of which are in New York City. More analysis is required to assess whether HUD has proposed the best available objective standard, but the ambiguity of current law and the very low flat rents that some agencies have adopted demand that HUD set a clear, easily enforced policy.
In contrast to its approach in the other policy proposals discussed above, HUD recognizes that it will take some time for agencies to implement an increase in flat rents and would not require full compliance until September 30, 2013, meaning that the additional rent revenues would largely be limited to amounts collected in the final quarter of the calendar year. (Fiscal year 2013 public housing operating subsidies cover the 2013 calendar year.) The budget also recognizes that abrupt rent increases may cause hardships even for public housing residents with higher-than-average incomes, and caps the amount of the annual increase in a household's rental payment at 35 percent. As a result, HUD estimates that total savings would amount to $150 million in 2013, although annual savings would be roughly three times greater after the policy is fully implemented.
Congress Could Provide Adequate Renewal Funding While Keeping HUD Funding Level Well Below Recent Years
Overall, we estimate that the Administration's 2013 request for the renewal of Section 8 voucher and project-based rental assistance and the public housing operating fund falls $1.7 billion - $1.9 billion short of the amount needed to renew rental assistance for the current number of families in 2013 and later years (see Table 2). The budget also fails to provide adequate funding for public housing capital repairs and voucher program administration.
Fortunately, Congress could address a substantial share of this shortfall while producing a HUD budget that still reduces funding by a considerable amount. The President's budget requests $35.3 billion in new budget authority for HUD discretionary programs in FY 2013. This is $2.9 billion (or 7.6 percent) less than the enacted 2012 level and $7.6 billion (or 17.6 percent) below the 2010 funding level, even without any adjustment for inflation. The Administration's HUD budget request for fiscal year 2013 is smaller in nominal terms than the amount of funding provided for HUD in every fiscal year since 2006 (and is less than the level for every HUD budget since 2000 when inflation is taken into account).
One reason that the level of new budget authority for HUD overall is so low compared to the levels for prior years is that HUD expects to receive $4.4 billion more in 2013 in offsetting receipts from FHA and other credit accounts. (These offsetting receipts reduce the amount of new budget authority needed.) Thus, if Congress were to set funding for HUD's major low-income rental assistance programs as much as $2 billion above the levels in the President's budget in order to address the shortfalls this paper discusses, the overall HUD budget would still stand (if other HUD accounts were funded at the Administration's proposed levels) about $924 million, or 2.4 percent, below the amount provided for HUD in 2012, and $5.5 billion - or nearly 13 percent - below the 2010 HUD budget level. (Such an approach would require reductions below the President's request elsewhere in the federal budget.)
On a related front, HUD has just announced a new round of premium increases for FHA insurance programs that it estimates will increase federal receipts by roughly $1 billion above the level that was assumed in the Administration's fiscal year 2013 budget when it was released in February. These funds could be used to fill a portion of the funding shortfalls outlined in this analysis. In recent testimony before Congress, HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan said that restoring renewal funding for Section 8 project-based rental assistance and retracting the proposal to impose a mandatory minimum rent of $75 per month on HUD tenants would be his priorities for the use of such funds.
The decisions to be made on these issues in the months ahead are of considerable importance. If the Administration and Congress are unwilling to fully fund the renewal of low-income rental assistance in 2013 - a year when HUD will enjoy a temporary $4 - 5 billion surge in mortgage credit receipts - it is difficult see how policymakers will honor in any year ahead their oft-stated commitment to sustain rental assistance and thereby ensure that vulnerable low-income families do not face significant increased hardship as a result of action taken to reduce the budget deficit.
End Notes:
[1] See Secretary Donovan's presentation at the February 13 rollout of the HUD budget: . He cited two other principles: encouraging private capital to return to the mortgage market and making progress on HUD's "signature" initiatives, such as the Choice Neighborhoods and Sustainable Communities initiatives, as well as the Rental Assistance Demonstration authorized by Congress in 2012.
[2] See Jill Khadduri, "Housing Vouchers Are Critical for Ending Family Homelessness," National Alliance to End Homelessness, January 29 2008,; and the U.S. Conference of Mayors, "Hunger and Homelessness Survey, a Status Report on Hunger and Homelessness in America's Cities," December 2011, p. 28,.
[3] The voucher budget also includes $1.58 billion to cover the administrative expenses of state and local housing agencies, $75 million for new tenant protection vouchers, $75 million for new vouchers for homeless veterans (VASH), and $111 million to renew Section 811 mainstream vouchers for people with disabilities.
[4] The cost range takes into account the facts that voucher costs typically lag changes in the private market and are also sensitive to changes in the incomes of assisted households.
[5] More precise estimates will be available later this year after HUD releases updated program cost data.
[6] This policy is distinct from HUD's 2012 proposal, which Congress adopted, to offset funding for public housing operations in 2012 by the amount of agencies' excess public housing operating reserves.
[7] This is similar to a proposal included in the Affordable Housing and Self-Sufficiency Improvement Act (AHSSIA), which the House Subcommittee on Insurance, Housing, and Community Opportunity (of the House Financial Services Committee) approved on February 7, except that the permanent AHSSIA provision would be limited to agencies that HUD has determined operate their public housing in "a safe, clean, and healthy condition" and that HUD hasn't designated as troubled, rather than to all local agencies.
[8] The Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) authorized by Congress in the 2012 appropriations law should enable approximately 5 percent of public housing units to be rehabilitated and preserved under a new project-based rental assistance contract model of funding. While the RAD model is promising, Congress should provide adequate funding to keep the remaining 95 percent of the public housing stock in adequate condition while the model is being tested.
[9] The Bush Administration short-funded Section 8 PBRA renewals, and many stakeholders will associate short-funding with the serious problems that surfaced in 2007, when HUD found itself short of program funds and many Section 8 owners experienced lengthy delays in payments. According to HUD, however, the 2007 funding crisis was precipitated not by the short-funding policy itself but by a legal inconsistency between the policy and the existing Section 8 assistance contracts. HUD has since resolved this inconsistency by modifying the terms of the Section 8 contracts. For more information, see the testimony of HUD CFO John Cox before the House Subcommittee on Housing and Community Opportunity, October 17, 2007, .
[10] It may be possible to delay the restoration of funding to FY 2015 or perhaps even to FY 2016, but the size of the funding increase required to avoid severe cutbacks in the number of families assisted would grow considerably with each additional year of delay.
[11] The budget proposes additional measures to reduce renewal costs in the Section 8 PBRA program. While there are questions about the details of these policy proposals, they are likely to have little impact on residents and appear reasonable. HUD estimates that these proposals could yield program savings of approximately $370 million in 2013.
[12] That HUD's estimates are based on this assumption was confirmed by HUD staff during a stakeholder call on February 22. In the case of Section 8 PBRA, HUD apparently assumed that the policy would be phased in during 2013.
[13] Abt Associates et al, Study of Rents and Rent Flexibility, prepared for HUD Office of Public and Indian Housing, May 26, 2010, . According to Abt's analysis, 26 percent of housing agencies set the minimum rent at less than $50 per month.
[14] See Barbara Sard, Will Fischer, and Thyria Alvarez-Sanchez, "Proposed Change in HUD's Minimum Rent Policy Could Raise Rents For Several Hundred Thousand Poor Families," Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, November 28, 2011.
[15] The benefit levels referred to here are the levels for a family of three (a mother and two children) with no other income. See Ife Finch and Liz Schott, "TANF Benefits Fell Further in 2011 and Are Worth Much Less Than in 1996 in Most States," Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, November 21, 2011.
[16] 330,000 very poor families with children would face rent increases under the proposal. See
our analysis
for a fact sheet on a similar but somewhat less severe proposal included in AHSSIA and state-by-state estimates of the number of families that would face rent increases under that proposal. About 15,000 more families would face rent increases under the Administration's proposal than under the proposal in the House legislation.
[17] See Alan Simpson and Erskine Bowles, "Our advice to the debt supercommittee: Go big, be bold, be smart," Washington Post, September 30, 2011, .
[18] Previous CBO cost estimates of similar provisions suggest that the standard deduction increase in AHSSIA would reduce the savings from the increase in the medical-deduction threshold by about half, while implementing the changes on a rolling basis would then reduce the remaining savings by half. Annual savings of approximately $200 million would thus be reduced to one-quarter of that amount, or about $50 million.
[19] 24 C.F.R. SS 960.253(b)(1).
[20] The flat rent option was authorized by the Quality Housing and Work Responsibility Act of 1998. HUD's proposal would also apply to "ceiling" rents, which were authorized prior to the enactment of QHWRA.Performance. Innovation. Passion. Support.
We’ve been designing and building innovative products for rowing since 1976. Our passion for rowing, our pursuit of innovative design for increased performance, and our commitment to customer support have made our oars the preferred choice of top athletes around the world.
- 75% of all competitors at the 2014 World Championships used Concept2 oars and sculls.
- 90% of all sweep gold medals at the 2014 World Championships were won with Concept2 oars.
Meet a few of these athletes and their coaches below, and hear why they choose Concept2.
“We stick with Concept2 blades because of durability, innovation, worldwide support, and friendly willingness to meet very specific needs.”
—Tore Ovrebo, coach of Olaf Tufte of Norway, two-time Olympic Gold medalist, Men’s Single
“I prefer Concept2 oars since they are lighter, more elegant, and fit me best. Concept2 oars find the resistance in the beginning of the stroke, row with finesse, and maintain the horizontal line in the water very well.”
—Rumiana Neykova, Bulgaria 2008 Olympic Gold medalist, Women’s Single
“Concept2 simply is the innovator. Their advice on how to get the absolute best speed out of my oar has been a key part of my masters-level racing success. This combination of equipment, knowledge and service makes Concept2 an easy choice.”
—Greg Benning, Cambridge Boat Club
“Concept2 oars have served us well for several decades. In our experience, they are the best oars available, on top of which we enjoy cooperation for our special design requests and very good service for our particular needs.”
—Mike Spracklen, Rowing Canada Coach of Men’s Eight, 2008 Olympic Champions
“Concept2 oars continue to perform well year after year with precision production and ongoing durability. We are confident that Concept2 oars can produce a truly world-class performance. The support network is also consistent. Whether in Australia or anywhere else in the world, we know that we can access outstanding after sales service.”
—Chris O’Brien, Victoria Institute of Sport Coach of Australian Men’s Pair, 2004 and 2008 Olympic Champions
“We tested many different oars and have always come to the same conclusion, Concept2 oars are the best. That is why we use them.”
—Will Porter, Yale University Coach of two-time NCAA Women’s Varsity Champions
2012 Olympic and 2014 World Champions, Men's Pair
2013 World Champions, Men's Double
2014 World Champion, Men's Single
2010 World Champion, Women's Single
2010 World Champions
Two-time Olympic Gold medalist, Men's SingleThings to see and do - Fresno
Leaving for USA
Advertisement
Fresno Chaffee Zoo :
Nearby tourist sites
Nearby hotels
Americas Best Value Inn Fresno from59 $Book
Econo Lodge Fresno from50 $Book
Radisson Hotel Fresno Conference Center from93 $Book
Fresno Chaffee Zoo
Weather
Today
Fresno Chaffee Zoo : Michelin's recommendations
Set in an attractive park, this pleasant, 18-acre zoo harbors some 700 species of animals. Successes from the zoo's program of breeding rare and endangered species include Sumatran tigers, sable antelopes and Galápagos tortoises. Tropical birds fly about within a walk-through rain forest exhibit.
Useful Information
- Address : 894 Belmont Blvd. USA - Fresno, CA 9372893728Fresno
- Phone : 5594982671
- Website :New Orleans Health Care System Struggles to Rebuild
[Sorry, the video for this story has expired, but you can still read the transcript below. ]
TRANSCRIPT
-.
SUSAN DENTZER: This could be a MASH unit from a remote battlefield. But in reality this is urgent health care as it looks now in New Orleans. Operating in tents in the New Orleans Convention Center, doctors and nurses from the city’s shuttered Charity Hospital care for patients like LaVernia Black.
HEALTH CARE WORKER: Do the headaches come first before you black out or you black out and then you develop the headaches?
PATIENT: The headaches first and then I pass out.
SUSAN DENTZER: Dr. Peter DeBlieux directs the effort.
DR. PETER DEBLIEUX: What did we see last month — seven heart attacks, three strokes and two pregnant patients. And we’ve had a whole slew of major trauma, including knife wounds to the neck, and we simply put ourselves up in a convention center, almost no signage, and already last month we saw 4,700 people within these facilities.
HEALTH CARE WORKER: Turn your chin against my hand.
SUSAN DENTZER: But for obvious reasons, care delivered in tents can’t be all that sophisticated. Black, who doctors feared had heart trouble and bleeding in her brain, had to be transported to a fully equipped hospital outside of New Orleans.
DR. PETER DEBLIEUX (examining patient): Let me give a listen to your lungs, okay?
SUSAN DENTZER: DeBlieux and his colleagues are dismayed by the compromised state of care.
DR. PETER DEBLIEUX: The message has to be that it’s inadequate..
SUSAN DENTZER: This is the reason for those tents at the convention center: The mostly empty carcass of Charity Hospital.
DON SMITHBURG: All of what we’re about to walk through was just about completely under water.
SUSAN DENTZER: Closed since the post-Katrina flooding, it’s unlikely to open ever again.
DON SMITHBURG: One of the concerns that we have is that there’s pervasive mold.
SUSAN DENTZER: Don Smithburg recently showed us the basement which flooded after the storm. Smithburg heads Louisiana State University’s Health Sciences Division which oversees Charity.
DON SMITHBURG: We had really a huge heat wave after the hurricanes and the floods. So the mold just was spawned throughout the building in ducts that go up 21 stories.
SUSAN DENTZER: Until four days after Katrina hit New Orleans when many patients had to be evacuated from the roof by helicopter, Charity was the second oldest continuously operating hospital in the U.S. Both the hospital and a network of 16 clinics, it was New Orleans’ main source of health care for uninsured patients, caring for 90 percent of the city’s indigent.
DON SMITHBURG: This is where so much of the serious trauma took place and was cared for and treated.
SUSAN DENTZER: For years Charity also had the city’s only top or so-called level-one trauma center for treating severely injured patients.
DON SMITHBURG: To have a level-one trauma center means that you have around-the-clock, living in the building trauma surgeons, general surgeons, plastic surgeons, oral, maxillofacial surgeons, orthopedic surgeons as well as radiologists and neurosurgeons among others who are available at a moment’s notice.
SUSAN DENTZER: Dr. DeBlieux says the loss of the trauma center has huge consequences.
DR. PETER DEBLIEUX: Pre-Katrina level-one trauma center at charity hospital, you get in a car accident, you’re involved in a major fall, you have a stab wound or a gunshot wound, we have the capacity to have you in an operating room within minutes.
Flip side. That’s now shut down. Should any of those things befall you and you need a level-one trauma center, you’re going to a local area hospital that, if everything goes smoothly, you’re in an operating room in 60 minutes. It might be 90 minutes or 120 minutes. The difference in whether I get you to an operating room in ten minutes versus 120 minutes are a number of lives saved — huge impact.
SUSAN DENTZER: Even before Katrina, plans were in the works to replace Charity’s nearly 70-year-old buildings with a brand new structure at a cost of around $600 million.
SPOKESMAN: You can see all these mechanical systems here that are just obviously they’ve failed.
SUSAN DENTZER: Now the damaged buildings are the subject of a dispute between the LSU Health System and the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA.
SPOKESMAN: Again this was all completely underwater.
SUSAN DENTZER: LSU says its consulting engineers have estimated that restoring the hospital to pre-Katrina condition could cost at least $250 million. It wants to collect that much from FEMA, then use the proceeds toward building a modern new hospital.
SPOKESMAN: You can see how compromised the building is and how it’s caving in here.
SUSAN DENTZER: But FEMA’s offered $23 million, which FEMA’s outside engineering firm says will cover flood damage to the basement. FEMA says that’s all it can offer by law.
SPOKESMAN: How we could ever repair these systems, these 1938-39 systems with modern-day systems in this building is beyond us.
SUSAN DENTZER: As discussions with FEMA drag on, locals have even taken to raising pointed questions about Charity’s future as in this sign from a recent Mardi Gras parade.
HEALTH CARE WORKER: — having chest pain?
SUSAN DENTZER: Meanwhile what’s left of the health care system has little choice but to cope.
HEALTH CARE WORKER: Did he give him something for his pain. He was complaining of pain.
SUSAN DENTZER: Of 16 hospitals in the metropolitan area before Katrina, fewer than half are now open.
HEALTH CARE WORKER: I’m going to listen to your heart and lungs for a while.
SUSAN DENTZER: Brent Becnel is an emergency room nurse in New Orleans. It’s one of just three hospitals now open within the city limits.
BRENT BECNEL: At times it’s very, very scary to not know what’s going to come through the door because historically since Charity was open, all of your bad, bad injuries and your medical — just bad injuries, gunshot wounds, stabbings, things of that sort all went to Charity. Now they’re coming to you.
SUSAN DENTZER: What’s more, with only a third of the doctors who were here before Katrina, now back in the area, many patients are getting at best sporadic care.
HEALTH CARE WORKER: What do you think delayed your treatment? What was the cause of maybe you not going to see a doctor before?
PATIENT: I looked for them. You can’t find them. There weren’t any available.
SUSAN DENTZER: Herman Darby is typical. He has diabetes and recently sought care in Touro’s emergency room. The post Katrina flooding destroyed his home and along with it the special support shoes he wears.
HERMAN DARBY: All that was washed away so I went and bought a cheap pair of shoes that was too tight.
SUSAN DENTZER: Touro doctors determined Darby’s tight shoes caused a corn which became infected and resulted in gang green.
HEALTH CARE WORKER: So it’s your pinky toe on your left foot.
SUSAN DENTZER: At least one of his toes would have to be amputated.
HEALTH CARE WORKER: We’re going to keep you in the hospital. Let us know if you see any drainage or anything from your foot that is abnormal for you.
SUSAN DENTZER: New Orleans’ broken health care system clearly has to be rebuilt but the question is how. No one wants what was here before in Louisiana — probably the highest cost, lowest quality health system in the country.
The goal now is a much more efficient system that focuses on keeping people healthy. And that’s a tall order.
Dr. Fred Cerise is the secretary of Louisiana’s State Department of Health and Hospitals.
DR. FRED CERISE: We tend to pay for episodes of sickness no to maintain wellness. So I think as you look at rebuilding in the city, there will be a large effort at stepping back and thinking, okay, what do we want this to look like five years, ten years from now?
DR. KAREN DE SALVO: This is what we’ve cobbled together in one of the examining rooms in the clinic.Please do only submit sites or pages relevant to using Emacs on the Windows platform. If your submission is platform independent, please consider to submit it to: Emacs or the appropriate section.
Please submit only sites and pages of general interest for XEmacs users to this category. Modes and packages for XEmacs should be submitted to Emacs Lisp with a note stating that they are for XEmacs only."Tips on Buying Runners for Your Hallway
Tips on Buying Runners for Your Hallway from Overstock.com. Before you start shopping for hallway runners, think about what will work best for the space you have in mind.
This dashing runner rug adds texture and a burst of color in your hallway. The regal pattern in vibrant red and ivory hues provides an energetic feel to any hall. It's made of soft and durable viscose material, making it suitable for high traffic areas.
ITEM#: 14057565Add a touch of luxury to your home decor with this elegant rug. A stunning color combination of red and ivory highlight this beautiful rug..Introduction to Graphene-Based Nanomaterials. From Electronic Structure to Quantum Transport
- Language: English
- 421 Pages
- Published: January 2014. SHOW LESS READ MORE >
Indium tin oxide nanoparticle producers
Iridium nanoparticle producers
Iron oxide nanoparticle producers
Magnesium oxide nanoparticle producers
Manganese oxide nanoparticle producers
Molybdenum oxide nanoparticle producers
Nanocellulose producersFolk Espresso
Folk Espresso, early morning folk music to get your week started. A different host each week.
- Login or register to post comments
- View all playlists
Playlists Espresso playlist for 10/24/2011
Dear Listeners,
What a total absolute treat for you this morning--all this great new music from all these wonderful and wondrous and talented and creative musicians--all gathered at the Folk Alliance conference this past weekend in Eugene.
I become more and more aware of this everyday: that music can change and heal this troubled world. Support the musicians who work long and hard towards this goal. Go see them live, buy their CDs, tell your friends about them, and tell the musicians themselves that you appreciate their music. That's an order.
Warmly,
Diane
Folk Espresso playlist for 10/03/2011.Patent application title: Blood flow stimulation bandage
Inventors:
Scott Andrew West (Collingwood, CA)
IPC8 Class: AA61N100FI
USPC Class:
607 3
Class name: Light, thermal, and electrical application electrical therapeutic systems combined with nonelectrical therapy
Publication date: 2009-12-03
Patent application number: 20090299419
Abstract:
Flexible, form fitting, uniquely shaped, body part bandages incorporate
flexible carbon fibre fibre. An electrically powered radiant energy emitting therapeutic bandage for
body parts, comprising: one or more uniquely shaped, carbon fiber,
radiant energy emitting elements defining an emitter; said emitter
accommodating and conforming to a human body part shape such that the
emitter does not overlap itself nor fold over its own surface while
maintaining a uniform path of conductivity for even energy transfer and
flow, providing an even and uniform covering of the body surface and
uniform emission of energy over the entire surface, at all times
radiating energy perpendicular to the surface of the underlying body
part; attachable detachable flexible elastic compression bandage housing
such that said blood flow stimulation emitter is fashioned to adapt the
blood flow stimulation emitter to a limb or body part whereby said body
part may be subject to radiant energy therapy.
2. The device according to claim 1 wherein said emitter is shaped such that when wrapped around said body part the emitter does not fold or overlap upon itself.
3. The device according to claim 1 wherein said emitter is laid out in a pattern to provide uniform radiant energy emission over the entire surface.
4. The device according to claim 1 wherein said emitter is laid out in a pattern to provide a non-uniform but intended energy emission pattern over the entire surface.
5. The device according to claim 1 wherein said emitter is powered by an external power supply.
6. The device according to claim 1 wherein the power signal to said emitter is varied in one or a plurality of amplitude, frequency, modulation or other electrical characteristics to alter one or a plurality of the operation intensity, frequency, or pulse rate of the emitted blood flow stimulating radiant energy.
7. The device according to claim 1 wherein the device also includes mechanical, vibration stimulation, ultrasonic stimulation, thermal stimulation or other combinational therapeutic modalities in addition to the blood flow stimulation of said device.
8. The device according to claim 1 for use on animals
9. The device according to claim 1 for use internally
10. The device according to claim 1 wherein the device is powered from a fixed power source such as a wall receptacle.
11. The device according to claim 1 wherein the device is powered from a mobile power source such as a battery or regenerative power supply.
12. The device according to claim 1 wherein the emitter operates at a fixed output.
13. The device according to claim 1 wherein the emitter operates with variable outputs selectable through dials or switches on the device or the power supply or through software or otherwise.
14. The device according to claim 1 wherein said emitter emits the majority of its radiant energy with a wavelength between 0.8-15 microns.
15. The device according to claim 1 wherein said emitter modulates the majority of it's radiant energy with a frequency between 0.5 MHz-5 MHz.
16. The device according to claim 1 wherein said emitter modulates the majority of it's radiant energy with a frequency between 20 Hz-200 Hz.
17. The device according to claim 1 wherein said radiant energy emitter is housed in a form fitting compression bandage which may be fashioned utilizing a flexible material such as neoprene and may be fastened using attachment emitters such as VELCRO hook and fasteners, buttons, snaps, straps and other fasteners may also be used to good advantage
18. The device according to claim 1 wherein said compression bandage includes a pocket to house the radiant energy emitter, whereby said emitter can be removed from the bandage.
Description:
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
[0001]This invention relates to radiant energy body part therapy devices, and more particularly to muscle and/or body part bandages incorporating electrically powered, flexible, carbon fibre, radiant energy blood flow stimulating planar emitters.
[000.
[0003 though the use of electrical charges or vibrational sound (ultrasound) waves or a light source. Infrared Radiant Energy is perhaps the most promising of all modalities.
[0004]The human body naturally generates and absorbs a spectrum of radiant energy. Radiant energy heats the body by conversion. Radiant energy penetrates the body and is absorbed by the cells. The cells vibrate and convert the radiant energy into heat energy.
[0007]Industry advancements have provided commercially available carbon fibre cloth that is now suitable of applications proposed in Bender's design. Even with the use of Carbon Fibre8]Several other approaches to energy therapy treatments are know in the prior art including:
TABLE-US-00001 US Patent Document No. Inventor US2008/0077203 A1 Malak US 2008/0156786 A1 Choi US 2008/0200971 A1 Dodo 4,303,074 Bender 4,960,979 Nishimura 4,981,135 Hardy 6,108,581 Jung US 6,458,109 B1 Henley et al. US 6,921,374 B2 Augustine Foreign Patent Document No. Country & Date DE 101 35 339 A1 Germany, February 2003 JP 7-085954 Japan, March 1995 JP 7-282961 Japan, October 1995 JP 8-38539 Japan, February 1996 JP 2001-137367 Japan, May 2001
BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
[0009]The invention describe herein advances the art. The carbon fibre10]The invention described herein uses a signal stage process to generate electromagnetic radiation in a preferred frequency range. Typical emitters use a broad spectrum heat source and use a layer of filter material to reflect or filter the unwanted frequencies. The carbon fibre energy emitters utilized in the present invention are highly efficient at converting electrical power in to electro magnetic radiation in the preferred range of frequency.
[0011]The energy therapy bandage utilizes a unique flexible blood flow stimulating emitter that radiates energy at an ideal frequency which penetrates deep into human tissue. The emitter is made with carbon fibre1213]FIG. 1A depicts a carbon emitter shaped and contoured to conform to a joint.
[0014]FIG. 1B illustrates a compression wrap shaped constructed to apply the emitter.
[0015]FIG. 1C shows a power supply and programmable power controller.
[0016]FIG. 1D shows a battery power supply connected to a programmable power controller.
[0017]FIG. 2A illustrates a carbon emitter shaped for the ankle joint.
[0018]FIG. 2B depicts a carbon emitter conforming to the ankle joint.
[0019]FIG. 2C depicts a carbon emitter shaped to conform to the knee joint.
[0020]FIG. 2D illustrates a carbon emitter conforming to the knee joint.
[0021]FIG. 3A depicts a carbon emitter shaped for the elbow joint.
[0022]FIG. 3B illustrates a carbon emitter curved to contour to the elbow joint.
[0023]FIG. 3C depicts a carbon emitter shaped for the shoulder joint.
[0024]FIG. 3D illustrates a carbon emitter conforming to the shoulder joint.
[0025]FIG. 4A depicts a carbon emitter shaped for the ankle joint.
[0026]FIG. 4B depicts a carbon emitter shaped for the knee joint.
[0027]FIG. 4C depicts a carbon emitter shaped for the lower back.
[0028]FIG. 4D depicts a carbon emitter shaped for the full length back.
[0029]FIG. 4E depicts a carbon emitter shaped for the upper back and neck.
[0030]FIG. 4F depicts a carbon emitter shaped for the shoulder joint.
[0031]FIG. 4H depicts a carbon emitter shaped for the wrist joint.
[0032]FIG. 5A is a diagram of a carbon emitter circuit and a method for fine adjustment.
[0033]FIG. 5B is a drawing detailing the radiant energy emission pattern.
[0034]FIG. 5C illustrates a typical element layout and the associated emission pattern.
[0035]FIG. 6A illustrates the details of the compression wrap designed to hold the emitter.
[0036]FIG. 6B show a compression wrap, housing an emitter and applied to a joint.
DRAWING REFERENCE POINTS
[0037]1. Carbon emitter fashioned to contour to a joint without over lap. [0038]2. Compression wrap fashioned to apply a carbon emitter to a joint [0039]3. Compression wrap applied to a joint. [0040]4. Programmable energy output controller for carbon emitter. [0041]5. Power adapter to supply power from a home receptacle. [0042]6. Battery power supply for the carbon emitter. [0043]7. Carbon emitter shaped for the ankle joint. [0044]8. Carbon emitter applied to the ankle joint. [0045]9. Carbon emitter shaped for the knee joint. [0046]10. Carbon emitter applied to the knee joint. [0047]11. Carbon emitter shaped for the elbow joint. [0048]12. Carbon emitter contoured for the elbow joint. [0049]13. Carbon emitter shaped for the shoulder joint. [0050]14. Carbon emitter applied to the shoulder joint. [0051]15. Flexible conductor connection carbon emitter bands. [0052]16. Minimized gap between carbon emitter bands. [0053]17. Adhesive conductor to adjust the length of the carbon emitter circuit. [0054]18. Carbon fibre emitter bands with specific output characteristics. [0055]19. Energy emissions overlapping to provide uniform penetration. [0056]20. Output energy pattern of carbon fibre emitter bands. [0057]21. Gap in emission coverage with typical emitter configurations. [0058]22. Energy emission pattern for typical emitter (existing technology). [0059]23. Typical emitter cord element. [0060]24. Shaped wrap fashioned to contour to a joint. [0061]25. Elastic material for flexible conformity to the joint and compression. [0062]26. Inside shaped pocket to house the energy emitter. [0063]27. Versatile fastening device to secure the wrap in place. [0064]28. Compression wrap shown applied to a joint.
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION
[0065666768]The present invention provides a form fitting therapeutic compression wrap 2 incorporating a flexible carbon fibre radiant energy blood flow stimulating emitter 1 so that radiant energy heat therapy can be applied to body parts and adjacent tissues.
[0069]In the preferred embodiment, the radiant energy heater would consist of flexible carbon fibre fabric grid 7, be powered electrically 5 and would emit a majority of radiant energy at a wavelength between 3 and 15 microns.
[0070 fibre fibre material. The runs of the carbon circuit can be very close together providing uniform energy output across the entire surface of the emitter--FIG. 5B.
[007172]The compression bandage includes a compartment 26 to house the emitter. The emitter can be removed from the bandage. The position of the emitter can be adjusted inside the compartment.
[0073 Combined with nonelectrical therapy
Patent applications in all subclasses Combined with nonelectrical therapy
User Contributions:
Comment about this patent or add new information about this topic:David Letterman said his final farewell as "Late Show" host in a touching and hilarious star-studded send-off. The ladies and guest co-hosts Melissa Rivers and Carnie Wilson discuss the highlights.Watch Clip
Chef David Guas visits "The Talk" to show the ladies some of his fabulous summer recipes that are perfect for Memorial Day Weekend!Watch Clip
Sean Valentine visits "The Talk" to discuss Ashton Kutcher blasting news agencies for printing photos of his 7 month old daughter. Should celebrities expect privacy for their kids? Guest co-host Melissa Rivers and host Sara Gilbert weigh in.Watch Clip
Olivier Martinez visits "The Talk" to chat with the ladies and guest co-hosts Carnie Wilson and Melissa Rivers about his upcoming 5-part miniseries on the History Channel, "Texas Rising."Watch Clip
Chef David Guas returns to "The Talk" for a Memorial Day cooking segment. David is here to promote his newest cookbook "Grill Nation: 200 Surefire Recipes, Tips, and Techniques to Grill Like a Pro" and his restaurant Bayou Bakery, Coffee Bar & Eatery in Arlington, VA and Washington DC.Read Recipes
As host of Travel Channel's "American Grilled," Chef David Guas travels the country seeking backyard cooking's best and boldest flavors. In Grill Nation, Guas shares the secrets he's learned along the way, offering pit-proven tips, techniques, and delicious recipes for year-round smoking, grilling, and barbecuing.Enter to Win!
Chef Mark Tarbell stops by "The Talk" to show the ladies some delicious recipes for a classic summer seafood lunch.Watch Clip
Host Aisha Tyler reveals how fellow actor and friend Sam Rockwell got her interested in acting while going to school together in San Francisco.Watch ClipSteve Laflin
CEO
Updated On : Mar 25, 2015
4137 Commerce Circle
Idaho Falls, ID 83401
HQ Phone: 208-524-5300
Direct Phone: Not Available
Type:
Private
Employees:
20 - 49
Revenue:
5 - 10 Million
Industry:
Biotech/Healthcare->BioTech/Drugs
SIC Code:
3825 - Instruments To Measure Electricity
Located in Idaho Falls, ID International Isotopes Inc has Steve Laflin serving as the organization's CEO. Need Steve Laflin's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in International Isotopes Inc Lead411 profile, along with their International Isotopes Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for International Isotopes Inc on Lead411 under the Biotech/drugs industry. Some possible email formats for Steve Laflin are SLaflin@intisoid.com, Steve.Laflin@intisoid.com, Steve@intisoid.com, and Steve_Laflin@intisoid.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@intisoid.com addresses.
Similar People:
Steve Lerch - Other
Steve Lerch is the current Senior Engineer II. You can find Steve Lerch's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Johnson Controls, Inc.'s Lead411 profile, as well as Johnson Controls, Inc. email addresses with the @johnsoncontrols.com domain format. Steve Lerch's email may or may not be inside the profile. Johnson Controls, Inc. is situated in Milwaukee, WI. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Auto parts/services. Some possible email formats for Steve Lerch are SLerch@johnsoncontrols.com, Steve.Lerch@johnsoncontrols.com, Steve@johnsoncontrols.com, and Steve_Lerch@johnsoncontrols.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@johnsoncontrols.com addresses.
Steve Lester - Executive
Steve Lester is part of LL Brown Insurance, an organization which has its main offices in Blacksburg, VA. Steve serves as the VP at LL Brown Insurance. If you're searching for LL Brown Insurance email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @llbrown.net along with Steve Lester's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.LL Brown Insurance's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Insurance industry. Some possible email formats for Steve Lester are SLester@llbrown.net, Steve.Lester@llbrown.net, Steve@llbrown.net, and Steve_Lester@llbrown.net. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@llbrown.net addresses.
Steve Lassetter - Other
Steve Lassetter is the current Lead Applications Developer. You can find Steve Lassetter's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on Fifth Third Bank's Lead411 profile, as well as Fifth Third Bank email addresses with the @53.com domain format. Steve Lassetter's email may or may not be inside the profile. Fifth Third Bank is situated in Cincinnati, OH. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Banks. Some possible email formats for Steve Lassetter are SLassetter@53.com, Steve.Lassetter@53.com, Steve@53.com, and Steve_Lassetter@53.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@53.com addresses.
Similar Employees:
Audrey Nelson - Technology
A Quality Assurance Manager at International Isotopes Inc based in Idaho Falls, ID, Audrey Nelson has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on International Isotopes Inc in our Biotech/drugs category. The company CEO is Steve Laflin. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Audrey Nelson' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Audrey Nelson. Some possible email formats for Audrey Nelson are ANelson@intisoid.com, Audrey.Nelson@intisoid.com, Audrey@intisoid.com, and Audrey_Nelson@intisoid.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@intisoid.com addresses.
John Miller - Executive
Need to know John Miller's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography? You can find contact information on International Isotopes Inc's Lead411 profile. John Miller is the Radiation/Industrial Safety Officer for International Isotopes Inc, an organization which has its base in Idaho Falls, ID. One can also find International Isotopes Inc email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @intisoid.com url. Biotech/drugs is International Isotopes Inc's industry within the Lead411 database. Some possible email formats for John Miller are JMiller@intisoid.com, John.Miller@intisoid.com, John@intisoid.com, and John_Miller@intisoid.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@intisoid.com addresses.
Erika Alexandre - Administration
A Idaho Falls, ID-based organization, International Isotopes Inc is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @intisoid.com email addresses, as well as details on Erika Alexandre's email, the organization's Administration/Customer Services. Their profile can be found in Biotech/drugs category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Erika Alexandre, you can also find them in Lead411. Some possible email formats for Erika Alexandre are EAlexandre@intisoid.com, Erika.Alexandre@intisoid.com, Erika@intisoid.com, and Erika_Alexandre@intisoid.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@intisoid.com addresses.
People Directory > Steve LaflinHi I intalled postgreSQL 8.0.3 from win installer. I am trying to create my own c functions to exetend the functionallity of postgres. I had some trouble so I tryed add_one function as it is shown in the documentation. When I use the old convention I am able to run the function fine when I use the new convention with the macros after i call the function I get the following error: server closed the connection unexpectedly This probably means the server terminated abnormally before or while processing the request. After playing with it a little I came if a conclusion that the arguments or the fcinfo struct is not properly initialized since the code breaks only when I try to access the arguments either through the macros or directly. My IDE is VS.NET 2003 The code that brakes is the following: PG_FUNCTION_INFO_V1(add_one); Datum add_one(PG_FUNCTION_ARGS) { int32 arg = PG_GETARG_INT32(0); PG_RETURN_INT32(arg); } But the following works: Datum add_one(PG_FUNCTION_ARGS) { FunctionCallInfo fcc; fcc = (struct FunctionCallInfoData *)malloc(sizeof(struct FunctionCallInfoData)); fcc->nargs = 4; return (int32)fcc->nargs; } Any help will be appreciated. email:kostadin_m(at)yahoo(dot)com --------------------------------- Yahoo! Sports Rekindle the Rivalries. Sign up for Fantasy FootballFigures
Abstract
Progressive retinal degenerations are the most common causes of complete blindness both in human and in dogs. Canine progressive retinal atrophy (PRA) or degeneration resembles human retinitis pigmentosa (RP) and is characterized by a progressive loss of rod photoreceptor cells followed by a loss of cone function. The primary clinical signs are detected as vision impairment in a dim light. Although several genes have been associated with PRAs, there are still PRAs of unknown genetic cause in many breeds, including Papillons and Phalènes. We have performed a genome wide association and linkage studies in cohort of 6 affected Papillons and Phalènes and 14 healthy control dogs to map a novel PRA locus on canine chromosome 2, with a 1.9 Mb shared homozygous region in the affected dogs. Parallel exome sequencing of a trio identified an indel mutation, including a 1-bp deletion, followed by a 6-bp insertion in the CNGB1 gene. This mutation causes a frameshift and premature stop codon leading to probable nonsense mediated decay (NMD) of the CNGB1 mRNA. The mutation segregated with the disease and was confirmed in a larger cohort of 145 Papillons and Phalènes (PFisher = 1.4×10−8) with a carrier frequency of 17.2 %. This breed specific mutation was not present in 334 healthy dogs from 10 other breeds or 121 PRA affected dogs from 44 other breeds. CNGB1 is important for the photoreceptor cell function its defects have been previously associated with retinal degeneration in both human and mouse. Our study indicates that a frameshift mutation in CNGB1 is a cause of PRA in Papillons and Phalènes and establishes the breed as a large functional animal model for further characterization of retinal CNGB1 biology and possible retinal gene therapy trials. This study enables also the development of a genetic test for breeding purposes.
Citation: Ahonen SJ, Arumilli M, Lohi H (2013) A CNGB1 Frameshift Mutation in Papillon and Phalène Dogs with Progressive Retinal Atrophy. PLoS ONE 8(8): e72122. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0072122
Editor: Ralf Krahe, University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, United States of America
Received: May 16, 2013; Accepted: July 10, 2013; Published: August 28,
Progressive retinal degeneration or atrophy is one of the most common causes of blindness both in human and in dog affecting the retinal photoreceptor cells. The most typical type of canine progressive retinal atrophy (PRA) is primary rod degeneration, where the light sensitive rod photoreceptor cells degenerate, resulting visual impairment in the dark light. When the disease progresses to the cone cells, which function in the day light, the vision is completely lost [1]. Ophthalmoscopically the initial clinical signs include tapetal hyperreflectivity, retinal vascular attenuation and pigment changes and atrophy of the optic nerve. [2]
Various forms of PRA have been diagnosed in different breeds of dog, some breeds have been found to manifest more than one type of the disease. Most canine PRAs are recessively inherited and 12 causative genes are known including ADAM metallopeptidase domain 9 (ADAM9) [3], bestrophin (BEST1) [4], chromosome 2 open reading frame 71 (C2orf71) [5], cyclic nucleotide gated channel beta 3 (CNGB3) [6], nephronophthisis (NPHP4) [7], phosphodiesterase 6A, cGMP-specific, rod, alpha (PDE6A) [8], rod cGMP-specific 3',5'-cyclic phosphodiesterase subunit beta (PDE6B) [9], rhodopsin (RHO) [10], retinitis pigmentosa GTPase regulator-interacting protein (RPGRIP1) [11], retinal pigment epithelium-specific protein (RPE65) [12], solute carrier family 4, anion exchanger, member 3 (SLC4A3) [13], progressive rod-cone degeneration (PRCD) gene [14]. Furthermore, three X-linked canine PRAs are known [15], [16]. However, there are still other PRA affected breeds of unknown genetic cause.
Papillon breed is affected with an autosomal recessive late onset PRA with a mean onset at 5.6 years of age [17]. Based on the electroretinogram (ERG) recordings, affected dogs have a primary loss of the rod photoreceptor cells, followed by loss of cone cell function [18], [19]. The first clinical signs are seen as difficulties in the dim light. The disease progress very slowly and the affected dogs seem to be visually normal throughout their life, as the cone function is fairly well preserved [18], [19]. The ophthalmoscopical signs include increased tapetal reflectivity and retinal vascular attenuation followed by pigment migration in the non-tapetal fundus [17].
According to Fèdèration Cynologique Internationale (FCI), Papillon breed is separated to two different breeds, Papillon and Phalène in Europe. Separation is based on the ear morphology, Papillons having bricked ears and Phalènes more low set ears. Genetic background is expected to be similar as both types of dogs are born in the same litter and puppies are registered in Europe based on their ear morphology. The American Kennel Club registers both types as Papillons. Due to shared breed origin, it is reasonable to hypothesize that the genetic cause of PRA is shared.
We have established a pedigree and a study cohort of PRA affected and unaffected Papillons and Phalènes to identify the cause of the disease. We performed a genome wide association, linkage and exome sequencing studies to map the disease to a region in CFA2 and to identify a frameshift-causing indel mutation in the cyclic nucleotide gated channel beta 1 (CNGB1) gene in the affected dogs.
Materials and Methods
Study cohort
Blood and buccal swab samples were collected from pet dogs to the Dog DNA bank at the University of Helsinki, Finland. All samples were submitted by the owners’ consent and were collected under the permission of animal ethical committee of County Administrative Board of Southern Finland (ESAVI/6054/04.10.03/2012). Genomic DNA was extracted from EDTA blood samples, using Chemagic Magnetic Separation Module I (MSM I) (Chemagen Biopolymer-Technologie AG, Baeswieler, Germany) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. DNA from buccal swabs (Eurotubo Cytobrush, sterile, 200mm, Danlab, Helsinki, Finland) was extracted using QIAamp DNA Mini Kit (Qiagen). A retinal sample from an Australian Cattle Dog, euthanized for unrelated causes and free of PRA, was taken post mortem with owner’s consent. RNA was extracted using RNeasy Mini Kit (Qiagen) according to manufacturer’s instructions. DNA and RNA concentrations were measured using Nanodrop ND-1000 UV/Vis Spectrophotometer (Nanodrop technologies, Wilmington, Delaware, USA) and stored at -20°C (DNA) or −80°C (RNA).
We have collected altogether samples from 59 Papillons and from 116 Phalènes in our Dog DNA bank. We selected clinically confirmed cases for our genetic studies. Samples were collected from affected Papillons (n = 4) or Phalènes (n = 2) with clinical signs consistent with PRA, including tapetal hyper-reflectivity, retinal pigmentary changes and vascular attenuation. Control dogs (n = 14) in the mapping study were eye examined healthy over seven years of age.
A pedigree was constructed around the affected dogs using the genealogical data available in public canine registries such as the Finnish Kennel Club’s Koiranet, the Swedish Kennel Club’s Hunddata databases or as informed by the owners. A GenoPro genealogy software was utilized to draw the pedigree.
Genome wide association study
A genome-wide association study (GWAS) was performed using Illumina’s CanineHD BeadChip arrays (San Diego, CA, USA) for 6 cases (4 Papillons, 2 Phalènes) and 14 controls (3 Papillons, 11 Phalènes). Genotyping was performed in our core facility at the FIMM Technology Center. Quality control procedures were included when analyzing the data. Only SNPs which met Hardy-Weinberg expectations P≤0.0001, had ≥95% genotyping rate and minor allele frequency (MAF) of 5% were included in the analysis, resulting in the exclusion of 64640 SNPs out of 173662. The GWAS data is available from the researchers upon request.
To compare the allele frequencies, a case-control association test was performed using PLINK 1.07 [20]. Significance values from these analyses were used to generate a whole-genome association plot using the statistical package R [21]. Identity-by-state (IBS) clustering and CMH meta-analysis (PLINK) were used to adjust for population stratification. Genome-wide corrected empirical p-values were determined by applying 100.000 permutations to the data. The GWAS data was also re-analyzed (PLINK) by adjusting for the strongest SNP on CFA2 (BICF2P309315) to detect the presence of any modifier loci.
Besides association, the genotyping data was analyzed using a joint family-based linkage and association analysis program Pseudomarker [22]. The family-based analyses were performed under a recessive inheritance model, and included parametric single-point linkage test, association analysis (LD|Linkage) and joint analysis (LD+Linkage).
Exome sequencing
Exome sequencing was performed for a trio of Phalènes, including an affected proband and healthy parent dogs (Fig. 1). The coding sequences were captured using Agilent’s Canine Exome Capture Kit (Agilent, Santa Clara, CA, USA) that was designed based on the build 2.1 of the canine genome reference sequence. The capture included a 54 Mb design that covered the Ensemble and RefSeq Genes from the UCSC track, human protein alignments and spliced ESTs that lie outside of Ensemble. The capture was performed according the manufacturer’s instruction and the sequencing was performed using the Illumina HiSeq2000. Both the capture and sequencing were performed at the FIMM technology center. The exome sequencing data is available upon request.
Pedigree indicates the affected dogs that were used in the study. Samples from six affected dogs were available for genotyping. Disease segregation is consistent with autosomal recessive mode of inheritance as all affected dogs are born from healthy parents and both sexes are affected. Obligate carrier parents of affected dogs are marked in the pedigree. Obligate carriers genotyped as heterozygous for CNGB1 mutation are marked with a yellow background.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0072122.g001
The data analysis included quality control, alignment, variant calling and annotation of the variants. Quality control was performed using FASTX toolkit () to remove the low quality raw-data and to reduce the false positives, followed by alignment of the reads to the build 2.1 of the canine genome reference sequence with Burrows-Wheeler (BWA) aligner tool [23]. The aligned reads were then directed to the variant calling programs GATK [24] and Samtools [25] to identify the SNPs and short indels present within the exome samples. Pindel [26] program was used to identify the structural variants. Finally, the identified variants were annotated against NCBI and Ensembl databases to find out the variants present in the coding and non-coding regions and to the dbSNP131 to identify known polymorphic variants. The annotation was performed using ANNOVAR [27] and in-house custom R-scripts. The data was then filtered assuming a recessive mode of inheritance using in-house R-scripts.
Mutation screening and validation
An indel in exon 25, including 1-bp deletion followed by 6-bp insertion was found in the cyclic nucleotide gated channel beta 1 (CNGB1) and a non-synonymous variant in 2-oxoglutarate and iron-dependent oxygenase domain containing 1 (OGFOD1) genes. These variants were confirmed by PCR in additional cases and controls. PCR primer pairs were designed using Primer3 [28] software to amplify the variants from genomic DNA. The mutation on exon 25 of the CNGB1 gene was amplified from 6 PRA affected and 14 control Papillons and Phalènes and one Rough Collie using forward primer 5'-AACAATCTCCTGGAGCCTCA-3' and reverse primer 5'-TGGAAGCAACGGTAGAGAAGA-3'. The non-synonymous mutation on exon 9 of the OGFOD1 gene was amplified from 6 PRA affected and 10 controls dogs and one Rough Collie with forward primer 5'-CTTGTGCTTGAGTTGGATGTG-3' and reverse primer 5'-TGGGAGAGCGAAGACTTTGT-3'.
The best associated SNP on CFA1 (BICF2P839236) was amplified in a larger sample cohort of 6 affected and 168 controls using forward primer 5'-TCCAATCCTTAATGTTCTAAAGTGAA-3' and reverse primer 5'-CCCAGATTAAGATGATTCACCA-3'.
To further investigate the disease associated variant in a larger sample cohort the CNGB1 variant was sequenced from 43 Papillons and 93 Phalènes. In addition, the mutation was studied in 121 dogs from other breeds affected with PRA or retinal degeneration, representing 44 breeds (Table S3) and 334 healthy control dogs from 10 breeds, including Australian Shepherd (n = 20), Border Collie (n = 92), Chihuahua (n = 19), Finnish Lapphund (n = 93), Japanese Chin (n = 14), Shetland Sheepdog (n = 20), Silk Terrier (n = 20), Toy Poodle (n = 20), West Highland White Terrier (n = 20) and Wire Haired Dachshund (n = 16).
The PCR reactions were carried in 12 μl reactions consisting of 0.6 U Biotools polymerase (Biotools, Madrid, Spain), 200 μM dNTPs (Thermo Scientific), 1.5 mM MgCl2 (Biotools), 1 x PCR buffer (Biotools), 0.83μl of forward and reverse primers (Sigma Aldrich) and 10 ng template genomic DNA or mRNA. The reaction mixtures were subjected to a thermal cycling program of 95°C for 10 min, followed by 35 cycles of 95°C for 30 s, 30 s at the annealing temperature 60°C, Sequencher software (Gene Codes, Ann Arnbor, MI, USA).
The CNGB1 mRNA sequence (XM_848817.1) was amplified using Biotools (Biotools) polymerase and PCR protocol described above with annealing temperature of 62°C. The primers used for amplification are listed in supplementary data (Table S1).
Results
We established a cohort of PRA affected and unaffected Papillons and Phalènes to map the disease locus and to identify the genetic cause. Clinical signs reported from the affected dogs were consistent with PRA, including tapetal hyper-reflectivity and vascular attenuation. The average age of the PRA diagnosis was 4.3 years. The pedigree established around the affected dogs suggested a recessive mode of inheritance (Fig. 1).
We first studied the retinitis pigmentosa GTPase regulator interacting protein 1 (RPGRIP1), originally associated with PRA in the Miniature Longhaired Dachshunds as a candidate gene in our study cohort using the described PCR conditions for the mutation [11]. We found a high carrier frequency in the breed 17.1 % (25/146), but only one affected dog was homozygous for RPGRIP1 mutation. This leaves the role of RPGRIP1 unclear and we, therefore, initiated a genome-wide association and linkage analyses to map the PRA locus in a cohort of 6 PRA affected and 14 unaffected dogs. Control dogs were ophthalmologically normal when examined at greater than seven years of age. Statistical analysis by PLINK [20] identified the most highly associated SNP, BICF2P309315 in CFA2 at 61428709 bp (praw = 4.7×10−6, pgenome = 0.1) (build 2.1 of the canine genome reference sequence) (Fig. 2A). The association was supported by six closely positioned markers. Another tentative region with two separate SNPs positioned from 70352612 bp to 77628107 bp was found in CFA1 with the best associated SNP, BICF2P839236 (praw = 7.0×10−6, pgenome = 0.2). Re-analysis of the data by adjusting for the strongest SNP (BICF2P309315) on CFA2 did not support the association on CFA1 (BICF2P839236, p = 0.9) confirming the association on CFA2. In addition, genotyping of the best associated SNP on CFA1 in a larger cohort of 6 cases and 168 controls (p = 6.97×10−5) did not improve the original tentative GWAS association (p = 10−6) and strongly suggest that CFA1 does not play a role in the disease etiology. No significant population structure was identified by genome wide IBS clustering (genomic inflation factor = 1).
A) A Manhattan plot of genome-wide case-control association analysis performed using 6 cases and 14 controls indicate the most highly associated region in CFA2. B) The PRA associated region on chromosome 2 spans from 61.4 Mb to 63.3 Mb based on association, linkage and joint analyses. C) Genotypes at the PRA associated region on CFA2. All cases share a 1.9 Mb homozygous block, and within this block SNPs BICF2S23238410, BICF2P309315 and BICF2P75954 show complete recessive segregation with the disease. D) Chromatograms of the c.2685delA (arrow), c.2687_2688insTAGCTA (shadowed) mutations in CNGB1 gene in an affected (2) and normal (1) dog. The CNGB1 gene is located between the two segregating SNPs (BICF2P309315, BICF2P75954).
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0072122.g002
The association results were confirmed by a joint family-based linkage and association analysis using a Pseudomarker program. The joint analysis identified the most highly linked region covering nine SNPs at the same locus on CFA2 between 61198715 bp to 64929333 bp, (linkage p = 1.0×10−6, association p = 8.7×10−6 and joint analysis p = 1.9×10−7) (Fig. 2B). A weaker association was identified also in CFA1 (linkage p = 1.0×10−6, association p = 2.0×10−6 and joint analysis p = 2.0×10−6) (data not shown).
Assessment of genotypes at the associated CFA2 locus revealed a shared 1.9 Mb homozygous haplotype block in all of the affected dogs (Fig. 2C), with recessively segregating markers between 61420765-61645929 bp. The associated region contains 37 genes, including a known human RP gene, CNGB1.
Based on the exome sequencing data, on average 97 % of the generated raw reads were aligned to CanFam2.1 reference sequence per individual. Of these reads 76 % on average, were aligned to the target region. Each individual had a mean depth of 95 reads on average in the targeted region and 98.9 % of the targeted region was covered with at least one read and about 74 % of the target regions were covered with at least 20 reads (Table S2). The variant calling algorithms detected altogether 129590 single nucleotide variants (SNVs) and 25905 indels across the three individuals. After analyzing the trio according to a recessive mode of inheritance (an affected proband and healthy parent dogs), 204 SNVs and 9 indels were identified. Of the coding variants, two were located in the associated region on CFA2: a 1-bp deletion followed by a 6-bp insertion in the CNGB1 gene (c.2685delA2687_2688insTAGCTA) (Fig. 2D) and a non-synonymous c.1128G>A, p.376M>I mutation in the OGFOD1 gene. The indel variant in CNGB1 causes a frameshift and a premature stop-codon p.Tyr889Serfs*5 in an evolutionary conserved region (Fig. 3A and B), while the missense mutation in OGFOD1 was predicted to be benign based on the bioinformatics prediction using Polyphen2 [29] and SIFT-programs [30]. We further analyzed the exome data for the region on CFA1, but did not have any case-specific variants, supporting the CFA2 as the causative locus and CNGB1 mutation as causative for the PRA in the breeds.
A) CNGB1 amino acid alignment of the normal and affected dogs. The p.Tyr889Serfs*5 mutation in the affected dog results in a loss of a significant part of the C-terminus of the protein and probable NMD of the CNGB1 mRNA B) CNGB1 sequence alignment between different vertebrates. The mutation is located in a highly conserved region across species. The arrows mark the first mutated amino acid caused by the frameshift and the premature stop codon.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0072122.g003
To gather further evidence for the CNGB1 mutation, we genotyped all six PRA affected dogs and all were homozygous indicating a full segregation with the disease. We also genotyped four obligatory carriers from the pedigree (Fig. 1) and they were all mutation carriers. We then genotyped additional 145 randomly selected unaffected Papillons and Phalènes and found four additional dogs homozygous for the mutation and a 17.2% carrier frequency (25/145) was indicated. Of the four homozygous dogs found in the population screening, one was reported to have vision problems in the dim light, which may indicate that the dog is indeed affected with PRA. However, the dog has not had ophthalmologic examination. This dog’s full sibling was also homozygous but neither has been ophthalmologically examined. Two other homozygous dogs had been ophthalmologically examined at very young age (1-2 years), well before the average age of onset of the PRA in the breed and it is likely that the clinical signs are not present at this age. The clinical follow up of these dogs would be important in coming years. We found also 25 carriers of which 52 % have been ophthalmologically examined after 4 years of age and none of them have been diagnosed with PRA. These results indicate a highly significant association between the mutation and disease (PFisher = 1.4×10−8) when comparing genotyped homozygous affected dogs (n = 6) and dogs free of PRA using Fisher’s exact test. The healthy dogs included 4 dogs homozygous for the mutation, 25 heterozygous and 116 dog homozygous for the reference allele.
To gain further support for the causality of the CNGB1 mutation, we screened additional 334 healthy dogs from 10 other breeds but the mutation was not found. In addition, the mutation was studied in 121 dogs from 44 other breeds affected with PRA or retinal degeneration (Table S3), but none of these affected dogs had the CNGB1 mutation. Collectively, these results indicate that the CNGB1 mutation is causal and breed-specific in Papillons and Phalènes.
The entire CNGB1 mRNA was successfully amplified from a retinal sample from a PRA-free Australian Cattle Dog [Genbank Accession KF551910], indicating that the canine CNGB1 is also transcribed in the retina.
Discussion
We have performed a series of genetic analyses, including GWAS, linkage and exome sequencing to identify the mutation for PRA in Papillon and Phalène breeds. Although we managed to establish only a small cohort and pedigree of cases and controls, we mapped a 1.9 Mb locus at CFA2, and confirmed it by both association and linkage approaches according to our pedigree analyses with the expected recessive mode of inheritance. The associated region at CFA2 contains 37 genes, including a known human retinitis pigmentosa gene, CNGB1. It is clinically and functionally highly relevant candidate gene for PRA in the Papillon and Phalène breeds. Importantly, our exome data, covering all the coding regions of the associated locus, revealed CNGB1 to be the only gene with a disease segregating pathogenic mutation: a complex indel variant was found in exon 25 resulting in a premature stop codon and predicting nonsense mediated decay (NMD) of the CNGB1 mRNA. NMD eliminates the production of mRNA that contains premature translation termination codon and code for nonfunctional polypeptide. In mammalian cells nonsense codons are recognized after splicing and mRNA is programmed to NMD, if there is at least one splicing generated exon-exon junction >50-55 nucleotides downstream of the premature termination codon [31], [32]. As the identified mutation in the CNGB1 is on exon 25 and the c.2685delA2687_2688insTAGCTA variation is 127 nucleotides from the nearest exon-exon junction downstream, it is hypothesized that the mRNA is subjected to NMD and no protein is translated.
The CNGB1 gene encodes for a rod photoreceptor cyclic guanosine monophosphate-gated (cGMP) channel β-subunit and is a part of the rod photoreceptor cGMP-gated cation channel complex [33]. This complex consists α and β-subunits and form tetrameric cyclic nucleotide gated (CNG) channels [34], [35]. The visual transduction cascade is mediated by this non-selective cation channel, which is directly gated by cGMP [36]. The channel controls for the flow of sodium and calcium ions through the plasma membrane in response to light induced changes in cGMP level [33]. The β-subunit contains a channel-like structure, but does not form functional subunit without the co-expression of the α-subunit [34], [33]. The α-subunit contains six membrane segments, a voltage sensor region, a pore region and a cGMP-binding motif [37].
The human CNGB1 comprises of 33 exons and several different transcripts have been found in different tissues [38]. In the retina, at least seven different transcripts are expressed [38]. Rod cells contain a long isoform of the CNGB1 (CNGB1a) [39]. The shorter isoform (CNGB1b) is expressed in the olfactory CNG channels [40] as well as sperm cells and other tissues [41]. The N-terminal part of CNGB1 between exons 1-16 is a glutamic acid-rich and it is also expressed as a separate protein (GARP) [38]. GARP is highly enriched in rod photoreceptors [38]. The C-terminal part is homologous to the α-subunit and forms the channel-like portion. Exons 21-26 are homologous to the transmembrane and pore domains present in the α-subunit, exons 29-31 encodes for the cyclic nucleotide binding domain (CNBD), and exons 19 and 32 codes for domain that are important for the calcium calmodulin/regulation of cGMP affinity [38].
The canine CNGB1 is similar to human and contains 32 predicted exons based on mRNA (XM_848817.1) sequence alignment. The frameshift mutation in exon 25 predicts that the CNGB1 mRNA is destroyed by NMD. Therefore, although we lack functional data due to limited access to retinal tissues from the affected dogs, it is likely that the mutation abrogates CNGB1 functions and causes retinal degeneration in Papillons and Phalènes. These breeds provide a model to study the genotype-phenotype correlations related to the possible alternative transcripts and their potential tissue-specific functions.
The defective CNGB1 has been implicated as a cause of retinal degeneration in human and mouse. Bareil et al. identified a p.G993V missense mutation is a consanguineous French family affected by a night blindness and progressive loss of peripheral vision and ERG recorded rod responses [42]. In another study, a splice site point mutation (c.3444+1G>A) was found in a patient with night blindness, retinal pigment lesion and non-recordable dark adapted flash ERG [43]. In addition, a missense mutation (c.2957A→T; p.N986I) was found in a patient with typical RP with attenuation of the retinal vessels, retinal pigment atrophy and optic disc pallor [44].
In the CNGB1−/− mice, the CNGB1 gene was found to be important for the formation and outer segment targeting of the rod CNG channels. The CNGB1-deficient mice developed retinal degeneration that resembles human RP, progressing from the rod degeneration to a complete loss of rod function and secondary degeneration of the cones [45]. However, the disease in CNGB1−/− mice progresses more slowly when compared to other RP mouse models and the exact events that lead to rod cell death are unclear [45]. In CNGB1−/− mice, 80−90% loss of the rod responses is not detected until at the age 1 year [46]. In human patients, night blindness is usually reported at school age but RP is commonly diagnosed around 30 years of age [42], [43] The PRA in Papillon and Phaléne breeds is diagnosed at the middle age dogs and progresses similar to human and mice.
In summary, we have discovered a putative genetic cause of PRA in the Phalène and Papillon breeds by identifying a frameshift mutation in CNGB1. As a further confirmation, the same mutation was also recently reported in an independent study by Petersen-Jones et al. (2013) at the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) conference (unpublished data). Our study enables the development of a genetic test to eradicate the disease from the breeds. The breeds have a high carrier frequency (17.2 %) and careful breeding plans by mating carriers to normal should be considered to maintain genetic diversity. Importantly, our study establishes a large functional knockout animal model for potential therapeutic trials such as gene therapy, and provides a relevant model for further studies of the CNGB1 biology in the retina and other tissues.
Supporting Information
Table S1.
Primers used for PCR amplification and sequencing of canine CNGB1 mRNA.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0072122.s001
(XLSX)
Table S2.
Summary of the exome sequencing data analysis of each sequenced individual dog.
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0072122.s002
(XLSX)
Acknowledgments
We would like to thank all owners that donated samples to our DNA-bank from their dogs. The Finnish Papillon and Phalène Club is thanked for their co-operation. Minna Virta, Ranja Eklund, Sini Karjalainen, Heta Haikonen and Elina Vuorenmaa are thanked for their technical support and help in sample recruiting and pedigree analyses.
Author Contributions
Conceived and designed the experiments: SA. Performed the experiments: SA MA. Analyzed the data: SA MA. Contributed reagents/materials/analysis tools: SA MA. Wrote the paper: SA HL.
References
- 1. Parry H (1953) Degenerations of the dog retina: II. generalized progressive atrophy of hereditary origin. Br J Ophthalmol 37: 487. doi: 10.1136/bjo.37.8.487
- 2. Petersen-Jones SM (1998) Animal models of human retinal dystrophies. Eye 12: 566–570. doi: 10.1038/eye.1998.146
- 3. Goldstein O, Mezey JG, Boyko AR, Gao C, Wang W, et al. (2010) An ADAM9 mutation in canine cone-rod dystrophy 3 establishes homology with human cone-rod dystrophy 9. Molecular vision 16: 1549.
- 4.. doi: 10.1167/iovs.06-1374
- 5. Downs L, Bell J, Freeman J, Hartley C, Hayward L, et al. (2012) Late-onset progressive retinal atrophy in the Gordon and Irish Setter breeds is associated with a frameshift mutation in C2orf71. Anim Genet 44: 169–77. doi: 10.1111/j.1365-2052.2012.02379.x
-. doi: 10.1093/hmg/11.16.1823
- 7.. doi: 10.1101/gr.074302.107
- 8. Petersen–Jones SM, Entz DD, Sargan DR (1999) cGMP phosphodiesterase-α mutation causes progressive retinal atrophy in the Cardigan Welsh Corgi dog. Invest Ophthalmol Vis Sci 40: 1637. doi: 10.1046/j.1463-5224.2002.00223.x
- 9. Dekomien G, Runte M, Gödde R, Epplen J (2000) Generalized progressive retinal atrophy of Sloughi dogs is due to an 8-bp insertion in exon 21 of the PDE6B gene. Cytogenetic and Genome Research 90: 261–267. doi: 10.1159/000056785
- 10.. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 99: 6328. doi: 10.1073/pnas.082714499
- 11. Mellersh C, Boursnell M, Pettitt L, Ryder E, Holmes N, et al. (2006) Canine RPGRIP mutation establishes cone–rod dystrophy in Miniature Longhaired Dachshunds as a homologue of human Leber Congenital Amaurosis. Genomics 88: 293–301. doi: 10.1016/j.ygeno.2006.05.004
- 12. Aguirre GD, Baldwin V, Pearce-Kelling S, Ray K, Acland GM (1998) Congenital stationary night blindness in the dog: Common mutation in the RPE65 gene indicates founder effect. Mol Vis 4: 23.
- 13. Downs LM, Wallin-Håkansson B, Boursnell M, Marklund S, Hedhammar Å, et al. (2011) A frameshift mutation in Golden Retriever dogs with progressive retinal atrophy endorses SLC4A3 as a candidate gene for human retinal degenerations. PloS one 6: e21452. doi: 10.1371/journal.pone.0021452
- 14.. doi: 10.1016/j.ygeno.2006.07.007
-. doi: 10.1093/hmg/11.9.993
- 16. Vilboux T, Chaudieu G, Jeannin P, Delattre D, Hedan B, et al. (2008) Progressive retinal atrophy in the Border Collie: A new XLPRA. BMC veterinary research 4: 10. doi: 10.1186/1746-6148-4-10
- 17. Hakanson N, Narfstrom K (1995) Progressive retinal atrophy in Papillon dogs in Sweden: A clinical survey. Veterinary and comparative ophthalmology 5: 83–87.
- 18. Narfstrom K, Ekesten B (1998) Electroretinographic evaluation of Papillons with and without hereditary retinal degeneration. Am J Vet Res 59: 221–226.
- 19. Narfstrom K, Wrigstad A (1999) Clinical, electrophysiological and morphological changes in a case of hereditary retinal degeneration in the Papillon dog. Vet Ophthalmol 2: 67–74. doi: 10.1046/j.1463-5224.1999.00049.x
-. R Development Core Team, R foundation for Statistical Computing (2009) R: A language and enviroment for statistical computing.
- 22.. doi: 10.1159/000329467
- 23. Li H, Durbin R (2010) Fast and accurate long-read alignment with Burrows–Wheeler transform. Bioinformatics 26: 589–595. doi: 10.1093/bioinformatics/btp698
- 24.
- 25. Li H, Handsaker B, Wysoker A, Fennell T, Ruan J, et al. (2009) The sequence alignment/map format and SAMtools. Bioinformatics 25: 2078–2079. doi: 10.1093/bioinformatics/btp352
- 26.. doi: 10.1093/bioinformatics/btp394
- 27. Wang K, Li M, Hakonarson H (2010) ANNOVAR: Functional annotation of genetic variants from high-throughput sequencing data. Nucleic Acids Res 38: e164–e164. doi: 10.1093/nar/gkq603
- 28. Rozen S, Skaletsky H (2000) Primer3 on the WWW for general users and for biologist programmers. Methods Mol Biol 132: 365–386. doi: 10.1385/1-59259-192-2:365
- 29. Adzhubei IA, Schmidt S, Peshkin L, Ramensky VE, Gerasimova A, et al. (2010) A method and server for predicting damaging missense mutations. Nature methods 7: 248–249. doi: 10.1038/nmeth0410-248
- 30. Ng PC, Henikoff S (2001) Predicting deleterious amino acid substitutions. Genome Res 11: 863–874. doi: 10.1101/gr.176601
- 31. Nagy E, Maquat LE (1998) A rule for termination-codon position within intron-containing genes: when nonsense affects RNA abundance. Trends Biochem Sci 23: 198–199. doi: 10.1016/s0968-0004(98)01208-0
- 32. Lejeune F, Maquat LE (2005) Mechanistic links between nonsense-mediated mRNA decay and pre-mRNA splicing in mammalian cells. Current Opinion in Cell Biology 17: 309–315. doi: 10.1016/j.ceb.2005.03.002
- 33. Körschen HG, Illing M, Seifer R, Sesti F, Williams A, et al. (1995) A 240 kDa protein represents the complete β subunit of the cyclic nucleotide-gated channel from rod photoreceptor. Neuron 15: 627–636. doi: 10.1016/0896-6273(95)90151-5
- 34. Chen T, Peng Y, Dhallan R, Ahamed B, Reed R, et al. (1993) A new subunit of the cyclic nucleotide-gated cation channel in retinal rods. Nature 362: 764–767. doi: 10.1038/362764a0
- 35. Hofmann F, Biel M, Kaupp UB (2003) International union of pharmacology. XLII. compendium of voltage-gated ion channels: Cyclic nucleotide-modulated channels. Pharmacol Rev 55: 587–589. doi: 10.1124/pr.55.4.10
- 36. Yau K (1994) Cyclic nucleotide-gated channels: An expanding new family of ion channels. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A 91: 3481. doi: 10.1073/pnas.91.9.3481
- 37. Heginbotham L, Abramson T, MacKinnon R (1992) A functional connection between the pores of distantly related ion channels as revealed by mutant K channels. Science 258: 1152–1155. doi: 10.1126/science.1279807
- 38. Ardell MD, Bedsole DL, Schoborg RV, Pittler SJ (2000) Genomic organization of the human rod photoreceptor cGMP-gated cation channel β-subunit gene. Gene 245: 311–318. doi: 10.1016/s0378-1119(00)00023-8
- 39. Ardell MD, Aragon I, Oliveira L, Porche GE, Burke E, et al. (1996) The β subunit of human rod photoreceptor cGMP-gated cation channel is generated from a complex transcription unit. FEBS Lett 389: 213–218. doi: 10.1016/0014-5793(96)00588-1
- 40. Sautter A, Zong X, Hofmann F, Biel M (1998) An isoform of the rod photoreceptor cyclic nucleotide-gated channel β subunit expressed in olfactory neurons. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 95: 4696–4701. doi: 10.1073/pnas.95.8.4696
- 41.. doi: 10.1083/jcb.142.2.473
- 42. Bareil C, Hamel C, Delague V, Arnaud B, Demaille J, et al. (2001) Segregation of a mutation in CNGB1 encoding the β-subunit of the rod cGMP-gated channel in a family with autosomal recessive retinitis pigmentosa. Hum Genet 108: 328–334. doi: 10.1007/s004390100496
- 43. Kondo H, Qin M, Mizota A, Kondo M, Hayashi H, et al. (2004) A homozygosity-based search for mutations in patients with autosomal recessive retinitis pigmentosa, using microsatellite markers. Invest Ophthalmol Vis Sci 45: 4433–4439. doi: 10.1167/iovs.04-0544
- 44. Simpson DA, Clark GR, Alexander S, Silvestri G, Willoughby CE (2011) Molecular diagnosis for heterogeneous genetic diseases with targeted high-throughput DNA sequencing applied to retinitis pigmentosa. J Med Genet 48: 145–151. doi: 10.1136/jmg.2010.083568
- 45. Hüttl S, Michalakis S, Seeliger M, Luo D, Acar N, et al. (2005) Impaired channel targeting and retinal degeneration in mice lacking the cyclic nucleotide-gated channel subunit CNGB1. The Journal of neuroscience 25: 130–138. doi: 10.1523/jneurosci.3764-04.2005
- 46. Koch S, Sothilingam V, Garrido MG, Tanimoto N, Becirovic E, et al. (2012) Gene therapy restores vision and delays degeneration in the CNGB1−/− mouse model of retinitis pigmentosa. Hum Mol Genet 21: 4486–4496. doi: 10.1093/hmg/dds290Dino Babers: ‘Jimmy Garoppolo Has One Of The Fastest Releases I’ve Seen Since Dan Marino’
(Credit: Joe Robbins/Getty Images)
You know about Johnny Manziel. You know about Blake Bortles. You even know about Derek Carr.
But what about Jimmy Garoppolo? In just a few short months, the Eastern Illinois quarterback has gone from relative anonymity to potential first-round draft pick.
“I watched Jimmy Garoppolo throw five passes at Eastern Illinois University, and the first thing out of my mouth was, ‘Somebody screwed up big time’ – because he should have been at an FBS school,” former Eastern Illinois coach and current Bowling Green coach Dino Babers said on The Damon Amendolara Show. “Jimmy Garoppolo would have been the starter at Texas A&M. Jimmy Garapp,” Babers continued. “He’s intelligent, he’s sharp, he’s got one of the fastest releases I’ve probably seen (since) Dan Marino.”
Garoppolo, who is 6-2, 219, broke all of Tony Romo’s career passing records at Eastern Illinois, not to mention numerous Ohio Valley Conference records. He won the Walter Peyton Award in 2013 after throwing for 5,050 yards and 53 touchdowns. For his career, he threw for 13,156 yards and 118 touchdowns.
Comparing Garoppolo to Romo, therefore, is pretty easy.
It’s also unwise.
“I got a chance to meet Tony Romo and what a great guy (he is),” Babers said. “But the comparison is really not true. I’m not saying that Jimmy Garappolo is Tony Romo, but the thing you got to remember is Tony Romo was a free agent and made the Dallas Cowboys. Jimmy Garoppolo is going to get drafted in the first two rounds. The comparison’s not fair.”
According to scouts, Garoppolo has excellent field vision with a natural delivery.
“This guy’s decision-making process is unbelievable; he’s like a damn computer out there on the field,” Babers said. “And you put somebody with that sharp of a mind with that fast of a release and with the accuracy he has – Jimmy Garoppolo doesn’t hit a guy running across the field; Jimmy Garoppolo hits a guy in the right pad; he hits him in the left pad; he hits them in the right hand; he hits him in the left hand. He hits what he’s throwing at. He’s the William Tell of college football. I’m telling you, when you put that accuracy with the quickest release we’ve seen since Dan Marino and you put it on somebody as intelligent as Jimmy Garoppolo – this guy is going to be a starting quarterback in the National Football League. Write it down.”
And Garappolo didn’t just feast on weak competition, either. He threw for 361 yards and three touchdowns in a 21-point win over San Diego State. He also threw for 450 yards and six touchdowns in a close loss to Northern Illinois.
“Every school that we played when we played an FBS school,” Babers said, “the best quarterback on the field was Jimmy Garoppolo.”Olig.
The cone dysfunction syndromes are a heterogeneous group of disorders characterized by an early-onset reduction in central vision associated with a variable degree of photophobia and nystagmus, normal fundus examination, and reduced or absent cone responses with normal rod function on electroretinography.1 As expected, the abnormal cone function observed in these conditions results in markedly reduced or absent color discrimination, with the degree and pattern of color loss being helpful in differentiating between these disorders.1 In contrast, oligocone trichromacy (OT) is an unusual cone dysfunction syndrome, characterized by normal or near-normal color vision despite an absent or reduced cone electroretinogram.1–9
It has been proposed that these patients have a reduced number of normal functioning cones (oligocone), with preservation of three spectrally distinct types of cone permitting trichromacy.2 Evidence in support of this hypothesis has been obtained by Keunen et al.,4 who observed reduced foveal cone photopigment density with a normal time constant of photopigment regeneration in all four tested patients. In the majority of patients who have been studied in detail to date, color vision tests have revealed either completely normal color vision or slightly elevated discrimination thresholds.2–9 Slightly elevated discrimination thresholds are compatible with a reduction in cone number. Further evidence is available from anomaloscopy, which in one study was undertaken in all six subjects and revealed matching ranges within normal limits,6 indicating the presence of long- and middle-wave cones of normal spectral sensitivity at the macula; while the absence of pseudoprotanomaly suggests that photopigment is present at normal optical densities in individual cone photoreceptors. These findings when taken together support the hypothesis of a reduced number of foveal cones with otherwise normal functioning residual cones.
In the majority of patients identified to date, no clear underlying molecular genetic basis has been identified. There is some evidence suggesting that in limited cases hypomorphic mutations in genes associated with the recessive cone dysfunction syndrome, achromatopsia, may be involved (GNAT2, CNGA3, CNGB3, and PDE6C).7,9,10 However, some of these cases arguably have features more in keeping with incomplete achromatopsia per se, rather than OT. In addition, only single heterozygous missense variants have been identified in other subjects, thereby rendering their significance currently uncertain.7,10
Recently, optical coherence tomography (OCT) has been used in an attempt to probe the structural basis of OT. Andersen et al.7 obtained images in four individuals and found that retinal thickness was normal at the fovea but mildly reduced in the parafoveal and perifoveal regions. A general reduction in retinal layer reflectivity was also observed, with no other notable abnormalities in the appearance of the different layers.7 Vincent et al.9 examined a single case of OT and also reported qualitatively normal OCT images. It thus remains unclear whether the reduced cone function in OT is due to a reduced number of cones or whether the cones are present but not functioning normally.
In this study we used adaptive optics retinal imaging to directly assess the integrity of the cone photoreceptor mosaic in four patients with OT. In addition, spectral domain OCT was used to assess the integrity of the intraretinal layers, including quantitative analysis of the photoreceptor inner and outer segment lengths. While the phenotypic heterogeneity described extends to the cellular level, our findings demonstrate an important role for high-resolution imaging of photoreceptor structure in more accurate classification of the phenotype in OT and other related photoreceptor disorders.
This study followed the tenets of the Declaration of Helsinki (1983 Revision) and was approved by the local ethics committees. Informed consent was obtained from all subjects after the nature and possible consequences of the study were explained. We examined four patients, whose clinical phenotype has been previously described in detail.6,7 JC-160 and JC-161 (brothers) are patients 1 and 2, respectively, in the report by Michaelides et al.6 JC-071 is patient A and RB-1002 is patient E in the publication by Andersen et al.7 For reference, a brief summary of the clinical findings is shown in Table 1.
Images of the photoreceptor mosaic were obtained using one of two identical adaptive optics (AO) fundus cameras (housed at the Medical College of Wisconsin and Buskerud University College) employing a previously described protocol.12 In brief, in a continuous closed-loop fashion, the eye's monochromatic aberrations were measured over a 6.4 mm pupil with a Shack-Hartmann wavefront sensor and corrected for with a 52-channel deformable mirror (Imagine Eyes, Orsay, France). Once a wavefront correction was obtained, a retinal image was acquired by illuminating the retina with a 1.8° diameter, 500 ms flash of light controlled by a mechanical shutter. A back-illuminated, scientific-grade, 12-bit charge-coupled device (CCD) (Cam1M100-SFT, Sarnoff Corporation, Princeton, NJ) captured images of the retina; acquisition was triggered electronically via a computer-controlled D/A module (DT9854; DataTranslation, Marlboro, MA) and associated driver circuit. This CCD is a frame transfer camera with a light-sensitive area of 1024 × 512 pixels. During each 500 msec shutter-controlled exposure, continuously triggered images of the retina were collected at a frame rate of 167 Hz with a 6 msec exposure.
Images were collected at different locations across the central fovea. After background correction, all images were registered using a custom software program (MATLAB; MathWorks, Natick, MA) and averaged. The location of individual cones was measured using an automated algorithm, which also allowed manual addition or subtraction of cones missed or selected in error by the algorithm.13,14
For all subjects, volumetric images of the macula were obtained using high-definition optical coherence tomography (Cirrus HD-OCT; Carl Zeiss Meditec, Dublin, CA). Volumes were nominally 6 mm × 6 mm and consisted of 128 B scans (512 A scans/B scan). Retinal thickness was calculated using the built-in macular analysis software (software version 5.0), which is automatically determined by measuring the difference between the inner limiting membrane (ILM) and retinal pigment epithelium (RPE) boundaries. In three subjects (JC-071, JC-160, JC-161), high-resolution spectral domain optical coherence tomography (SD-OCT) images of the macula were acquired (Bioptigen, Research Triangle Park, NC). High-density line scans (1000 A scans/B scan, 100 repeated B scans) were acquired through the foveal center. Line scans were registered and averaged to reduce speckle noise in the image as previously described.15 Volumetric images were also acquired (1000 A scans/B scan, 100 B scans/volume) to aid in aligning the line scan to the fundus image (Fig. 1). In the fourth subject (RB-1002), high-resolution SD-OCT images of the macula were obtained using another SD-OCT system (Spectralis; Heidelberg Engineering, Heidelberg, Germany). The lateral scale of all OCT data sets was corrected for interindividual differences in axial length (Zeiss IOL Master; Carl Zeiss Meditech, Dublin, CA).
Foveal pit morphology was assessed based on a previously published algorithm (MATLAB; MathWorks, Natick, MA).16,17 Longitudinal reflectivity profiles (LRPs) were obtained as previously described.18 Using the LRP analysis, we assessed the inner segment (IS) and outer segment (OS) length at the fovea. IS length was defined as the peak-to-peak distance from the external limiting membrane (ELM) to the IS/OS, while OS length was defined as the peak-to-peak distance from the IS/OS to the first peak in the RPE complex (RPE1).18 We have shown previously that these definitions result in IS and OS measurements that match those obtained from histology.18,19 For SD-OCT layer analysis, we analyzed a normative database collected at the Medical College of Wisconsin. This database has been previously published in part13,18 and consists of 167 individuals (72 male, 95 female), with an average age of 32.6 ± 15.4 years (range 7 to 60 years).
The two brothers (JC-160 and JC-161) and adult female (RB-1002) had significantly disrupted cone mosaics (Fig. 2). The cone density measured at ~1° temporal to the fovea was markedly reduced in all three subjects: 11,775 cones/mm2 (JC-160), 25,225 cones/mm2 (JC-161), and 14,848 cones/mm2 (RB-1002) (Fig. 2). Normal cone density at this location has been shown previously to be 49,555 cones/mm2 (SD ± 8707 cones/mm2).13 For reference, a normal age-matched retina is shown in Figure 2A, having a cone density of 41,850 cones/mm2. No obvious cone structure could be seen outside the central fovea in either brother or the female patient, with the imaged locations having few (if any) waveguiding cones.
The averaged images from different locations around the central fovea were stitched together to produce a larger montage for each of the two brothers and adult female (Fig. 3). Normal peak foveal cone density is 180,000 cones/mm2.20 The peak cone density measured in the normal retina shown in Figure 3A was 88,320 cones/mm2, measured at ~0.25° (it was not possible to resolve the cones at the very center of the fovea due to an even higher density). In both brothers and the adult female, the cone mosaic was found to be discontiguous and of dramatically reduced density: JC-160 (peak density = 32,143 cones/mm2), JC-161 (peak density = 29,281 cones/mm2), and RB-1002 (peak density = 27,143 cones/mm2). In addition, cone density was relatively uniform, in stark contrast to the rapidly changing density profile observed in normal eyes at this retinal location (Fig. 3A). These findings indicate that, in these three patients, both cone density and cone distribution are significantly disrupted.
It is noteworthy that despite JC-071 having marked nystagmus, images of the cone mosaic could be acquired owing to the high-speed nature of the AO camera used. However, because of the nystagmus, we were not able to accurately place these images with a high degree of certainty within the context of the fundus image. As such, the estimates of cone density in these images cannot be assigned to a specific retinal location. Nevertheless, it is clear that the cone density was variable across the central retina in this patient, in direct contrast to the other three patients (Fig. 4). Cone density ranged from 18,491 cones/mm2 to 57,779 cones/mm2 (Fig. 4). In addition, also unlike JC-160, JC-161, and RB-1002, the cone mosaic was contiguously packed at all imaged locations (Fig. 4). These images fail to reveal any structural basis for the cone dysfunction observed in JC-071.
SD-OCT images were obtained in all four patients (Figs. 5, ,6,6, and and7).7). Retinal thickness was generally reduced in all four patients, though to a lesser extent in JC-071 and RB-1002 (Fig. 5). The relatively increased retinal thickness in the central subfield of JC-071 appears to be a result of a shallower foveal pit, with foveal pit depth being >3 standard deviations below the mean foveal pit depth observed in Caucasian subjects.17 This shallowing may be related to the bilateral epiretinal membranes observed on imaging. Despite the abnormal foveal morphology and significant retinal thinning in many of the ETDRS segments for JC-071, all retinal layers were present and continuous (Figs. 6 and and7).7). In direct contrast, in the two brothers (JC-160 and JC-161) and female patient (RB-1002), retinal thickness was reduced (Fig. 5), and the outer segment/retinal pigment epithelium layer (RPE1) was absent in the periphery and mottled at the fovea (Figs. 6 and and7).7). In addition, in these three patients, the junction between the inner and outer segments of the cone photoreceptors was disrupted in the peripheral macula, showing reduced reflectivity relative to the foveal IS/OS junction (Fig. 6). As the IS/OS junction has been shown to have wave-guide properties consistent with the classical Stiles-Crawford effect,21 the diminished intensity of the IS/OS observed here is in keeping with our observation that no obvious cone structure could be seen outside the central fovea in either brother or the female patient using AO imaging.
Using an LRP analysis, all four patients had normal IS lengths; however, JC-160, JC-161, and RB-1002 had significantly reduced OS lengths (Fig. 7). The apparent thinning of the OS layer could be due to the reduced number of wave-guiding cones at this location and/or a true reduction in OS length. For segmentation analysis, we defined the ILM, outer plexiform layer (OPL), ELM, and RPE2 layers, to calculate total retinal thickness (ILM-RPE2), inner retinal thickness (ILM-OPL), and outer nuclear layer (ONL) thickness (OPL-ELM) (Fig. 8). Consistent with the topographical thickness maps in Figure 5, we observed a marked reduction in total retinal thickness in the two brothers and female subject and a significant thinning of the nasal retina in JC-071 (Fig. 8). Importantly, central retinal thickness was preserved in JC-071, but reduced in JC-160, JC-161, and RB-1002. Further examination showed that the two brothers and female subject had a reduced ONL thickness (Fig. 8B) but normal inner retinal thickness (Fig. 8C). Thus the overall reduction in retinal thickness can be attributed to both reduced ONL thickness and reduced OS length in these individuals. However, in marked contrast to these three patients, JC-071 had relative preservation of central ONL thickness and significant thinning of the inner retina near the optic disc (Fig. 8B and and88C).
In this study we have probed the underlying structural basis of OT in an attempt to shed light on the pathogenesis and phenotypic variability reported in the disorder. In three patients in our series, the uniform reduction in cone density in association with a reduced ONL thickness is consistent with the hypothesis that OT is characterized by a reduced number of cones. The fact that these patients retain near-normal trichromatic color vision indicates that the remaining cones visible on AO imaging are indeed functional.
However, in the remaining unrelated male subject, both cone density and cone distribution appeared unperturbed, suggesting that, unlike the three other patients in our study, dysfunctional cones underlie the phenotype observed in this patient. Interestingly, a single heterozygous missense mutation in CNGB3, p.R403Q, has been previously identified in this patient7, whereas no underlying mutations were identified in previously described candidate genes in the other three patients (Table 1). Mutations in CNGB3, the gene coding for the β-subunit of cone photoreceptor cGMP-gated cation channels, are commonly associated with achromatopsia.1 However, to date, this particular variant has been identified only in progressive cone dystrophy (PCD), both as a compound heterozygous mutation in association with p.Thr383fs, and in the homozygous state.22–24 There has been no clinical evidence of progression in any of the subjects in our study. It would be of interest to image the mosaics of subjects with PCD who harbor this mutation, to help shed light on the pathologic mechanisms associated with this variant.
The identification of only single heterozygous missense variants in both the aforementioned subject and other patients from the same original OT molecular study,7 including a novel heterozygous missense mutation in another phototransduction-related gene, PDE6C, renders their significance currently uncertain. Biallelic mutations in PDE6C have been reported as a rare cause of achromatopsia (complete and incomplete) and PCD.25 These patients may represent carriers for mutant CNGB3 and PDE6C alleles, respectively, with disease caused by mutations in another gene(s). It is also of interest that the mosaics seen in patients with achromatopsia are unlike those seen in the patients described herein.26 Mutations in RGS9 or R9AP have been reported in patients with a phenotype similar to OT, but such subjects have characteristic electrophysiological findings, which were not seen in our patients.27 In addition, neither of the brothers in this study were found to harbor mutations in RGS9 and R9AP.27 Individuals with RGS9- or R9AP-associated retinopathy have cone mosaics that appear unlike those observed in the two brothers or female subject described in our study (Carroll, unpublished data). The identification of the major disease-causing genes in OT remains elusive, though it seems likely that the variable structural findings reflect underlying genetic heterogeneity.
The two groups of subjects described in our study (reduced cone number density versus normal cone mosaic) are difficult to discern on the basis of clinical phenotypic features alone. Quantitative high-resolution imaging may thereby prove to be an effective way of classifying subjects with cone dysfunction and normal color vision into OT and OT-like phenotypes, which may be useful in directing molecular genetic testing. Imaging further patients who have had a comprehensive candidate gene analysis will help to establish the validity of this proposal. Furthermore, the quantitative retinal imaging approach described herein may also help to shed light on the cellular basis of the phenotypic variability commonly observed in other inherited retinal disorders.
Supported by grants from the NIH (EY001931, EY017607, EY014537), Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (8-2002-130), the E. Matilda Ziegler Foundation for the Blind, Hope for Vision, an unrestricted grant from Research to Prevent Blindness, Foundation Fighting Blindness (USA), Moorfields Special Trustees, the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association, the National Institute for Health Research UK to the Biomedical Research Centre for Ophthalmology based at Moorfields Eye Hospital, NHS Foundation Trust, and UCL Institute of Ophthalmology, and the Research Council of Norway (182768/V1 & 183789). JC is the recipient of a Career Development Award from Research to Prevent Blindness. This investigation was conducted in facilities constructed with support from the Research Facilities Improvement Program, Grant number C06 RR-RR016511, from the National Center for Research Resources, National Institutes of Health.
Disclosure: M. Michaelides, None; J. Rha, None; E.W. Dees, None; R.C. Baraas, None; M.L. Wagner-Schuman, None; J.D. Mollon, None; A.M. Dubis, None; M.K.G. Andersen, None; T. Rosenberg, None; M. Larsen, None; A.T. Moore, None; J. Carroll, None
Presented in part at the annual meeting of the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, April 2010.FatCloud Announces New Free Community Edition of FatDB Plus Free Cloud Based Trial Environment To celebrate its lower pricing structure FatCloud has released the FatDB Community Edition: A new, free package for developers - plus a 14-day free cloud based trial environment
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 20, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Today FatCloud, the developer of FatDB, the polyglot data store for Windows, released a new free package for developers called the FatDB Community Edition. And to celebrate, the creator of the .NET NoSQL and SQL Server integrated platform, announced new prices for FatDB's other packages that developers can download: The Standard and Enterprise Editions.
The new, free FatDB Community Edition is a fully functional version of the .NET NoSQL database, which offers capabilities including the easy-to-use FatDB Management Studio, a multi-node cache and easy integration with Microsoft SQL Server. These features enable developers to build production apps that scale from one to hundreds of servers. The Standard Edition offers these same capabilities with added enterprise class support SLA's*. The Enterprise Edition includes all these features plus multi-data center capabilities, advanced SQL Sync and the highest support SLA's. **
Additionally, FatCloud has partnered with CloudShare, a leading provider of virtual environments in the cloud, to provide a hosted evaluation. This enables developers who don't have access to server hardware to trial FatDB; to build their databases and applications in the cloud and to get online in minutes. This hosted solution gives customers free access for 14 days to a 4-node test and evaluation environment, preconfigured with FatDB, IIS, SQL Server and Visual Studio.
"We want to get FatDB into the hands of as many developers as possible so we're excited these initiatives do just that," said Ian Miller, President and CEO at FatCloud "FatDB gives Windows developers a highly scalable data store for e-commerce, mobile or web apps. It offers polyglot persistence and bi-directional sync to SQL Server, which enables SQL Server data to be forward integrated into these new apps. And, all without the need to re-develop legacy apps."
To see a side-by-side comparison of the features and pricing for each FatDB Edition, visit.
* The Community and Standard Editions include the same features, however, with the Community Edition, the SLA and support are provided by the community. In the standard Edition, the SLA and support are provided by FatCloud.
** Multi-Data Center and Advanced SQL Sync will be available for the Enterprise Edition in Q2 2014.
About FatCloud
FatCloud is the developer of FatDB, the polyglot NoSQL database for Windows. FatDB works with Microsoft SQL Server to allow relational as well as NoSQL access to an integrated data store that can scale to hundreds of servers. FatDB is the only native .NET NoSQL database that includes an integrated work queue, file management system, high-speed cache, Map Reduce capabilities and application services. FatDB delivers reliable business solutions that scale quickly, economically and effortlessly. FatCloud is based out of Los Angeles and is a portfolio company of Elevator Labs. For more information on FatCloud visit.
SOURCE FatCloud
RELATED LINKSPOPSUGAR Fashion Barneys Cross Front Jersey Dress from Barney's It's Ok To Be Cross by coutorture 6/10/08 0 Shares Like us on Facebook The racerback and the criss cross are staples when it comes to tank tops but lately we have found that the classic is getting classed up. Trashbag Aesthetics is rocking an American Apparel Baby Rip Cross Back Summer Dress. She says it is basic, beautiful and perfectly cool for the hotter than Hades weather that is plaguing the Eastern Seaboard. The criss-cross action that has been bouncing through the blogosphere prompted us to search for our own cross dress on our beloved Shopstyle. The gods of fashion smiled on us as we found this silk jersey sleeveless dress with gathered waist and cross front from Barney's on sale. The perfect peach color is drew us like a moth to a flame and the half off price tag of $250 sealed the deal. It is a perfect immaterial obsession if there ever was one. Read More Trashbag AestheticsImmaterialShoutOutBarneysDress Barneys Proof That Turtlenecks Can Be Downright Sexy These 3 New York Stores Have Perfected the Holiday Window Game Simon Doonan's Top 10 Gifts For Every Fashion Girl You Can't Ignore the Major Sale Happening at Barneys Right NowTHIS EVENT IS IN THE PAST!
Bravo School Of Art: Zentangle® 101
- When Thursday, October 24, 2013 at 1 p.m.
Friday, November 22, 2013 at 1 p.m.
Saturday, December 28, 2013 at 9, October 24th from 1 - 5pm
Friday, November 22nd from 1 - 5pm
Saturday, December 28th 9am - 1pm
Location: Bravo School of Art, 2690 Historic Decatur Rd Studio 206: Google Map.This application claims the benefit of Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/210,463, filed in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on Jun. 9, 2000, and Provisional Application Ser. No. 60/229,336, filed in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on Sep. 1, 2000, the contents of which are expressly incorporated herein by reference.
1. Field of the Invention
The present invention relates to search engines in a PKI (Public Key Infrastructure). More particularly, the present invention relates to authenticated search engines having different levels of security which are capable of accessing networked entities having different levels of security.
2. Description of the Related Art.
As to component (1) of a PKI, most PKI, establish that the user owns a key pair by using an electronic document called a digital certificate. Digital certificates contain information identifying the owner of the key pair, the public component of the pair, and the period of time for which the certificate is valid. The digital certificate also identifies technical information about the key itself, such as the algorithm used to generate the key and the key length.
Certificates are generated by organizations that are responsible for verifying the identity of individuals, or in some instances, other organizations to which certificates are being issued. The identity of the certifying organization, referred to as a certificate authority, is recorded in each certificate, which is then signed using a private key known only to the certificate authority itself. This allows users to verify both the integrity of the certificate and the identity of the authority that issued it.
Certificate authorities generally employ any of a number of different commercially available software products to manage the creation, renewal, and revocation of certificates. These Certificate Management Systems (CMS) take information obtained through the user registration process, create a certificate, and sign it with the certificate authority's private key. The applicable CMS software maintains a database of all of the certificates that it has issued, and their statuses. The CMS is also responsible for revoking certificates, and for publishing a certificate revocation list that identifies the date on which each certificate was revoked, and the reason for the revocation. This information allows relying users (that is, those individuals or systems that are performing encryption or signature verification actions based on certificates) to review the status of a certificate, to assess its usability. A list of distribution points from which the CRL can be obtained are identified in the certificate itself.
In issuing a certificate, a certificate authority is stating that is has verified that the public key that appears in the certificate (and, by extension, the corresponding private key) belongs to the individual listed in the certificate. The integrity with which the registration process operates is therefore of great importance. The process must provide mechanisms for reliably identifying an individual and for verifying that the public key listed in the certificate belongs to that individual. Equally important, the certificate authority must provide procedures for revoking certificates in the event that the private key is compromised. A compromised private key calls into question the entire basis for trusting a certificate, since more than one individual may be using that private key to sign documents, or more than one individual may be able to decrypt documents encrypted using the corresponding public key.
Relying individuals and organizations must have a clear understanding of their certificate authority's operation processes. As a result, most certificate authorities publish a Certificate Practice Statement (CPS) that details the processes for registering users, issuing certificates, renewing certificates and revoking certificates. The CPS is normally published on the certificate authority's website.
Certificates often contain additional information that identifies an individual as a member of a particular organization and perhaps the role that they play in the organization. For example, the certificate may identifying the certificate holder as being either an employee of a company or a customer or subcontractor or supplier of the company. The policies determining who is eligible to hold a certificate are therefore important if individuals and organizations are to rely upon this information. These policies govern the overall operation of the certificate authority.
When Web servers are secured so that users must present digital signature certificates in order to access the servers, any other entity that also wishes to access such servers must also present digital signature certificates in order to access them. For example, if a search engine attempts to access a Web server for the purpose of indexing the Web server's contents, the search engine must present a valid digital signature certificate. Normally, this does not present any problems.
On the other hand, if the Web servers have been secured so that there are multiple levels of security, that is, only users having particular levels of security are allowed to access a given server, then the only present disadvantageous solution was to grant the highest level of access to the search engines so that they may access every Web server.
Unfortunately, by granting the highest level of access to a search engine compromises the security of higher level Web servers by allowing any user to access the indexing results of the server which was granted the highest level of access. For example, if a user having “Level 1” security is able to view a content listing of a Web server having a “Level 2” security, then this compromises the security of the Web server in that its content listing is divulged to a user not having the proper level of security. Accordingly, a problem exists with respect to allowing search engines to search Web servers having multiple levels of security without compromising the security of the Web servers.
An object of the present invention is to provide an accessing technique in which different search engines having different levels of security are capable of accessing networked entities, such as Web servers, having different levels of security.
Another object of the present invention is to provide an accessing technique in which a search engine must provide a digital signature certificate to a networked entity, such as a Web server, prior to being allowed access thereto.
Still another object of the present invention is to provide an accessing technique as above in which access is allowed to the search engine only upon a determination that the security level of the search engine is equal to or higher than that of the networked entity, such as a Web server.
Another object of the present invention is to provide an accessing technique as above in which the networked entity, such as a Web server, accesses a directory prior to providing access to the search engine.
Yet still another object of the present invention is to provide an accessing technique as above in which different users having different levels of security are capable of accessing different search engines.
Still another object of the present invention is to provide an accessing technique as above in which a user must present a digital signature certificate to a search engine prior to being allowed access thereto.
Another object of the present invention is to provide an accessing technique as above in which access is allowed to the user only upon a determination that the security level of the user is equal to or higher than that of the search engine. as by way of illustration and example only and the invention is not limited thereto. The spirit and scope of the present invention are limited only by the terms of the appended claims.
The following represents a brief description of the drawings, wherein:
FIG. 1 is a block diagram illustrating an exemplary architecture of a network in which the PKI processes of the present invention may be practiced.
FIG. 2 is a block diagram illustrating the operation of a disadvantageous secured Web server arrangement.
FIG. 3 is a block diagram illustrating an example of the operation of a secured Web server arrangement in accordance with present invention. and so is not to obscure the invention.
FIG. 1 illustrates an exemplary architecture of a network 100 in which the Public Key Infrastructure (P.K.I) processes of the present invention may be practiced. However, it should be understood that the present invention is not limited to the network 100 of FIG. 1. The network 100 includes data entry 102, which performs a data entry function for authoritative database 104, which is resident on the server platform 106. A server platform 106 is referred to in this description, but it should be understood that the present invention is not limited to any particular server architecture. The server platform 106 may be, without limitation, a UNIX or Windows NT server. The authoritative database 104 contains information about members of the group or enterprise for which PKI services in accordance with the present invention are performed. The present invention is not limited by the structure of the group enterprise for which information is stored in the authoritative database 104. The authoritative database 104 information includes, without limitation, the name, address, telephone numbers, manager's name, employee identification, etc., of the members of the group or enterprise. Directory 108 has the structure of the database but is optimized for fast look-up of information stored therein rather than fast data entry. The data in the directory 108 is not changed frequently but is required to be accessed rapidly and functions on-line as a fast phone book, containing reference information about the members of the group or enterprise stored in the authoritative database 104. Certificate authority 110 is off-the-shelf software executed on server platform 106, providing storage of certificates and related information used by the present invention as described in more detail hereinafter. Registration authority 112 is also off-the-shelf software executable on server platform 106 regarding registration performed by the present invention as described in more detail hereinafter. Key authority 114 is also off-the-shelf server software which is executable on server platform 106 for recovering keys from members of the group or enterprise as described in more detail hereinafter. Windows 2000 Domain CA 11 may use certificates provided by the present invention for a single sign-on to the network 100 of FIG. 1. Legacy server 118 executes legacy application programs 120. The legacy server may be, without limitation, a main frame, mini-computer, workstation, or other server hosting legacy software applications that are designed to be run on PKI processes in accordance with the present invention. The legacy applications 120 are accessible on the client side by a custom client 128 such as an emulator or custom database Graphic User Interface (GUI). Examples of emulators are terminal emulators of an IBM 3270 or terminal emulators of a vt 100. Registration web page 122, which may be one or more pages, functions as the user interface to the network 100 of FIG. 1. Web server 124 is a software application which serves Web Pages, such as Web Page 122 or other HTML outputs, to a web browser client which may be, without limitation, Apache or a Microsoft Internet Information Server. Web browser 126 is resident on client platform 128 which may be any user computer. Web browser 126 is a client software application for browsing web pages such as but not limited to HTML or XML protocols or other protocols. The Web browser 126 is programmed to operate with PKI certificates issued by the certificate authority 110. Examples of web browsers which have this capability are Netscape Navigator and the Microsoft Internet Explorer. The token 130 is a smart card, USB (United Serial Bus), or other hardware token capable of generating, storing, and using PKI certificates. A user 132 is a person using the network 100. A user 132 transitions through a number of states which include a new user, current user, and a former user who no longer is a member of the group or enterprise. The network 100 is described with reference to two levels of security, but the number of the levels of security is not a limitation of the present invention, with each level corresponding to a different security requirement. The level 1 search engine 134 is a search engine which is permitted to search through the network 100 but is allowed access to only level 1 data, which is the lowest level of security and may be, without limitation, data which is freely distributable. Level 2 data may be considered to be proprietary. Level 2 search engine 136 is a search engine which is allowed to search through both level 1 and level 2 data. A level N search engine (not illustrated) is a search engine which is allowed to search through servers possessing data levels 1 through N. A secured level server with level 1 data 138 is a Web server containing only level 1 data, which is secured so that users must have level 1 access (at least) to access the server. A secured Web server with level 2 data 140 is a Web server that contains level 2 data which has been secured so that users must have level 2 access, with level 2 users having access to both level 1 and level 2 servers. A secured Web server with level N data (not illustrated) is a Web server that contains level N data which is accessible by a user with level N or above access. VPN Extranet 142 is a software application which functions as a network gateway which, as illustrated, may be either to legacy server 118 and legacy application 120 or to an external network such as the Internet. Personal revocation authority 144 is a person who is in charge of revocation of members from the network 100. Personal registration authority 146 is a person who is in charge of registration of members in the network 100. Personal recovery approval 148 is a person in charge of obtaining recovery of certificates. A Recovery Agent 150 is a person who performs recovery of certificates and may only recover a certificate if the certificate has first been designated as recoverable by another person. Personal role approval 152 is a person who approves different role functions within the network 100. A Web server administrator is in charge of various web functions in the network 100.
FIG. 2 is a block diagram illustrating the operation of a disadvantageous secured Web server arrangement. The arrangement of FIG. 2 is quite similar to that of FIG. 1 with the following exceptions, namely, a Local Registration Authority 220 and Local Registration Authority Officer are provided and the search engines 134 and 136 and secured Web servers 138 and 140 are replaced by the single search engine 230 and the secured Web servers 240 and 250.
In the arrangement of FIG. 2, the search engine 230 does not have multiple security levels such that the search engine 230 is able to search every secured Web server, such as server 240, which has been configured to allow access by the bearer of the search engine signature certificate, irrespective of the security level. On the other hand, the search engine 230 does not have access to the Web server 250 which has not been configured to allow access by the bearer of the search engine signature certificate.
In step 1 of FIG. 2, the search engine 230 accesses the secured Web server 240 using the search engine's signature certificate to authenticate the identity of the search engine 230 to the Web server 240. Accordingly, upon authentication of the search engine's signature certificate, the search engine 230 can catalog and index the contents of the Web server 240. If there are secured Web servers in the enterprise network that have not been configured to allow access by the search engine 230, such as secured Web server 250, access will be denied to the search engine 230 and the contents of Web server 250 cannot be catalog or indexed.
In step 2 of FIG. 2, the user 132 accesses the search engine 230 employing the user's signature certificate to authenticate the identity of the user 132 to the search engine 230. The user 132 can then perform a query and obtain a result from the search engine 230.
FIG. 3 is a block diagram illustrating an example of the operation of the secured Web server arrangement in accordance with the present invention. The elements of FIG. 3 correspond to the elements illustrated in FIG. 1. It is noted that in accordance with the present invention, there are search engines and secured Web servers with different levels of security. Namely, search engine 134 is a level 1 search engine while search engine 136 is a level 2 search engine. Similarly, secured Web server 138 is a level 1 Web server while secured Web server 140 is a level 2 Web server.
Referring to FIG. 3, in step 1, the level one search engine 134 attempts to access the level 1 Web server 138 in order to create and index and/or catalog of information stored in the level 1 Web server 138. The level 1 search engine 134 must present its signature certificate in order to gain access to the level 1 Web server 138. In step 2, the level 1 Web server 138 queries the Directory 108 to confirm that the level 1 search engine 134 is allowed to access the level 1 Web server 138 and if so, the index and/or catalog is created.
In step 3, the level 1 search engine 134 attempts to access the level 2 Web server 140, presenting its signature certificate to the Web server 140. In step 4, the level 2 Web server 140 queries the Directory 108 to determine if the level 1 search engine 134 is allowed to access the level 2 Web server 140. The Directory then informs the level 2 Web server 140 that the level 1 search engine 134 is not allowed to access the level 2 Web server 140, since level 1 search engines are not allowed access to level 2 Web servers and accordingly, access is denied.
In a similar fashion, in step 5, the level 2 search engine 136 attempts to access the level 2 Web server 140 and after querying the Directory 108 in step 6, the level 2 Web server allows access to it by the level 2 search engine 136 since level 2 search engines are allowed access to level 2 Web servers. Furthermore, in step 7, the level 2 search engine 136 attempts to access the level 1 Web server 138 and after querying the Directory 108 in step 8, the level 1 Web server 138 allows access to it by the level 2 search engine 136 since level 2 search engines are allowed access to level 1 Web servers.
In step 9, the user 132, who it is assumed to have level 1 security, attempts to access the level 1 search engine 134. The user 132 employs its signature certificate to authenticate its identity to the search engine 134. In step 10, the level 1 search engine 134 queries the Directory 108 to confirm that the level 1 user 132 is allowed to access the level 1 search engine 134. Since level 1 users are allowed access to level 1 search engines, access is allowed.
In step 11, the level 1 user 132 attempts to access the level 2 search engine 136. The user 132 employs its signature certificate to authenticate its identity to the search engine 136. In step 12, the level 2 search engine 136 queries the Directory 108 to determine if the level 1 user 132 is allowed access to it. Since level 1 users are not allowed access to level 2 search engines, access is denied.
By providing multiple search engines, one for each security level, an enterprise can maintain search engines for all its Web servers without compromising the security of the Web servers. By providing such multiple search engines, each search engine can access Web servers having the same level of security or a lower level of security but cannot access Web servers having a higher level of security.
The only drawback to this technique is that the enterprise must maintain multiple search engines. While each search engine may be hosted on its own computing platform, the multiple search engines could all reside on a single platform with multiple software search services all running on the same hardware.
The networks discussed above in the example embodiment may include the Internet, an intranet, a WAN (Wide Area Network), a LAN (Local Area Network), or any other networked grouping of elements.
This concludes the description of the example embodiments. Although the present invention has been described with reference to an illustrative embodiment.
For example, the particular arrangement of elements illustrated in the drawing figures is by no means unique. Furthermore, the various server platforms may either be combined or separated to suit specific needs. Still furthermore, one enterprise officer may serve more than one function or vice versa.Open.8 by 13 people
Tags: business class, business class tickets, cheap business class, cheap tickets, discount tickets, low fares
Offers
Currently rated 1.7 by 62 people
Tags: business class tickets, cheap airfares, cheap business tickets, cheap tickets, discount tickets
Currently rated 2.2 by 10 people
Tags: business class seats, finnair, finnair business class, travel business class, travel finnair
Airline News.9 by 27 people
Tags: business class travel, cheap airfares, cheap business class, cheap flights, discount tickets
Currently rated 2.5 by 12 2.1 by 10 31 people
Tags: cheap airfares, cheap first class, discount airline airfares, first class airfares, jet airways fares
Q 34 people
Tags: business class airfares, business tickets, cheap business class, cheap business fares, roundtrip tickets.
Currently rated 2.0 by 3 people 2.5 by 4 people
Tags: airfares to paris, best business tickets, cheap business class, cheap fares, travel to paris
None
© 2015 Fare Buzz, Inc. All rights reserved. California: SOT #2073463, Washington: SOT #602755835 Nevada: SOT #20070138, Iowa: SOT #1223How to Negotiate Price with Residential Cleaning Customers
These days everyone is looking for bargains and it's no different with residential cleaning customers. You're always going to have potential customers try to negotiate their price, so here are a few tips on how to handle the situation:
- First, don't ever negotiate the first-time cleaning price. The customer doesn't usually realize just how dirty their home is, so you need to make sure you're charging enough so you don't lose money on the first cleaning.
- Offer to take a look at the cleaning price after the home has been cleaned three or four times. By monitoring the time it takes to clean you'll be able to tell if you have room for a price adjustment.
- Offer to adjust the price now but let the customer know that after you've cleaned the home three or four times you reserve the right to increase the price back to the original quote if you find that your original quote was right on the mark.
- Offer to adjust the list of cleaning specifications to match the lower price. For example, if they want to pay $100 per service and your quote was for $120, then perhaps you could clean a lesser used bathroom and the bedrooms every other visit. Or perhaps you could reduce the frequency of detailed dusting to get the price down. Learn to be creative with your cleaning specifications so you not only meet the needs of the customer, but meet your own profit needs as well.contact form, including the URL of the published article. (Make sure all links are live if placed in an e-zine, on a web site or blog.)
You must include the following information at the end of each article you reprint:
Reserved. success.com
Steve Hanson has been a building service contractor for more than 20 years and now uses his knowledge to help owners of residential cleaning companies build a more profitable and successful cleaning business at MyHouseCleaningBiz.com. Read inspirational cleaning success stories at-
success.com, and sign up for House Cleaning Profit Tips at.- Published: Universal City, CA : Universal Studios Home Entertainment, 2009.
- Year Published: 2009
- Description: 1 videodisc (120 min.) : sd., col. ; 4 3/4 in.
- Language: English
- Format: DVD
ISBN/Standard Number
- 025195032575
Additional Credits
- Barber, Gary.
- Birnbaum, Roger.
- Lieber, Michael.
- Railsback, Philip.
- Abraham, Marc.
- Kinnear, Greg, 1963-
- Graham, Lauren.
- Alda, Alan, 1936-
- Mulroney, Dermot.
- Smitrovich, Bill.
- Seabrook, John.
- Intermittent Productions.
- Spyglass Entertainment (Firm)
- Strike Entertainment (Firm)
- Universal Pictures (Firm)
- Universal Studios Home Entertainment (Firm)
Subjects
- Kearns, Robert W. -- Drama.
- Inventors -- Drama. -- Michigan -- Detroit
- Windshield wipers -- Drama. -- United States
- Automobile industry and trade -- Drama. -- United States
- Procedure (Law) -- Drama.
- Legal films.
- Video recordings for the hearing impaired.
- Feature films.
Recently Listed On
Login to add tags
Share This
Flash of genius
There are currently 2 available
Where To Find It
Call number: DVD Drama Flash
Available Copies: Downtown 1st Floor
Additional Details
Based on the article "The flash of genius" written by John Seabrook..
DVD, widescreen (2.40:1); Dolby Digital 5.1 surround.
Contents: Flash of genius.6mm by UTG.
We make our recommendations based on the caliber, pellet weight and the gun's power.
· Full list of accessories
· Full list of ammoQuintet for Piano and Winds, Op.136 (Huber, Hans)
Free public domain sheet music from IMSLP / Petrucci Music Library
Performances
Recordings
No files submitted.
Sheet Music
Javascript is required to submit files.
Piano Score (first part)
Piano Score (second part)
Flute, Clarinet, Horn and Bassoon parts
Scores and Parts
Piano Score (first part)
*#19849 - 3.92MB, 34 pp. - (2) - V/V/V - 917x⇩
Piano Score (second part)
*#19850 - 4.01MB, 36 pp. - (1) - V/V/V - 469x⇩
Flute, Clarinet, Horn and Bassoon parts
*#19851 - 3.82MB, 48 pp. - (1) - V/V/V - 770x⇩
Publisher Info.:
Zürich: Hug & Co., n.d.[1920]. Plate S.T.V. 8.
Misc. Notes:
This file is part of the Sibley Mirroring Project.
Purchase:
Javascript is required for this feature.
General Information
Categories:
- Scores published by Hug
- Scores published in 1920
- Scores published in the 20th century
- Sibley Mirroring Project
- Pages with scores
- Pages with parts
- Scores
- Huber, Hans
- Romantic
- Quintets
- For flute, clarinet, bassoon, horn, piano
- Scores featuring the flute
- Scores featuring the clarinet
- Scores featuring the bassoon
- Scores featuring the horn
- Scores featuring the piano
- For 5 players
- E-flat major
- Pages with RISM citationsYour six party hostess have been busy this week as well.
.jpg)
1. Easy Creamy Corn Casserole {Just a Little Creativity}
2. Leprechaun Chow {This Silly Girl's Life}
3. Declutterathon: 40 Days to an Organized Life {My Love for Words}
4. Sewing and Craft Room {The Seasoned Homemaker}
5. Lucky Charms Bark {Life with the Crust Cut Off}
6. How we transitioned from Nap time to Quiet Time {A Mouse in My Kitchen}
Click and Pin the features this week from the lovely blogs they came from
- Rainbows and Gold from My Turn for Us
- All Natural Homemade Vanilla Creamer from Five Heart Home
- Mint Blossom Cookies from Baking Beauty
- Pottery Barn Watercolor Palette Knock-off from Crafts by Courtney
Facebook / Pinterest / Bloglovin’ /Etsy
2 comments:
Thanks so much for hosting!!
Hugs,
Deb
Thank you for hosting! Added my shamrock garland, can't wait for St. Patrick's day!