Mendeola transaxles
MD4E: The MD4E is Mendeola’s entry-level transaxle but uses the same case as the MD4-2D. While this gives it strength, it also means that the MD4E can be upgraded whenever needed to handle more horsepower. It can handle 325 horsepower in the sand and 175 horsepower off-road with a max vehicle weight of 1,950 lbs. Adding to its strength is a Ford 9-inch spider differential and a 10-inch diameter ring gear. Weddle Racing 002 gear sets are used as well as a 300M, VW-style 24-spline input shaft to add further beef. A 5.14 ring and pinion ratio is standard with options including a 4.11 or 4.86 gear ratio, mid-engine shifter and aluminum intermediate housing.
MD4-2D: The MD4-2D is known by most simply as the 2D and is one of the most used transaxles in the sand and off-road car market. Built to withstand 375 horsepower and a max vehicle weight of 2,200 lbs., the 2D uses extra wide Weddle Racing gearsets and an A-356 T-6 aluminum casing. Further strength comes from a G50 style, 300M one-inch input shaft, along with billet slider hubs and input coupler. High capacity bearings on the pinion and main shaft are also used. The 2D comes set for 930 CV joints with either a 4.86, 5.14 or 5.42 ring and pinion. Options include 935 drive stubs, reverse rotation ring and pinions and a mid-engine shifter.
MD5: The MD5 shares all the same attributes as the MD4-2D but adds a fifth gear for those who need better fuel mileage or reduced RPM at speed. Off-road racers utilize the MD5 as well for the ability to stack third, fourth and fifth gears. In fact, this gearbox has won the SCORE-Lite Championship three times. Options include 935 drive stubs and reverse rotation gears.
S4/S5: The S4 and S5 are Mendeola’s sequential shifting gearboxes with the S4 featuring four forward speeds and the S5 offering five. Both feature 85mm shaft centers, super-duty 28mm-wide Weddle gearsets, 19mm reverse and 935 flanges. The S4 is equipped with 1.090-inch wide drive members while the S5 driving members are .800 inches wide. With its slightly smaller drive gear dimensions, the S5 handles 20 to 25 percent less torque than the S4, which is rated to handle 425 horsepower in a racecar, 500 horsepower in a pre-runner and 600 ponies in a sand car. Helping to achieve these numbers is the use of a hybrid Dana 60 differential and a 1 3/16-inch, 18-spline input shaft made from
300M. The S4/S5 are available with 4.57, 4.63 or 4.86 ultra-duty ring and pinions, along with six- or eight-lug dog rings.
S4D: The S4D is Mendeola’s heavy-duty, four-speed sequential transaxle. Built to take up to 650 horsepower, 37-inch tires and up to 4,500 lbs. of vehicle weight, the S4D is meant for serious sand buggies, heavy-duty pre-runners or Unlimited class racecars. It uses a massive 11.5-inch Forged 9310 VAR ring and pinion set, super-duty 14 Bolt Alloy differential and eight-bolt HD4 style pinion bearing housing. Billet aluminum side covers are used along with an A-356 T-6 aircraft quality aluminum case. A V8 bell housing comes standard and is set up for a proprietary Kennedy 8-inch triple disc full metallic clutch. A beefy 19mm reverse gear and 6.5-inch differential bearings make this one stout transaxle. Thanks to new gearsets that feature integrated dog rings, there is also an S5D upgrade available like the one featured in our new AlumiCraft “Plug N’ Play project.
HD4: Mendeola calls the HD4 the strongest racing transaxle on the planet and refers to it as the Transaxlesaurus. It can handle up to an amazing 1,600 horsepower on the sand and 850 horsepower in an off-road racecar. A four-speed sequential unit, it’s based on 101mm shaft centers with a massive 13-inch ring and pinion. All gears have replaceable faceplates and the massive differential features 8-inch carrier bearings. A huge
22mm reverse gear is standard and it accepts KEP triple-disc metallic 8-inch clutches. The HD4 can also be equipped with a torque converter, giving it the ability to take even more power. It is built to be a take-no-prisoners transaxle that delivers brute strength and unmatched reliabilityThe history of Gay Pride Celebrations began at 1:20 AM June 28, 1969 in Greenwich Village,
New York City at the Stonewall Inn as crowds fought back during a police raid.
Join Dixie Treichel John Townsend for a Pride Celebration Show
*Stonewall Riots: 40th Anniversary 1969-2009*
*Guests*
*Carolyn Gage*, Playwright, Author
*Dean Otto*, Queer Takes LGBT Film Festival,
*Larry Havluck*, Two Spirit Singer/Songwriter
*Lydia Howell*, journalist, writer, KFAI Host
plus Pride Celebration surprises
*Carolyn Gage*, Playwright, Author
*2009 Lambda Literary Award Winner in Drama*
The Second Coming of Joan of Arc and Selected Plays, Carolyn Gage, Outskirts Press
Carolyn Gage: is the author of six books on lesbian theatre, and more than fifty-five plays, including musicals, one-woman shows, one-acts, and dramas. She specializes in non-traditional roles for women, especially those reclaiming famous lesbians whose stories have been distorted or erased from history.
*Dean Otto*, Film Curator
Queer Takes: Standing Out June 23-25
Series Highlights Daring New Works from Celebrated Filmmakers in Queer Cinema
Walker Art Center:
*Lydia Howell*, journalist, writer, KFAI Host
Lydia Howell is a Minneapolis journalist, writing for various newspapers and online journals.
She won the 2007 Premack Award for Public Interest Journalism, for reporting on homeless in PULSE Newspaper, an independent weekly. Besides hosting/producing Catalyst: on KFAI, she writes for various online publiations, including the TC Daily Planet:
*Larry Havluck*, Two Spirit Singer/Songwriter
A Minneapolis queer musician with humor socio-political messages
Larry will perform live in the studio on Fresh Fruit.
For information about the Stonewall Riots and current issues visit the
Stonewall Veteran's Association: website
Privacy Statement
© KFAI, 1808 Riverside Avenue, Minneapolis, MN 55454 Tel: 612-341-3144The Gender, Sexuality and Women's Studies Program and Alice Paul Center's Core Faculty are Penn professors and lecturers who have women, gender, or sexuality as a primary area of their research and who commit to sharing their latest research in faculty seminars and colloquia at least once every three years. We count on our Core Research Faculty to keep The Alice Paul Center and Penn.
If you are interested in becoming a member of the GSWS Core Research Faculty, please email Melanie Adley for more information.♥ HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE!!! ♥
I cant believe we've already rolled around to the start of a brand spanking new year! Hope everyone had a fantastic start to the new year!!
2012 for me was welcomed in with around 100 ppl celebrating at my house with 3 levels of music, karaoke, alcohol, laughter, chatter and of course wayyyyy too much food! :D
I put together a little dessert table for the occasion, which to my surprise was a great hit! The kids and adults alike loved it!!
I made a selection of petite fours including:
Macarons
Strawberry flavoured filled with buttercream
Cupcakes
Chocolate Mud with cream cheese icing
Cake Pops
Chocolate fudge with white chocolate coating
The main feature of my dessert table was the New Years Cake. It consisted of 3 tiers of cake. The bottom tier was red velvet and the top two tiers were chocolate mud.
I also had a selection of lollies and candy...
I dont usually make new years resolutions, but this year things are going to change! so I've made a couple to help me along. Fingers crossed I keep motivated and inspired!! :) Wonder what everyone elses resolutions are? ... whatever they are, GOOD LUCK!!!
Lots of love and smiles to all my lovely readers! Bring it on 2012! xxox
Happy New Year Rhonda!!! That entire dessert table is spectacular but holy cow that cake is mind-blowing!! I love love love the ice cream cones!!!
Happy new year! If your cake table is anything to go by, 2012 will be amazing.
Wow, just a LITTLE dessert spread?! My goodness! To have been one of the kids at your get together! Happy New Year to you too Rhonda! :)
Happy New Year lovely lady. This table needs to be behind glass doors for preservation. WOW! Please come over to my place and teach me how to make macarons :)... I mean it :)Welcome to Miyako Japanese Restaurant in the beautiful city of Hollister, California. We specialize in sushi and Japanese cuisine. Miyako Japanese Restaurant is a family run business that was established in 1996 and has been running strong ever since. We have recently remodeled our Restaurant with a new look to provide a more comfortable atmosphere and warm hearted feeling. We are continuously creating new dishes to suit your taste. Feel free to browse through our amazing sushi creations or just come pay us a visit and experience our wonderful food for yourself. Thank you very much for all the support of our dear customers.
Eddie Hoang -- ProprietorApollo, Tech Graduation Ceremonies Moved To Civic Center
The commencement ceremonies for Tech and Apollo high schools will be moving to the St. Cloud Civic Center this spring. The graduation ceremonies for both schools were originally scheduled to be held at St. Cloud State University's Hallenbeck Hall, but school officials recently found out that facility was no longer available.Understanding The Craft of Sound Design
Sound design is 60% of any film’s construction. In many ways good sound design is more important than good picture. You might be forgiven for shaky camera work, bad lighting etc but if your audience cannot hear your film you’re in big trouble. Check out these tutorials, insights and resources on creating great sound design.
Just for fun I’ve kicked off this post with a recent animation that I created the sound design for so I hope you enjoy it! Animation by my bro over on animationseven and helping to promote The Pioneers.
Pro Tools Sound Design Lecture
In this almost 2 hour lecture sound designer Brian Smith walks through using Pro Tools to add sound design to a simple single shot which makes for a fantastic beginners guide to both the technical and creative aspects of the craft.
Creating 5.1 Surround Sound Temp Mixes
In this fantastic step by step tutorial editor Evan Schiff shows you, in great detail, how he and the Bad Robot team used Avid Media Composer’s 5.1 surround sound mixing capabilities to create “the most complex temp soundtrack ever contained within 16 mono tracks.” for Star Trek Into Darkness. If you’re cutting on Avid it’s well worth a read.
If you’re editing in FCPX Dan Allan shows your how to work with Surround sound mixes in this previous post.
Crafting Your Sound Design – Lessons From Pros
If you could share three sound designing tips what would they be?
(1) Don’t fall so in love with your gadgets that you overuse them. (2) Learn to listen to your director at least as attentively as you listen to sound effects. (3) Simplify. Always simplify.
If you want to learn more about the art and craft of sound design you can’t do much better than learning from Randy Thom, a legendary sound designer with over 100 credits to his name. You can see him in action in the Flight video below. Studentfilmmaker.com has a solid interview with Randy here and Leftlion.co.uk also has a short interview with him here.
The most important thing you do is make artistic decisions; you need to figure out whether a sound is appropriate in a given scene and that’s really what I’m hired to do, I’m not hired to operate the equipment.
Matt Hurwitz has a great article on the sound design work for TV show Revolution, with plenty of great insights from the team at Atomic Sound Post Production Services, who worked on the show. The main challenge in the post apocalyptic show was stripping out most of the sounds of the modern world.
When the power goes out in the pilot episode,.”
Previous Posts on Sound Design Not To Be Missed!
For some great behind the scenes insights into the sound design on films such as Star Wars, Looper and Flight check out this previous post.
It’s also worth checking out the making of films on Gareth Edwards highly impressive indie feature Monsters, over on the DVD Extras For Film Editors post. The film relies heavily on spooky noises in the woods type effects to convince you of the titular Monster’s presence, as well as adding heavily to the production value of the film.
Film trailers are also a great place to learn about highly effective sound design, which this previous post has plenty of detail on.
Lastly you should definitely check out this post on sound designer Vickie Sampson who shares tip and tricks to make your sound editor/designer love you. You can also download a few freebies!
1 Comment
[…] you’re after even more insights into film sound design check out this post on The Art and Craft of Film Sound Design. Now, on to the […]Who Discovered Ayers Rock?
The Aborigines, the native people of Australia, have known about Ayer’s Rock, or Uluru, for thousands of years. The huge monolith has long been considered a sacred site by the Yankunytjatjara and Pitjantjatjara peoples. This is obvious, as the surfaces of Uluru, as well as overhangs and caves, are rich in ancient paintings. It’s safe to say that the first discoverers of Uluru were the Aborigine, as far back as 30,000 years ago. It’s thought that Uluru, as well as the nearby rock formations of Kata Tjuta, were valuable sites to the Aboriginies as they offered a relatively reliable water source. The rock is still the site of Aborigine religious activities and rituals today. Uluru has a circumference of 9.4 kilometres and is 348 metres high.
The first European discoverer
In 1873, a surveyor employed by the South Australian government, William Christie Gosse (1842-1881), was sent to the Northern Territory in order to map out a route from Alice Springs’s new Overland Telegraph Station to the west to Perth. The team departed from the course of the Finke River and went west, following in the footsteps of the famous explorers Ernest Giles and Colonel Peter Warburton. They reached Lake Amadeus and got across the swamps at its eastern end. Once he was at the top of a sand ridge, Gosse could see a flat-topped mesa table structure he called Mount Connor, after a contemporary South Australian politician. This mountain is now called Atila, its native name.
William Christie Gosse wrote about his discovery
From this vantage point, Gosse could also see another large rock formation in the distance, and he decided to head off in its direction. By July 19th the party had reached the monolith, and Gosse was amazed by its size and beauty, and wrote about it in his diary:
“When I got clear of the sand hills,.”
Who it got it’s name?
William Gosse decided to name the rock Ayers Rock after the then Chief Secretary of South Australia, Sir Henry Ayers. With the help of Khamran, which one of his Afghan camel driver, William Gosse became the first European to climb the Ayers Rock. Nowadays, the Aborigine people prefer tourists and visitors not to climb the rock, as they worry about tourists interfering inadvertently with religious ceremonies and also about people falling and being injured.
Tourists loved it
During the early 1900s, the area around Uluru was populated by tourists and miners, and the Aborigine people were pushed out of their sacred land. In the 1970’s, environmentalists began to recognize the harmful effects tourism was having on the rock, and moved accommodation away from the site. In 1979, the sites of Kata Tjuta and Uluru became a national park, and in 1983 the rocks were returned to their rightful owners, the Aborigine people.
More on popular spots in AustralianWelcome to Gossman Knives Website
Main Navigation
Online Store
Available knives coming
About me, news & info
Gallery 1
Gallery 2
Gallery 3
Hunting photos
Survival skills photos
Links
Guestbook
Now that hunting season is in, I will be making knives on a limited basis. Availability of knives in the store will be less then normal. What is in there now may be it for awhile. I will be adding new knives as time allows.
I've updated the knives coming soon page. Take a look.
I posted this in the specs and pricing page but will also post it here that I am no longer taking orders. Pressure with deadlines and other problems has caused me to come to this decision. I will be making knives and offering them for sale in the online store I have here on my website. I hope to add knives on a bi-weekly basis and have plenty of inventory on hand once I get the wheels in motion and begin a cycle of turning out finished knives. If you have any questions or have suggestions for knives you'd like to see available, email me at
scott@gossmanknives.com
I'm also now working with CPM 3V steel so watch for knives available in this steel.
I've had many inquires about the grind I use. My grinds are 75% flat, 25% convex. I've found this grind to be a great geometry giving you a flatter convex contour for better cutting ability and strength behind the cutting edge. The edge is a convex micro bevel giving it better stability for hard use. I knock the shoulders off the secondary bevel giving the feel of a zero edge.
Thanks for supporting Gossman Knives
Be sure to pick up a copy of the January 2014 Tactical Knives magazine due out the end of Sept. beginning of Oct. to see a full article about the Deer Creek and Tusker knives.
Watch for Big Boar Tuskers made with tough impact resistant S7 steel available within the next month. These will be available for sale in the store. Check in often for new knives listed for sale in the online store.
Follow and like Gossman Knives on Facebook
Content copyrightBill Banning Tickets At Broken Parking Meters Signed Into Law
FILE PHOTO (credit: Image Source/Getty Images)
Top Features
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA.com) — Gov. Jerry Brown signed a bill Monday prohibiting cities from ticketing motorists who park at broken parking meters.
Assembly Bill 61, which passed the state senate in July, prevents cities in California from citing drivers who park at broken meters for up to the maximum time normally permitted.
Assemblyman Mike Gatto championed the bill, which will take effect in January 2014.
In Los Angeles, the City Council recently ended its policy of citing cars parked at broken meters, but had asked for a report in six months to determine if the city saw an increase in vandalism of meters. The law will prevent cities from citing drivers in the future.
“The question of parking at a broken meter should not be up for review or reconsideration every six months, nor should motorists be subject to confusing ordinances as they drive from city to city,” said Assemblyman Gatto. “It’s time to end this unfair practice throughout California.”
Officials say the city’s new parking meters are difficult to tamper with and send an electronic alert if they are out of order.
RELATED STORIES:
State Senate Approves Bill Barring Cities From Ticketing Cars At Broken Meters
(©2013 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Wire services contributed to this report.)We're 450 Wakeful minds
We're 164 Mindful Runners
We're 132 Mindful Walkers
We're 681 Great Souls
We're 567 Practitioners
We're 150 Sangha Members
We're 240 Members
We're 50 Mindful Runners
We're 314 Ladies
We're 192 Ecstatic Celebrators of Life
We're 71 Mindful Harlem Meditators
We're 89 Dance Lovers, Artists, IT People
We're 154 Members
We're 70 Members
We're 203 Members
We're 11 Members
We're 186 Dhamma friends
We're 39 Mindful members
We're 73 explorers
We're 38 Mindful Powerhouses
We're 51 Members
We're 44 Practitioners
We're 1,386 Spiritual Warriors
We're 1,807 Members
We're 376 Music Industry Professionals
We're 670 Meditators
We're 186 Spokes
We're 1,977 Tomorrow's Leader's
We're 961 Members
We're 392 Members
We're 326 Friends
We're 739 Members
We're 374 Business Bliss Seekers
We're 328 Videographers
We're 363 Curious Minds
We're 70 Sentient Beings
We're 265 Members
We're 125 members
We're 236 Members
We're 101 "Wonderers"
We're 313 Brain Body Masters
We're 41 members
We're 275 Peace Seekers
We're 402 Artists of Touch
We're 48 Wellness & Yoga Enthusiasts
We're 46 Members
We're 39 members
We're 43 Meditators
We're 75 Awakeners
We're 203 TM'ers
We're 95 Tensegrity Practitioners
We're 25 Members
We're 31 Meditators
We're 27 Peacemakers (inner & outer)
We're 501 Profit Makers
We're 156 Life Lovers
We're 135 Members
We're 129 Christian Singles
We're 142 Empowered Yogis
We're 116 Wise Ones
We're 97 Knowledge Seekers
We're 187 MindBody Explorers
We're 118 Biodanceros
We're 139 Moms
We're 2,060 Community Members
We're 317 Members
We're 195 Spiritualists
We're 243 Members
We're 149 Members
We're 239 Tea Drinkers
We're 154 Meditators
We're 66 CUBA Members
We're 77 Nia Dancers
We're 11 Healthy Visionaries
We're 50 Inspirational Members
We're 50 Professionals
We're 97 Alchemists
We're 18 Spiritual seekers
We're 83 Members
We're 145 Phenomenal Latinas
We're 139 Holistic health enthusiasts
We're 476 Great People
We're 76 Yarn Lovers
We're 113 Cosmists
We're 98 Members
We're 40 Traceurs
We're 73 Members
We're 22 Members
We're 13 Triple Threats
We're 52 Members
We're 12 Members have RSVPd
We're 67 innovators
We're 1 member
We're 85 stress-relief-seekers
We're 51 Spiritual Seekers
We're 23 Creative Sparks
We're 205 CreativesO Pioneers! by Willa Cather is Nebraska’s reading choice for the 2013 One Book One Nebraska statewide reading program..
The One Book One Nebraska reading program, sponsored by the Nebraska Center for the Book, is now in its ninth year. It encourages Nebraskans across the state to read and discuss one book, chosen from books written by Nebraska authors or that have a Nebraska theme or setting. A committee of the Nebraska Center for the Book selected the finalists from a list of twelve titles nominated by sixty Nebraskans from across the state. The Nebraska Center for the Book board announced the choice for the 2013 One Book One Nebraska at the Celebration of Nebraska Books on November 3 in Lincoln.
Libraries across Nebraska will join the Willa Cather Foundation, Nebraska Center for the Book, and other literary and cultural organizations in planning book discussions, activities, and events that will encourage Nebraskans to read and discuss this book. Support materials to assist with local reading/discussion activities will be available after January 1, 2013 at. Updates and activity listings will be posted on the One Book One Nebraska Facebook group at.
One Book One Nebraska is sponsored by Nebraska Center for the Book, Nebraska Humanities Council, Nebraska Library Association,.,. For more information, contact Mary Jo Ryan, 402-471-3434 or 800-307-2665, or
###look on the CT WEB site...
I will look around later ;-)
Will NA2NA
----- Original Message -----
From: "R. Kline" <k7nj@infowest.com>
To: "Trlog@Contesting. Com" <trlog@contesting.com>
Sent: Sunday, March 04, 2007 2:22 AM
Subject: [Trlog] Keying Interface
>.
> 73,
> riki, K7NJ / 4X4NJ
> _______________________________________________
> Trlog mailing list
> Trlog@contesting.com
>
>
_______________________________________________
Trlog mailing list
Trlog@contesting.comSource:."
Stock got his start it Life magainze as an apprentice in 1947 and won a contest for young photographers there in 1951, the same year that Dean got his start in television. The young actor wouldn't break out until four year later, in 1955 when Elia Kazan's adaptation of "East of Eden" by John Steinbeck.
When Stock met Dean at a party thrown by the actor's "Rebel Without a Cause" director Nicholas Ray before the release of "East of Eden," the photographer didn't know he was an actor until after they spoke at some length. Stock told the Sarasota Herlad-Tribune that Deans's appearance didn't hint at this star quality. "He was not a neat dresser per se," he said. "He looked tired, but he was pleasant and interesting."
Shortly after Stock was made aware of Dean's life as a movie star, he caught a preview of "East of Eden," and he immediately knew that his new friend was going to be big. It was a short time after that Stock got the idea for a "visual biography" that would follow Dean back to his boyhood home in Fairmount, Indiana and then to New York City, where his career started.
"The story, as I explained it [to Jimmy] was to reveal the environments that affected and shaped the unique character of James Byron Dean," Stock wrote in his book "James Dean: Fifty Years Ago." ."
After a trip to his uncle's farm in Fairmount, Dean posed in the rain in Times Square, smoking a cigarette with his collar turned up. It would be on the most iconic photographs ever taken of the 24-year-old actor. The pair took several pictures around the city, including one of Dean lying in a casket, an eerie reminder of the tragic car accident that would take his life less than six months later.
Read more about the photographs here!Viewing problems?
View email online
MEDIA RELEASE
10 MAY 2013
PUBLIC CELEBRATION, ARCHIE ROACH, THE MEDICS AND BUNNA LAWRIE TO OPEN ‘MY COUNTRY’ AT GOMA
A free day of talks and discussions, culminating in a one-night-only Up Late event with live music from Archie Roach, The Medics and Bunna Lawrie of Coloured Stone, will mark the opening of the Gallery of Modern Art’s exhibition ‘My Country, I Still Call Australia Home: Contemporary Art from Black Australia’ on Saturday June 1.
Queensland Art Gallery | Gallery of Modern Art (QAGOMA) Director Chris Saines said talks, discussions, film and performances on the opening day would expand on the themes of the exhibition, which includes more than 300 art works by 115 artists from every state and territory.
‘We are honoured that Archie Roach will perform as part of My Country Up Late,’ Mr Saines said.
‘Roach’s life story and career is one of the most inspiring in Australian music. Over numerous acclaimed albums, and collaboration with the likes of Paul Kelly and his life partner the late Ruby Hunter, he has established himself as an important storyteller for Aboriginal Australia and the Stolen Generations.
‘Also performing is one of Australia’s most lauded new rock groups, The Medics.
‘Formed in Cairns in 2007, The Medics recorded two EPs and moved to Brisbane before releasing their acclaimed debut album
The Foundation
in 2012. For this performance, they will be joined by special guest Bunna Lawrie, founder of seminal Aboriginal rock band Coloured Stone.’
Mr Saines said a Welcome to Country by Traditional Elders and official opening by Minister for the Arts Ian Walker
MP
on Saturday morning would be followed by a day of talks and discussions with exhibiting artists, curators and writers.
‘Gordon Hookey will talk with children and families about his major Children's Art Centre exhibition ‘Kangaroo Crew’ and Reko Rennie will discuss his site-specific commission
Trust the 2%
2013, which will adorn the GOMA Foyer wall,’ he said.
‘Exhibition curator Bruce McLean, Curator, Indigenous Australian Art, QAGOMA, will be joined in conversation by artist Archie Moore to talk about works from his series
On a Mission from God
2012.
‘Delving deeper into the themes of the exhibition, curator and writer Hetti Perkins will host a discussion with exhibiting artists Michael Cook, Megan Cope and Fiona Foley, while writer, artist and academic Brenda L. Croft will chair a panel with Gordon Hookey, Douglas Watkin and Judy Watson.
‘The cinema program My Life as I Live It: First Peoples and Black Cinema, will commence with a screening of Essie Coffey’s
My Survival as an Aboriginal
at 4pm in Cinema A.
‘Exhibition Media Partner ABC Radio National will broadcast their
Weekend Arts
program live onsite from 2pm,’ Mr Saines said.
All programs and performances, including Up Late, are free to the public.
‘My Country, I Still Call Australia Home: Contemporary Art from Black Australia is on display at the Gallery of Modern Art (GOMA), Brisbane from June 1 to October 7, 2013. Entry is free. The exhibition is supported by PanAust as Major Sponsor, and Radio National as Media Partner. This project has received financial assistance from the Queensland Government through Arts Queensland’s Backing Indigenous Arts initiative.
Gordon Hookey’s ‘Kangaroo Crew’ will be in the Children’s Art Centre, GOMA from June 1, 2013 to January 27, 2014, and is sponsored by Brisbane Airport Corporation. The Children’s Art Centre publication
The Sacred Hill
is sponsored by Solutions in Engineering. The Children’s Art Centre is sponsored by Santos GLNG Project.
For program times and more information, see
MEDIA RELEASES
PRESS IMAGES
Unsubscribe
Opening Hours
Monday to Friday
10.00am – 5.00pm
Saturday and Sunday
9.00am – 5.00pm
(The Gallery has late opening hours when evening
Australian Cinémathèque screenings are scheduled.)Utah notes: U. to play Michigan next year
Utah's football players have had all their focus on the 2007 season opener against Oregon State, but for a few minutes after Monday's practice, they let themselves think ahead to another game, way ahead.
Just as practice ended Monday, the Utes learned they'll be playing at Michigan on Aug. 30, 2008.
"To go there and compete with those guys, that would be a huge honor," junior receiver Brent Casteel said. "Playing at Louisville is big, but to play there on that field with all that tradition would have to be the biggest game of my career."
The Utes tentatively were scheduled to play Washington State, but that game will be moved to a later date, Utah athletic director Chris Hill said. The Utes were scheduled to play the Cougars in Pullman, Wash., next year and the Cougars at home in 2010.
"We always prefer playing home and home series, but every four or five years an opportunity like this comes up that we feel has great benefits in terms of national exposure and recruiting," Hill said.
Utah played at Michigan on Sept. 21, 2002 and lost 10-7 to the then-No. 14-ranked Wolverines. While the Utes' defense played well, the offense sputtered and crossed midfield only once, with 8:02 remaining.
The Utes finished that year 5-6.
"A chance to play in the Big House, what more can you ask for?" Utah coach Kyle Whittingham said. "That is college football, that is the essence of college football.".
"That is an incredible experience playing in front of that stadium," Whittingham said. "It's something every Division I football player should experience."
Michigan and Utah are also working out plans to play basketball games in 2009-10 and 2010-11, although Hill said the football game was not related to that deal.
Michigan is ranked fifth in the 2007 preseason USA Today Coaches Poll and finished the 2006 season ranked ninth.
If you are a Ute fan and want to go to the game, better start planning now. Zack Lassiter, Utah's ticket manager, said Utah will receive 3,500 tickets to the game, with Crimson Club members and season ticket holders getting first priority.
"With that being Labor Day, and the fact that you can't get a ticket to a Michigan game unless you are a season ticket holder or have some affiliation, I imagine that is going to be a hot ticket," he said. "I'm sure a lot of Ute fans are going to want to go to that one."
Two-way player, again
Robert Johnson, a 6-foot-3, 185-pound transfer from L.A. Southwest College, is spending time on both sides of the ball. Johnson finished with 96 tackles and five interceptions last year to earn honorable mention junior college All-American honors, and also competed in track, running the 200 meters in 21.65 seconds.
Utah's coaches would like to use his versatility wherever they can, Whittingham said.
"We have a reputation of using a lot of two-way guys," he said. "We're not going to make that decision where to use him right now, but it's something we're looking at."
Johnson said he prefers to play defense, but, more importantly, just wants a chance to get on the field.
"It feels really good right now, I'm just trying to get my conditioning up," he said. "I'm getting reps on both sides; I just want to be good to go."
Piling it on
Monday was the first day the Utes could wear shoulder pads, and they celebrated by getting a little more physical, said defensive leader Steve Tate.
"It was just a great, great day," he said. "We feel like we got a lot done."
Whittingham echoed his captain's assessment.
"We have a lot more speed and athleticism, that is one thing that is showing," he said.
Pick and choose
Single game tickets for University of Utah home football games are now on sale. Tickets for all six home games can be purchased at the Rice-Eccles Stadium box office, UtahUtes.com or by calling 801-581-UTIX (8849). Single game tickets start at $15 for adults and at $10 for youth (12 and under). Also available are season tickets and the Third-Down Package (featuring tickets to UCLA, San Diego State and New Mexico).
Quick snaps
Three walk-ons, linebacker Kepa Gaison, kicker Ben Vroman and defensive lineman Greg Newman were awarded full scholarships Monday. . . . Lineman Zeke Tuinei-Wily suffered a shoulder stinger in Monday's practice. The injury is thought to be minor, and the only one reported Monday.
See more about comments here.Le Grand Marché opened its first supermarket at Bush Road on 18th November 2002. Le Grand Marché means 'The Big Supermarket' in French.
With superior quality, wide range of international products, best prices & service,
Le Grand Marché became the finest supermarket in the island. It is awarded 'Best supermarket in St.Maarten'
by St.Maarten leading newspaper 'THE DAILY HERALD' for 8 times in a row.
Le Grand Marché opened its second supermarket at Simpson Bay on 02nd October 2006. The supermarket is called Le Gourmet Marché.
This supermarket has a large variety of Gourmet products.
It is located close to marinas like Portofino Marina, Simpson Bay Marina, Isle De Sol Marina & Palapa Marina.
Le Gourmet Marché is also close to airport, big st.maarten hotels & st.maarten timeshare hotels.
Le Grand Marché opened its third supermarket at Colebay on 30th October 2006.
It is a complete 'European Model Supermarket'.
It is located close to french border and caters to a large pool of french customers.
Le Grand Marché, Colebay is next to Port de plaisance marina & Caribbean Auto Sales.
Le Grand Marché opened its fourth supermarket at Cupecoy on 20th April 2010.
The supermarket is called Le Gourmet Marché.
It is located at "PORTO CUPECOY" close to french border and caters to a residents of condos at cupecoy and french customers.
Le Gourmet Marché is also close to airport, big condos & hotels .- Shopping Bag ( 0 items )
From Barnes & Noble
Harry Potter lives in our minds, but the artfully created minifigures of LEGO's Pottermore universe add extra elements of magic. This brightly illustrated hardcover displays both the diversity and the dynamism of these characters and sets. Another very visual DK treasure.
Overview ...Spring is upon us. And while many in Juneau may be dusting off outdoor gear, furniture and tools, few may stop and think about what their cleaning regime might be doing to the environment.
Too often people turn to harsh chemicals that, when washed away, can end up leaching into the surrounding ground and potentially the water supply. There are more environmentally friendly options available to get outdoor items prepped and ready for a summer outside in Southeast.
Although it may take a little more elbow grease to do it the green way, here are some tips for cleaning up.
- Head into the kitchen. People are often surprised to find they have some of the most versatile cleaning products in their cabinets and possibly even the refrigerators. Baking soda, vinegar and lemon juice are good cleansers to try on stubborn stains. Baking soda mixed with a little vinegar will create a foaming action that can help break through stains. Vinegar on its own is a natural deodorizer and can clean chrome and glass without leaving behind streaks. Baking soda mixed with a little water can be used as a scouring paste applied with a stiff-bristled brush, and it has even been shown to remove rust stains on some metal surfaces. The acidity of lemon juice can help cut through oily messes and gummy substances.
- Put some pressure behind the cleaning. Don't underestimate the power of plain water -- especially if it's being directed at dirt at a high velocity. Pressure washers are ideal for cleaning off mold, mildew and even leaf and bug stains from many surfaces, including concrete. Set the power washer at an acceptable spray size because, if it's too concentrated, the spray can cause other damage.
- Get steamed for cleaning. Steam is a popular and green method of cleaning indoor floors, counters and other surfaces. Steam can also be tried on outdoor items such as resin furniture or other materials to loosen debris, enabling the dirt to be wiped off with little elbow grease. Steam can also disinfect surfaces without the need for chemicals.
- Look for green cleaning products. For those who prefer the power of a spray-bottle, select products that have been approved for use by notable environmental agencies. These cleaning items will be free from damaging ingredients. Just be sure to check the ingredient list before making any purchases.
- Bleach it. Diluted bleach is one of the most effective cleaning and disinfecting combinations around. Because bleach is an organic chemical, it can be introduced back into the environment without doing much damage, provided it is substantially diluted. Check the color-fastness of the materials that will be cleaned in an inconspicuous spot prior to doing the whole surface.
- Cover it. Sometimes the stains are so set in that they are not able to be scoured clean. In such instances, consider the use of eco-friendly fabrics to cover tears, rips or thin areas of fabric. In addition, look for green paints that can be used to go over metal and even plastic items for a new look.
Regardless of the tools used to enjoy a season outside, getting those items ready in a way that helps the environment will leave everyone smiling - even Mother Nature.The Luzerne-Wyoming Counties Mental Health and Developmental Services Training Council on Quality, in cooperation with Misericordia University and the Advocacy Alliance Health Care Quality Unit, are sponsoring a communications fair at the Misericordia University Speech-Language and Hearing Center on the second floor of John J. Passan Hall, 100 Lake St., Dallas Township, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Sept. 26. The program is free to the public, but registration is required.
Anyone who has a communication need is invited to attend as well as people with special needs, the deaf and hard-of-hearing community, support coordinators, provider agency administrators and managers, and direct support professionals. All human service agencies are welcome.
The program will feature several guest speakers and the Speech-Language Pathology students will offer tours of the Speech-Language and Hearing Center as well as free hearing screenings.
To register, call Luzerne-Wyoming Counties Mental Health and Developmental Services at 825-9441 by Wednesday.
3M Corporation's Infection Prevention Division recently recognized Tyler Memorial Hospital's Central Supply Department for adopting an Every Load Monitoring policy to ensure proper sterilization of medical instruments, implantable devices and other surgical supplies. Current sterilization guidelines from the Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation call for the periodic use of a "biological indicator" — a self-contained device that contains live/active spores that is sterilized along with a load of surgical instruments — to test whether proper sterilization of instruments has occurred.
Tyler Memorial is located in Tunkhannock.
Viewmont Imaging, a Viewmont Health Associates provider operating three locations in Scranton, has earned a three-year multi-modality re-accreditation from the American College of Radiology.
Viewmont Imaging now holds ACR accreditations in mammography, breast MRI, breast ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), nuclear medicine, positron emission tomography (PET), cardiac nuclear stress testing and ultrasound..
Health briefs are limited to nonprofit entities and support groups. To have your health-oriented announcement included, send information to Health
, Times Leader, 15 N. Main St., Wilkes-Barre, PA 18711-0250 or email health@timesleader.com
.What does a Hall of Fame coach do when his team has a week off from game action? How about going to see your son’s team play?
Louisville coach Rick Pitino was in Minneapolis on Tuesday to watch his son’s Gophers take on South Dakota State. And Pitino was decked out from head to toe in Minnesota gear, a sight that Gophers fans should love to see.
BTN’s Stephen Bardo and Cory Provus caught up with Pitino at halftime. Listen to what he said about his son Richard in this must-watch interview.
Check out this photo we got before the start of Tuesday night’s game.
Brace Hemmelgarn-USA TODAY Sports
Enjoy, Gophers fans!The busy bride's lifesaver - a calendar. Brides with a time line can depend on their calendar to let them know where they stand in the preparations at any moment. Be an organized bride-to-be by creating your own calendar of events.
It would be ideal to have a year or more to plan the big day. However, six months can be plenty of time, and with only three or four months, it can still go off without a hitch - if you're prepared. Use the following time line to organize your special day and plan for everything - including wedded bliss.
As soon as possible...
n Choose your date and time. Reserve the wedding site and start planning the reception.
n Set a firm budget.
n Make an appointment to meet with the clergyman or rabbi.
n Choose the members of the wedding party, start the guest list.
n Select the wedding dress and bridesmaids' dresses.
Four months before the wedding...
n Finalize plans for the reception: from soup to nuts.
n Order invitations, thank-you notes and complete the guest list.
n Order the wedding cake, make plans for the music, flowers, photography, limousines.
n Decide on decorations.
Two to three months before...
n Send engagement announcement to newspaper.
n Plan the ceremony - including writing vows.
n Rent the tuxedos for the wedding party and groom.
n Begin addressing invitations.
n Mail the invitations.
n Send thank-you notes for shower and engagement gifts.
One month before...
n Apply for the marriage license.
n Send wedding announcement to local newspaper.
n Schedule final fitting for wedding dress.
n Coordinate the rehearsal dinner.
n Have final meetings with: florist, caterer, photographer and musicians or disc jockey.
n Arrange accommodations for out-of-town guests.
Two to three weeks before...
n Final tuxedo measurements.
n Confirm guest list - call caterer.
n Pack for the honeymoon.
n Make up the seating plan.
n Arrange for the transportation of gifts from the reception to your home.
One week before...
Confirm one last time with florist, caterer, etc.
Have final fitting of wedding gown.
Confirm rehearsal plans with the clergy.
Pack boxes of supplies for the rehearsal, wedding and reception.
Reprinted with permission from "How to Have a Big Wedding on a Small Budget," third edition, $12.99, Betterway Books, 1507 Dana Ave., Cincinnati, OH 45207; (800) 289-0963.
Amarillo Globe-News © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy / About Our AdsCheck The Hideout’s Outlook for a list compiled by friends and family from across the globe of all that’s fine this holiday season. Featured items include this very stylish stadium jacket by Japanese label Whereabout selected by TK from Silly Thing. Thanks to our friends at UrbanCamou for the spot.Wow! Where do I even begin!?
I have not written since about January after I moved to be an Au Pair. I had originally thought I was going to be here for a year, however, plans change and I am moving back to the USA next month. I am pretty excited. I never thought I would miss the United States as much as I do! So I decided that I would come back, start my blog back up again, and get back to writing!
Since January, I have been continuing my job as an Au Pair, I am currently about 75% fluent in the French language, I have gotten my Personal Shopper Certification, and also my Fashion Stylist Certification. I have been ridiculously busy! However, I never forgot about my blog, and I have many ideas of what I want to write about and how I want to help you all. I will also be doing a tutorial after my return to the United States on how to make a functional pillbox hat . I will get to that when the time comes.
I am so excited to be back and I cannot wait to give you all some fresh French fashion ideas as well as ideas that I have picked up on the way!
Hope you all will continue to read my blog!
Sincerely,
Rachel BoudreauSearching for
Studebaker Daytona Mirror - Interior Rear View
Need to replace your Studebaker Daytona's Interior Rear View Mirror? Then shop at 1A Auto for a high quality, aftermarket Rear View Mirror replacement for your Studebaker Daytona, at a great price. 1A Auto has a large selection of aftermarket auto Rear View Mirrors for your Studebaker Dayton
Studebaker is a registered trademark of Studebaker National Museum, Inc. 1A Auto is not affiliated with or sponsored by Studebaker or Studebaker National Museum, Inc. See all trademarks.books
movies
Win Win Movie Review Summary
Actors:
Paul Giamatti, Alex Shaffer, Bobby Cannavale, Amy Ryan
Detailed plot synopsis reviews of Win Win
Mike Flaherty is struggling to keep his law practice afloat. He doesn't tell his wife or kids about his money problems, but pretty soon, they will go under. He makes a small stipend as the high school wrestling coach, but even that isn't remotely enough. When Leo, an elderly client dealing with dementia, has no one nearby to live with, Mike sees an opportunity to make some extra money and asks the judge to make him Leo's guardian. The deal: take care of Leo and get $1500 a month for your troubles. Mike makes the deal, puts Leo in a nursing home, and keeps the money to himself. A problem arises when Leo's grandson, Kyle, has run away from home across the country to come stay with Leo. Mike lets the kid live with them, and when Kyle acts out and runs away again at night, Mike discovers that Kyle's home life is terrible-- no father, a drug addict mother who'd been living with her boyfriend before getting shipped off to rehab, and no prospects for improvement. Mike's wife takes pity on the kid, and he's allowed to stay with them as part of the family. One day, with Kyle sitting around Mike's wrestling practice, they discover he's an unbelievable wrestler, so Mike enrolls him at the high school. With Kyle's help, Mike's wrestling team begins moving from the bottom of the standings back towards the top. However, when Kyle's mother shows up in hopes of insuring she can keep Leo's significant estate in her family, Kyle is furious that she's only there for the money. When it's revealed that Mike is only caring for Leo for the money as well, Kyle runs away, nowhere to be found. It's up to Mike to find Kyle and sort everything out, making what was once a win-win situation right again.
Best part of story, including ending:
It's a charming slice of life, with a great underdog sports story at the heart of it, and Paul Giamatti is a lovely leading actor to carry a story like this.
Best scene in story:
When Kyle first shows that he is a gifted wrestler, Mike and his best friend/assistant coach Terry freak out with happiness in a hilarious fashion.
Opinion about the main character:
Mike makes a morally ambiguous decision early on in taking the money for Leo, but we see why he did it: he wants to keep his job and his family. He earns our sympathy with his care for Kyle throughout.
The review of this Movie prepared by
R.W. Hainline
a Level 29 Superb Fruit-Dove scholar
What did you like or hate about this movie:
Name:
Anti-Spam mechanism:
Please enter the number 42 plus two in the right box.
Script Analysis of Win Win
Click on a plot link to find similar books!
Plot & Themes
Time/era of movie:
- 2000's+ (present)
Kids growing up/acting up?
-
Yes
Kids:
-
runaways!
Parent(s) gone?
-
Dada gone
Age group
-
trouble in high school
Main Character
Identity:
- Male
Profession/status:
- lawyer creature
Age:
- 40's-50's
Ethnicity/Nationality
- White American
Setting
United States
- Yes
The US:
- Northeast
Small town?
- Yes
Small town people:
- nice, like Andy/Opie/Aunt Bee
Misc setting
- school
Writing Style
Accounts of torture and death?
- no torture/death
Any profanity?
- Occasional swearing
Movies with storylines, themes & endings like Win Win
Precious starring
Gabourey Sidibe, Mo'Nique, Paula Patton, Mariah Carey
The Spectacular Now starring
Miles Teller, Shailene Woodley, Brie Larson, Kyle Chandler
Fish Tank starring
Katie Jarvis, Michael Fassbender
Gas Food Lodging starring
Brooke Adams, Lone Skye, Fairuza Balk, James Brolin
Igby Goes Down starring
Kieran Culkin, Claire Danes, Jeff Goldblum, Susan Sarandon, Amanda Peet, Bill Pullman
Win Win Message Board (click here)
Note: the views expressed here are only those of the reviewer(s).
2 Ways to Search!
Or
Our Chief Librarian- Musician's Friend Best Selection, Price & Service. Guaranteed.
Call our Gear Heads
at: 800-449-9128
Call our Gear Heads
at: 800-449-9128
Results 1 - 2 of 2 matches
Bach valve oil is a high-quality premium oil with fast action that stays on the valve for minimizing...
Our product catalog varies by country due to manufacturer restrictions. If you change the Ship-To country, some or all of the items in your cart may not ship to the new destination.courtesy of Dover DE Police [ Toddler Fight Club in Delaware – Daycare Workers Arrested [VIDEO] By Rob Acampora August 23, 2012 Disturbing news has surfaced out of Delaware as three daycare workers decide to bring the movie Fight Club to life ...... with young kids! Read More Category: News Tags: 3 workers arrested, Toddler Fight Club Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!We live so close to the beach that it is a shame that we don’t go as often as we do, but we made it out yesterday to El Capitan State Beach. We all had a great time and here are some photos of our adventure.
Also below is a video of Mason singing some songs… 2 minutes of fun with “Big Water” from Land Before Time 2 and Twinkle twinkle….plus tattoos!
If the Video doesn’t load… click HERE
This just made my day!
Wish we could enjoy the beach with you !Rob Zenilman submits: Year over year quarterly revenue growth of stocks covered in the Gold sector ranged from 4,322.2% (GRS) down to -40.8% (CAU), with a median value of 48.0%.
Data in table version -- click on a ticker for opinion and analysis of the company:
Note: Quarterly data is the most recently reported fiscal quarter as of July 6,?Former Giant warehouse in Jessup sold to joint venture
A former Giant Food distribution center, said to be the largest unoccupied warehouse in Maryland, has been sold to new owners. The 775,000-square-foot property, 7600 Assateague Drive in the Maryland Wholesale Food Center in Jessup, close to Interstate 95, was sold by Cushman & Wakefield to a joint venture consisting of New York Life representing institutional investors, and Mosaic Realty Partners. The seller was Warex-Jessup LLC. The sale price of the property was not disclosed. The entire 60-acre property, consisting of a 728,073-square-foot main building with separate building and site entrances for two tenants, a vehicle maintenance building, a small cross-dock building and a guard shack with perimeter fencing, is available for lease. Cris Abramson, Brian Kruger and Nick Signor of C&W’s capital markets team coordinated the sale on behalf of the seller, in conjunction with the industrial team of Michael Elardo, Jared Ross and Michael Kimmel. Elardo, Ross and Kimmel remain as the exclusive leasing agents, and will coordinate the marketing efforts.
Moody’s gives Baa3 rating to sale of notes by COPT
Moody’s Investors Service has assigned a Baa3 rating to the proposed $350 million senior unsecured notes being marketed by Corporate Office Properties Trust L.P., the operating partnership of Columbia-based Corporate Office Properties Trust.. Net proceeds from the offering will be used to repay certain outstanding borrowings and for general corporate purposes. (A Baa3 credit rating is Moody’s lowest rating of investment grade debt obligation.) Moody’s also affirmed Corporate Office Properties Trust L.P.’s existing Baa3 issuer rating with a stable outlook. COPT is an office real estate investment trust that focuses primarily on serving the specialized requirements of U.S. government agencies and defense contractors, most of whom are engaged in defense information technology and national security-related activities.
Streetscape improvements underway on Route 40
Howard County officials announced the start of construction on streetscape enhancement projects at two locations on Route 40. The projects, the first to be developed based on the 2010 Route 40 Streetscape Master Plan, will enhance the aesthetics of the corridor and include stormwater management elements to mitigate runoff and improve water quality. The two locations are US 40 at Wheaton Way and US 40 at Chatham Road. They were selected because officials determined improvements there would provide the greatest visual impact. The work will include new curbing for the medians, with portions made of brick-style stamped concrete. There will also be new plantings of flowers. Future projects will add enhancements and amenities at other intersections and high-impact locations along the corridor. Work was scheduled to start around May 1 and take about three weeks to complete. Work will be performed at night to minimize the impact on traffic.
EA Engineering to do environmental work for U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
EA Engineering, Science, and Technology Inc., of Hunt Valley, a provider of interdisciplinary environmental services, said it was awarded a contract to perform environmental remediation work for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers-Baltimore District at multiple locations. The contract has a five-year term, with a maximum total acquisition value of $100 million, to be spread among five small-business contractors. Work to be performed includes environmental investigations and response actions at known or suspected hazardous and toxic waste sites, and possibly remediation of radioactive material, military munitions and explosives, and environmental sustainability services. This is EA’s second such contract with the Corps of Engineers-Baltimore District.
Lockheed opens cyber security center
Lockheed Martin Corp.’s 56,000-square-foot cyber security center has opened in the Fort Meade area, and the Bethesda-based defense contractor celebrated the opening with employees, customers and industry partners receiving tours of the state-of-the-art facility as well as technology demonstrations..
Accokeek building to set high standard
(AP) A groundbreaking ceremony was held on April 25, 2013, for an energy-efficient building in Prince George’s County. Prince George’s County Executive Rushern Baker and Lt. Gov. Anthony Brown were among officials scheduled to attend the ceremony in Accokeek for the Potomac Watershed Study Center. The building is being touted as one of the most environmentally friendly in the world. When it is finished, supporters say it will take green buildings to a new level by being a net-zero water, net-zero energy and carbon neutral facility. It’s the region’s first Living Building. Now, there are only three certified Living Buildings in the world.
COPT’s funds from operations fall in 1Q
Corporate Office Properties Trust, a Columbia-based real estate investment trust focused on U.S. government agencies and defense contractors, saw its first-quarter funds from operations drop in 2013 compared to the prior year. COPT reported FFO of $45.4 million, or 45 cents per diluted share, in this year’s first quarter, compared to $49.1 million, or 59 cents per diluted share, for the same period in 2012. Revenue for the quarter totaled $131 million versus $132.2 million for the year-ago period, largely due to a decrease in construction contracts and other services. Funds from operations is used in calculating a REIT’s financial performance because it gives a more accurate picture of cash flow.
Baltimore hospital gets Angeloses’ gift
Saint Agnes Hospital announced it received a $2.5 million donation from attorney and Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos and his wife, Georgia, which is being used to support a new medical building that opened at the Southwest Baltimore hospital in February. The four-story, 80,000-square-foot Angelos Medical Pavilion encompasses the hospital’s expanded Cancer Institute, as well as a variety of specialties, including cardiovascular, bariatrics, urology, pulmonary, thoracic, general surgery and others. The Angelos pavilion is part of a $200+ million expansion of the hospital campus, which includes a new patient tower, renovated chest pain emergency department and a new parking garage.
ETC plans move to Highlandtown area
Baltimore’s Emerging Technology Centers, known as the ETC, announced that it will move its technology incubator to 101 N. Haven St., a renovated historic industrial building near Highlandtown that once housed the King Cork and Seal Co. ETC’s current lease at 2400 Boston St., in Canton, expires in October. The new location will house 31 resident startup companies, and also serve as a “hub” for ETC’s growing portfolio of virtual companies. Several ETC graduates have also signed leases for commercial space at Haven Street. The ETC — a venture of the Baltimore Development Corp. — will maintain its other location at the Johns Hopkins University – Eastern Campus on 33rd Street.
BGE donates time and money to Habitat
Baltimore Gas & Electric Co. said it has given $300,000 to Habitat for Humanity of the Chesapeake to improve the energy efficiency of 180 limited-income homes. The utility also announced that nearly 40 of its employees teamed up with HHC last week to help rehabilitate a home in the Orchard Ridge neighborhood of Baltimore, as a kickoff to a three-year commitment by BGE to the nonprofit organization. Habitat for Humanity is a national ecumenical Christian housing organization building simple, decent, affordable housing in partnership with people in need. HHC’s clients live in Baltimore, and Anne Arundel, Baltimore and Howard counties.
Stream restoration proposals sought
(AP) State officials are seeking proposals for Maryland’s Stream Restoration Challenge. The program, which began. The Department of Natural Resources is accepting proposals through May 30.
Anne Arundel Exec nixes stormwater fees
(AP) Anne Arundel County Executive Laura Neuman has vetoed a stormwater remediation fee, asking the county council to consider phasing-in fees for some property owners. Neuman vetoed the bill on April 25, giving the council two months to develop a new plan or override the veto. The council narrowly passed the bill two weeks ago..
Metro cold-shoulders transit center hub
(AP) The D.C. Metro system said it won’t operate the Silver Spring Transit Center as planned because flaws make it too expensive to maintain. The Washington Post reported that the transit agency notified Montgomery County officials that even if construction and design flaws in the $120 million facility are corrected, it would be too large a burden for the agency. The three-level bus and train hub is over budget and already more than two years behind schedule. Repairs are expected to take at least another year. Metro says it still plans to operate Metrobus service from the center, but won’t pursue inter-city bus operations there.
Choice Hotels’ profit drops in 1Q
Choice Hotels International Inc., a Silver Spring-based hotel franchise chain, reported first-quarter net income of $15.5 million, or 26 cents per diluted share, versus net income of $20 million, or 34 cents per diluted share, for the year-ago period. Revenue totaled $136.9 million, up from $129.2 million in the 2012 quarter. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters had forecast, on average, earnings of 27 cents per share on revenue of $135.13 million. In reporting quarterly results, the company said it incurred $7.7 million of additional interest expense related to financing transactions it entered into during the second and third quarters of 2012.
HUD funds to aid low-income disabled
Officials of the Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development announced the state will receive approximately $11 million from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development for a rental assistance demonstration program. The program provides rental assistance to extremely low-income persons with disabilities, many of whom are transitioning out of institutional settings or are at high risk of homelessness. The HUD funds will provide five years of rental assistance for 150 units, split evenly between the Baltimore and Washington areas. Maryland is one of 13 states selected to receive the HUD rental assistance demonstration funding.
Flir Systems moves to larger facility
Flir Systems Inc., a thermal imaging (infrared) systems manufacturer based in Wilsonville, Ore., is opening an 80,000-square-foot engineering and manufacturing facility in Elkridge on Wednesday. A ribbon-cutting ceremony is scheduled with guests invited from Howard County government, Maryland’s congressional delegation, state agencies and officials from the departments of Defense and Homeland Security. The company is moving from a smaller, 35,000-square-foot facility, also located in Elkridge. The new location in the Troy Hill Commerce Center is designed to accommodate existing development and production programs and prepare for future growth. More than 70 employees, consultants and subcontractors will work in the new facility.
Conservation group gets funds pledge
The Eastern Shore Land Conservancy, a nonprofit conservation organization based in Queenstown, announced that it has received a pledge of $250,000 from the Grayce B. Kerr Fund to be put toward the planned Eastern Shore Conservation Center in Easton. The conservation center will consist of a historic warehouse building, now vacant, which ESLC has purchased, and a neighboring building that was donated after being damaged in a fire in the fall of 2012. ESLC plans to renovate both buildings as a center for green conservation. The Grayce B. Kerr Fund, based in Easton, is a foundation focused on education, research, the environment and community enhancement.
Housing for homeless planned in Howard
Howard County is partnering with Volunteers of America Chesapeake Inc., a nonprofit homeless services provider, on a new, 30-unit affordable housing development and resource center for homeless people, to be built on Guilford Road near the intersection of Routes 1 and 32. Howard County Executive Ken Ulman said the county will acquire eight acres of land for $3.25 million, which will be turned over to the Howard County Housing Commission. The commission will lease the land to VOA Chesapeake, which will develop, build and manage the facility. There were more than 200 homeless persons in the county in January 2013, officials said, many of whom are employed but unable to find affordable housing.
Anne Arundel Council overrides fee veto
(AP) The Anne Arundel County Council has voted to override the county executive’s veto of a stormwater remediation fee and will now consider emergency legislation to modify the fee. The new legislation introduced Wednesday would lower the commercial properties fee cap and phase in homeowners’ fees. County Executive Laura Neuman vetoed the original legislation last week, asking the council to consider changes. The General Assembly passed a bill last year directing 10 jurisdictions, including Anne Arundel County, to establish the fee by July 1 or face fines. The money will pay for efforts to clean up the Chesapeake Bay watershed.
PERSONNEL
Jones Lang LaSalle, a national professional services and investment management firm offering specialized real estate services to clients, announced that Lindsay Summerfield has joined the firm’s Mid-Atlantic Industrial Practice Group as a vice president in the Baltimore office. Summerfield has more than 10 years of commercial real estate experience in both landlord and tenant representation. She was previously employed as a vice president in the Baltimore office of Colliers International, specializing in the sale and leasing of properties throughout the Baltimore-Washington corridor, with a concentration in Anne Arundel and Howard counties.
Mahan Rykiel Associates Inc. a Baltimore-based landscape architecture, urban design and planning firm, promoted six of its staff to associate principal, senior associate and associate levels. Named as associate principals were Peng Gu and Heidi Thomas. New promoted to senior associates were Alice Jones, Ryan Johnson and Terry Burns. Also, Rudraksha Jhaveri has been promoted to the level of associate.
_____________________________________
LEASES
The BBQ Joint has signed a lease with St. John Properties Inc. for 2,282 square feet of space at Magothy Beach Plaza, a neighborhood shopping center located near the intersection of Md. Route 100 and Magothy Beach Road in Pasadena. The restaurant — the second one in Maryland owned by Andrew Evans, a chef who previously owned the Inn at Easton — is expected to open by early summer. Evans also owns a BBQ Joint in Easton.
Bozzuto & Associates Inc., a diversified residential real estate company, signed a new 74,117-square-foot lease at 6406 Ivy Lane in Greenbelt, a 163,857-square-foot office building located in Capital Office Park. Bozzuto was represented in the leasing deal by Demetri Koutrouvelis and Nicole Miller, both of Studley. The landlord, Mack-Cali Realty Corp., of Edison, N.J., was represented by its own director of leasing, Kenneth Smondrowski.
Merritt Properties LLC reported the following recently signed leases:
* Lukoil Marine Lubricants USA Inc., a marine lubricant production and sales company, leased 1.411 square feet of office space at 729 E. Pratt St. Lukoil was represented in the transaction by Nick Roper of Long and Foster Real Estate. Merritt’s in-house leasing team of Pat Franklin, Whit Levering , Lou Boeri and Ashley Combs handled the deal for the landlord.
* The Greater Baltimore Board of Realtors leased 7,698 square feet of office space at Timonium Two, an office building at 1954 Greenspring Drive in Timonium. The GBBR will use the space for its residential Realtors board office. Pat Franklin, Whit Levering , Lou Boeri and Ashley Combs represented the landlord, Merritt Properties.
* The Garden Creative LLC, a broadcast/graphic design company, leased 500 square feet of office space at Columbia Corporate Park, 8850 Stanford Blvd., Suite 1950 in Columbia. The deal was handled by Merritt’s in-house leasing team of Jamie Campbell, Liz Tarran-Jones, Lauren Lindsay, Vince Bagli and Steve Shaw, representing the landlord.Interest Level
Grades PreK - 3
Reading Level
Grade level Equivalent: 2.1
Lexile® Measure: 330L
DRA: 20
Guided Reading: L
Type of Book: Early Chapter Book
Genre
- Series
Theme/Subject
- Elementary School
- April Fool's Day
- Spring Themes
About This Book?
Items Added to Cart:
1 Paperback
2 Hardcover
1 Teacher's Edition
$48.99 SubtotalGoing to the North End Friday Night For Dinner. What's your favorite?
-
- re: Gabatta
- re: thrilla05
I too love prezza, but in case it doesn't fit into your idea of "moderate price" (though that varies from person to person, so just take a look at their menu online). Marco is good food, cozy atmosphere and more affordable, and I recently had a couple of very tasty meals at Panza, also more reasonable.
Make reservations. Nothing sucks the fun out of a Friday in the North End like standing in line for an hour, for me, anyway.
As many have noted, Prezza has great food and one of the best wine lists in the North End. It's expensive, but I also think it's easy to overorder there. A normal person can't come close to finishing an antipasto, primo, and secondo. Sharing a few apps and pasta courses will help keep your check more reasonable. Fancy food always looks grim from a doggie bag the next day, anyway.
Mamma Maria has another good wine list, and I've had solid experiences with the food and service over the years, but it's a different experience: traditional where Prezza is modern, in a quaint old townhouse with lots of little dining rooms. It's still not a Southern Italian or Italian-American kind of place, a real Northern focus to the menu, and also rather expensive.
Another place with an impressive wine list and big price tags is Tresca. I can't comment on the food here. It has a celebrity owner, which isn't always a great value indicator to me.Sweet Carolina Cupcakes - Hilton Head Island, SC
Hilton Head Island's Premeire Cupcakery.
Our original bakery in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina. We opened the doors in 2008 and we're still in operation today. This is the place where we first started baking the best Cucpakes that anyone has ever tried. Since then, we have baked and sold more than 250,000 Cupcakes from a tiny shop in the back corner of Coligny Plaza!
This little Cupcakery holds a special place in our butter-cream-filled hearts. Over the years, you have come to us for Weddings, Birthdays, Anniversaries and even the occassional proposal of Marriage has happened in right here. Day after day for the past four years as we worked to perfect our craft and share it with you, our loyal customer, you came in droves. And then, you came back again and again...This is where you made us successful.
Conveniently located within walking distance from Forest Beach, right next to the Piggly Wiggly. We even have outside seating when the weather is nice, which is pretty much year round here in Hilton Head.
The next time you're down on the south end of "the island", stop by and see what we're talking about. You'll be glad you did.Fashion Click Look of the Day: Analisa Nguyen
by Teen Vogue
WORE: A top from Reecn, Fascue shorts, a necklace from Lylif, a bag from Grafea and Dene wedges.
WHY WE LOVE IT: Don't be afraid to try serious color this spring like Analisa. Her sorbet colored sheer button-up pairs perfectly with floral shorts, while all being grounded by neutral accessories. Her matching lips and manicure add an extra punch while her round sunglasses top it off with 70s flair.
Love Analisa's outfit? See her full post >>
Check out today's top outfits from our favorite personal-style bloggers around the globe now on Teen Vogue's Fashion Click.
Want to be a Fashion Click blogger? Apply Here >>![if !IE]>
<![endif]>
Diamondback Ring
$24,000.00
Pave Diamondback ring, 18k yellow & white gold, black rhodium, .31cts white diamonds, 4.0cts black diamonds, ships within 5 business days
There are no reviews yet.
Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Channeling the glamour of 1940’s film noir, Florette captures the contemporary allure of today’s femme fatale..Wyoming Boys’ State in Douglas
Date posted: July 5, 2013
A group of Sheridan area students recently attended Wyoming Boys’ State in Douglas June 1-7. Boys from across the state participated in the week of activities, gaining knowledge of the state and its governmental structure. Novak was elected governor at Boys’ State.Nurses: Disinfectants Linked To Increased Asthma Risk
A new study from the University of North Carolina suggests that nurses with occupational exposure to hospital cleaning products and medical instrument disinfectants have a greater risk of developing asthma.
“I think it’s time that hospitals start exploring substituting products containing chemicals known to be respiratory irritants/sensitizers with products that may pose less health risk, just like what they did with substituting powdered latex gloves with powder free/vinyl gloves,” said Dr. Ahmed A. Arif of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte during an interview with Reuters.
“It is important to recognize that ours is not the only study, although it is one of the larger studies, that has shown association between exposure to cleaning-related chemicals and asthma in nurses,” he said.
Dr. Arif and his team questioned a representative sample of 3650 Texas health care professionals, 941 of which were nurses.
After accounting for factors that might influence the results, such as smoking status, age, weight and seniority, nurses who consistently cleaned medical instruments were 67 percent more likely to report an asthma diagnosis since beginning their job, the researchers found.
Furthermore, nurses who were routinely exposed to general cleaning chemicals and disinfectants were 72 percent more likely to report being newly-diagnosed with asthma and 57 percent more likely to report asthma-like symptoms.
Interestingly, nurses working with glues and solvents were 51 percent more likely to report asthma-like symptoms, the researchers found. This particular finding was “less expected,” Arif acknowledged.
“We need more studies to further evaluate the significance of this finding,” he said.
The study was published in the journal Occupational and Environmental Medicine, February 2009.
—
On the Net:Dr. Kevin Ladin is a physiatrist in Phoenix, AZ. He helps patients to recuperate from injury or disease to enjoy a higher quality of life.
Learn More
We invite you to write a review about your experience with Dr. Ladin.
Find potential causes and treatment options with the MD.com Symptom Checker.
See our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.News | Stats | Stat vs. Team | Targets | Injury | Depth Chart | Roster
Week By Week
Fri, 15 Jul 2011 07:54:17 -0700
A house owned by former RB Deuce McAllister is scheduled to be auctioned July 27. The auction could be called off before then, according to the Sheriff's Office. A sheriff's sale of the house originally had been scheduled for June. In the meantime, the two.
Tue, 19 Jan 2010 13:41:55 -0800
The Associated Press reports New Orleans Saints RB Deuce McAllister said he is officially retiring from football..
Fri, 15 Jan 2010 18:52:19 -0800
ESPN.com reports New Orleans Saints RB Deuce McAllister was signed Friday, Jan. 15, with the intention of being an honorary captain for the team's Divisional Round game Saturday, Jan. 16. However, he will not play in the game, according to head coach Sean Payton.
Fri, 15 Jan 2010 09:36:39 -0800
WDSU.com reports the New Orleans Saints have re-signed RB Deuce McAllister, according to sources. Terms of the contract were not disclosed. Sources said McAllister could provide pass protection and blocking as well as some depth at running back.
Tue, 26 May 2009 06:20:45 -0700
Les East, of The Advocate, reports the New Orleans Saints have not had a 1,000-yard rusher since former RB Deuce McAllister rushed for 1,057 yards in 2006 as he and RB Reggie Bush combined for 1,622 yards. In the last two seasons, the team's top three rushers have failed to match what McAllister and Bush had in 2006.
Mon, 25 May 2009 12:22:25 -0700
Mike Triplett, of the New Orleans Times-Picayune, reports unrestricted free-agent RB Deuce McAllister (Saints) said the five players who were suspended last season for testing positive for a banned substance plan to appeal a court ruling that upheld the NFL's suspensions.
Mon, 25 May 2009 12:21:39 -0700
Mike Triplett, of the New Orleans Times-Picayune, reports if unrestricted free-agent RB Deuce McAllister (Saints) is not on a roster to start the season, he still would be able to serve his four-game suspension when he is a free agent and could play for a team immediately after the suspension.
Fri, 15 May 2009 18:58:08 -0700
Brett Martel, of the Associated Press, reports free-agent RB Deuce McAllister (Saints) said he would not rule out re-signing with the New Orleans Saints. McAllister said returning to New Orleans would be "a dream come true. ... But if it's on a visiting team, then so be it. All that will play itself out."
Fri, 15 May 2009 18:57:17 -0700
Brett Martel, of the Associated Press, reports free-agent RB Deuce McAllister (Saints) said he hopes to begin visiting teams interested in signing him in a few weeks.
More player news ...
Also see
05/28 - Fantasy football player news05/22 - NFL Players in the News09/29 - NFL Players in the News09/19 - Friday Practice Report09/19 - NFL Players in the News09/17 - Wednesday Practice Report09/17 - NFL Players in the News09/12 - Friday Practice Report09/12 - Official Injury Report - Week 209/12 - NFL Players in the NewsLO had a mild case of the stomach bug in December and now he has it again! Poor guy he can't seem to catch a break. He started vomiting early this morning; about 5 times. He hasn't vomited since but has started a low grade fever and had a loose stool. Hoping that this one is just a 24hour bug as well.
Stomach bug again!!!
Posted 02/11/2013
Be the first to comment!< Browse more posts
What's on your mind?
There was a time when baseball could have landed you in a Nebraska jail.
On opening day for the Nebraska City River Hawks this year, the River Hawks came to Lincoln to play the Bombers in the Southeast Nebraska League. As Bruce Esser, who runs a website dedicated to Nebraska’s baseball history, explained, it’s part of a long sporting tradition in this state.
“In the late 1800s and early 1900s baseball was the sport. Football was a minor sport at that point and time,” Esser said. “Baseball was what every town did. It was a matter of civic pride to have a good team.”
“It was the thing to do in Nebraska in the early 1900s was to go to a baseball game in the summer… Playing on Sunday was a particular problem.”
At the turn of the last century, laws in many states banned any kind of business or entertainment on the Sabbath, and for Christians that meant Sunday.
“Some towns like Columbus in 1910 just turned a blind eye to the law and went ahead and played Sunday baseball. Omaha played Sunday baseball starting in 1900. Other towns like Lincoln, and Beatrice and Kearney and York, it was impossible to play Sunday baseball.”
Impossible because of the blue laws, which were originally enacted by 17th century Puritan colonists. They were designed to enforce a community’s religious standards.
Pastor Craig Walls is senior minister at South Pointe Christian Church in Lincoln, Neb. and a devout Cleveland Indians fan.
“I guess if you are not going to be in church there is not a better place to be than at a baseball game,” Walls said.
Walls reminds his parishioners that honoring the Sabbath day comes from the Jewish tradition of ceasing from work from sundown Friday through Saturday sundown. He’s even used the sport in his sermons to make a pitch for the New Testament team.
“There is an eternal sense to baseball. It could have no ending. It could go on forever,” he said. “And then the fact that there is sacrifice. Sacrifice bunts where you give yourself up. That’s such a metaphor for life.”
But turn-of-the-century life was not always that simple for Nebraskans. The far-reaching blue laws made it difficult to get in a game on Sunday. Richard Duncan teaches law at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln with a special interest in religion, the law, and the Boston Red Sox.
“You know it’s pretty obvious that most of the legislators circa early 1900s were probably practicing Christians. It would just seem natural to them to pick their day of religious rest that would apply to everyone,” Duncan said.
Teams usually played two games a week, but there was also a perfectly logical reason why some teams had to play on Sunday.
“The turn of the century, a lot of these ballplayers were part-time ballplayers,” he said. “They probably worked in factories during the week, and on the weekends they played baseball and people wanted to have that entertainment.”
But it was the church leaders across Nebraska who made sure local police enforced the law; shutting down grocery stores and barbershops and baseball games seen as threats to the moral fiber of the community.
“The police would show up,” Esser said. “People would be arrested. It was a $10 fine or 10 days in jail,” he said. “Sometimes they would move to a town in a different county to play. In one case they actually went to Kansas to play. They just got on a train, played on a Kansas field and came back.”
In 1902, a group called the Law and Order League pressured the Sheriff in Otoe County to shut down Sunday baseball, and during one particular game, 1,200 fans in the stands, it all boiled over.
The headline in the Red Cloud Chief, blared, “Sunday Baseball Results in a Riot! Sheriff Attempts Arrest of Players!”
“A warrant sworn out by a member of the Law and Order League was placed in the hands of Sheriff Brower for the arrest of the two teams. At the close of the third inning the sheriff appeared. When he arrived on the grounds an angry crowd surrounded and hustled him violently. His revolver was taken away from him. He succeeded in arresting four players and took them to a justice’s office, where they were placed under bonds.”
A number of city pastors were at the justice’s office. Friends of the players threatened and jostled them. A rock was thrown at Rev. C.M. Shepherd of the Methodist. Rev. Shepherd was chased to his home.
The local churches got no sympathy from the local judge. The entire case was thrown out of his courtroom. The Otoe County prosecutor didn’t like that verdict. He appealed it all the way to the State Supreme Court. And this was not even the first Sunday baseball case argued before the highest court in the state.
“The Supreme Court in their ruling said it would lead to mayhem if we had Sunday baseball, that it would disrupt the moral fiber of the state to allowing Sunday baseball,” Esser said. “So at that point the church was very much in a moral position. Baseball was a competitor to attending church”
Sunday baseball became the hottest political debate in the state. An editorial cartoon in the Omaha Bee depicted the three most important issues facing state legislators: the death penalty, a woman’s right to vote, and playing baseball on Sunday. The paper’s sports columnist, Sandy Griswold, called the law “idiotic.” In 1913, state law changed. Local governments could decide whether to allow play. Soon the protests ended. Baseball had beaten the Bible. Today, people like Pastor Craig Walls can catch a game with his kids. He’s glad he has the choice.
“I know well-meaning people want to hold on to some values, and there is a value in honoring the Sabbath, and I totally agree with that, but when we enforce that we get entangled with the state and that always ends badly for the church,” he said.
Over the next few years, one restriction after another was relaxed. The state allowed drug stores, barber shops, movie theaters, dance halls and car dealers to open for business on Sundays. Blue laws lingered largely unenforced until the 1960s. The pattern was the same in other states across the country.
“It’s kind of interesting because baseball was referred to as the national past time,” Duncan said. “And so if you are going to use something to break the strangle hold of the blue laws than what would put more pressure on state legislatures than people wanting to go out and watch the national past time.”
With an orange Nebraska sunset to the west, the mercury vapor lights formed a ring around the Nebraska City River Hawks’ perfect green diamond. From a distance the young men on the field looked like the players you see on century old promotional posters for a town’s semi-pro team. It was a Wednesday night, but as the players turned their thoughts to Sunday’s game, it was clear that some of them like Frank Stidd have 100 years of perspective.
“Just to be out here playing is good enough for me,” Stidd said. “As long as I don’t go to jail.”Ayad AllawiAyad Allawi
Interim Prime Minister of IraqIn office
May 28, 2004 – April 7, 2005President Ghazi Mashal Ajil al-Yawer(interim) Preceded by Saddam HusseinSucceeded by Ibrahim al-JaafariBorn 1945
Political party Iraqi National AccordReligion Shia Islam
Ayad Allawi (Arabic: إياد علاوي transliteration: Iyād ʿAllāwī) (born 1945). [1] and retains British citizenship. His wife and children still live in Britain for their security. He survived an assassination attempt on April 20, 2005.
Allawi's name is sometimes rendered as Eyad Allawi, the Iraqi pronunciation for Ayad.
Contents
- 1 Allawi Timeline
- 2 Allawi's early life
- 3 Early political career
- 4 The Iraqi National Accord
- 5 Post-Saddam
- 6 Interim Prime Minister
- 7 Post-Premiership
- 8 Personal life
- 9 References
- 10 External links
Allawi Timeline.
1975: Falls out of favour with the Baath party.
1978: Plots with Iraqi generals to overthrow Saddam in a coup and Saddam comes to know of this.: Publicly announces the existence of the Iraqi National Accord which was previously a clandestine operation; and is voted its Secretary General. The organisation recruits disillusioned Baathist military officers who have defected. voted for unanimously by the Governing Council to become the interim Prime Minister of Iraq.
June 28: (Two days early) the US-led coalition hands over power to Allawi and the interim government.
Allawi's early life
Allawi was born in 1945 to a prominent Shia merchant family; his grandfather helped to negotiate Iraq's independence from Britain, and his father was an Iraqi Member of Parliament. He became involved in Ba'athism at a young age and organized against the government of Abdul Karim Qassim. In the 1960s, he studied at medical school in Baghdad and became friendly with fellow Ba'athist Saddam Hussein. He graduated high school from Baghdad College an American Catholic Jesuit high school, same as Ahmed Chalabi and Adil Abdul Mahdi.
Allawi is related to Ahmed Chalabi, another prominent former exile and now disgraced though somewhat rehabilitated U.S. ally, through his sister. Former minister of trade Ali Allawi is Chalabi's sister's son as well as Iyad Allawi's cousin. The relationship between Chalabi and Allawi has been described as alternating between rivals and allies.[2] In addition, Nouri Badran, interim Minister of Interior, is married to Iyad Allawi's sister.[3] He is half Lebanese, as he is son of Najat Osseiran, and cousin of Leila Adel Osseiran.[4] [5]
Early political career
In 1971, he moved to London in order to continue his medical education. He resigned from the Baath party in 1975, "having decided that Saddam was exerting too much control over it".[6][7] Allawi himself states that he remained active in the international Ba'athist movement but had no ties to the Iraqi Ba'atist party.
At first Saddam, then Iraq's deputy president, pressured Allawi, who was in contact with senior military and party officers that were increasingly critical of Saddam, to rejoin the Ba'ath Party. In 1978, friends told Allawi that his name was on a liquidation list. In February 1978 Allawi was awoken in bed one night by an intruder in his Surrey home, who proceeded to attack him with an axe. The intruder left, convinced that Allawi was dead as he lay in a pool of blood. He survived the attempted murder, and spent the next year in hospital recovering from his injuries. His first wife, Athour, was also wounded in the attack. It is presumed that the attack was an assassination attempt ordered by Saddam Hussein. [2] He separated with his wife after mutual agreement.
The Iraqi National AccordIyad Allawi
While still recovering in hospital from the attack, Allawi started organising an opposition network to work against the government of Saddam Hussein. Through the 1980s he built this network, recruiting Iraqis while traveling as a businessman and for the UNDP. It is widely believed that he spent much of this period working with the Secret Intelligence Service (SIS).
In December 1990, Allawi announced the formation of the Iraqi National Accord (INA). Allawi's main partner in the INA was Salah Omar Al-Ali, a former member of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council and ambassador to the United Nations. Al-Ali eventually broke off his relations with Allawi when he learned of his relationship with foreign intelligence agencies. The main sponsors of INA were the British, but they received secret backing from Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United States. The group consisted mainly of former military personnel who had defected from Saddam Hussein's Iraq to instigate a military coup. Allawi established links and worked with the CIA in 1992 as a counterpoint to the more well-known CIA asset Ahmed Chalabi, and because of the INA's links in the Ba'athist establishment. It is alleged Allawi's INA organised attacks in Iraq. This campaign never posed a threat to Saddam Hussein's rule, but was designed to test INA's capability to effect regime change. Though Saddam's government claimed the attacks have caused up to 100 civilian deaths though there are no true records of theses statistics to date.[8]
A military coup was planned for 1996, in which Iraqi generals were to lead their units against Baghdad and remove Saddam Hussein. The CIA supported the plot, code-named DBACHILLES, and added Iraqi officers that were not part of INA. The plan ended in disaster as it had been infiltrated by agents loyal to Saddam. US support was also questionable - requests by the CIA station chief in Amman for American air support were refused by the Clinton administration. Many participants were executed. Lands and factories belonging to the Allawi family were confiscated, even their graveyard in Najaf was seized, although later was returned. According to Allawi, his family lost $250 million worth of assets. [3] US support for INA continued, receiving $6 million covert aid in 1996 and $5 million in 1995 (according to books by David Wurmser as well as Andrew and Patrick Cockburn).[9]
Allawi channelled the report from an Iraqi officer claiming that Iraq could deploy its supposed weapons of mass destruction within "45 minutes" to British Intelligence.[10] This claim featured prominently in the September Dossier which the British government released in 2002 to gain public support for the Iraq invasion. In the aftermath of the war, the "45 minute claim" was also at the heart of the confrontation between the British government and the BBC, and the death of David Kelly later examined by Lord Hutton. Giving evidence to the Hutton Inquiry, the head of MI6 Richard Dearlove suggested that the claim related to battlefield weapons rather than weapons of mass destruction.[11]
Post-Saddam
Shortly after the fall of Saddam Hussein in 2003, the Coalition Provisional Authority (the "CPA") was established by the occupying forces in order to administer the country until sovereignty could be restored to the country. The CPA decided to establish a grouping of senior Iraqi politicians to carry out some administrative responsibilities, with a view to giving the occupation a more "Iraqi face". This grouping was referred to as the Governing Council, and was made up of 25 Iraqis that were appointed by the CPA. Allawi was one of those that were selected to serve on the Governing Council, and occupied the position Minister of Defence (although his real responsibilities in that regard were obviously limited considering Iraq remained under occupation). He held the rotating presidency of the interim governing council during October of 2003. In April 2004, Allawi reportedly resigned as head of the IGC security committee over concerns for US bombing of Fallujah, according to a letter published in INA's newspaper.[12]
In December 2003, he flew to CIA headquarters in Langley together with fellow INA official Nouri Badran to discuss detailed plans for setting up a domestic secret service. The agency was to be headed by Badran, a former Ba'athist who served Saddam as an ambassador until 1990, and, controversially, recruit many agents of Saddam's Mukhabarat.[13] When the Iraqi National Intelligence Service was set up in March 2004, its designated director was Mohammed Abdullah Mohammed al-Shehwani, another former Ba'athist exile with ties to INA.
Interim Prime Minister
On May 28, 2004, he was elected unanimously by the Governing Council to be the Interim Prime Minister of Iraq to govern the country beginning with the United States' handover of sovereignty (June 30, 2004) until national elections, scheduled for early 2005. Although many believe the decision was reached largely on the advice of United Nations special envoy to Iraq, Lakhdar Brahimi, the New York Times reported that Brahimi only endorsed him reluctantly after pressure from U.S. officials. (In response to a question about the role of the U.S. in Allawi's appointment, Brahimi replied: “I sometimes say, I'm sure he doesn't mind me saying that, Bremer is the dictator of Iraq. He has the money. He has the signature. Nothing happens without his agreement in this country.”[14] Two weeks later, Brahimi announced his resignation, due to "great difficulties and frustration". [15]
At the time of his nomination, Allawi was often described in the US mainstream media as a moderate Shia, a member of Iraq's majority faith, chosen for his secular, national views. Later, as military situation in Iraq worsened and the death toll increased, coverage became sometimes less flattering and included descriptions suggesting Allawi was Washington's puppet (e.g. Newsweek:"Iraq's New S. O. B." [4], NYT: "Dance of the Marionettes"[16]). The BBC attributes his nomination to being "equally mistrusted by everyone" in Iraq.[17] A secret document written in 2002 by the British Overseas and Defence Secretariat reportedly stated that within Iraq, Allawi was seen as "a western stooge" who "lacked domestic credibility". [18]
On June 28, 2004 (two days early), the U.S.-led coalition handed over power to Allawi and the Iraqi Interim Government, who were sworn in later that same day. After his interim government assumed legal custody of Saddam Hussein and re-introduced capital punishment, Allawi gave assurances that he would not interfere with the trial and would accept any court decisions. In an interview with Dubai-based TV station al-Arabiya he said: "As for the execution, that is for the court to decide — so long as a decision is reached impartially and fairly."[19]
On July 17, two Australian newspapers, the Sydney Morning Herald [5], [6] and The Age [7], published an article alleging that one week before the handover of sovereignty, Allawi himself summarily executed six suspected insurgents at a Baghdad police station. The allegations are backed up by two unknown un-named sources[20] and the execution is said to have taken place in presence of about a dozen Iraqi police, four American security men and Interior Minister Falah al-Naqib. Mr Allawi reportedly said that the execution was to "send a clear message to the police on how to deal with insurgents". Both Allawi's office and Naqib have denied the report. US ambassador John Negroponte did not clearly deny the allegations. Additionally, the allegations made by Sydney Morning Herald journalist Paul McGeough went largely unreported by mainstream American media. Iraq's Human Rights Minister Bakhtiar Amin pledged to investigate the allegations against his PM.[8] The stories were reported to have increased Allawi's reputation in Iraq as they convinced many that he had the fortitude to rule. Ahmed Chalabi has been routinely involved in planting stories in the media against Allawi.
On July 18, Iraqi militants offered a $285,000 reward for anyone who could kill Iyad Allawi.[21]
During the summer of 2004, Allawi made several controversial decisions. Most notably, his decision to support the military incursions of both Najaf and Falluja made him extremely unpopular amongst some Iraqis. He also announced the creation of General Security Directorate, a domestic spy agency, whose main role is to counteract terrorist groups and the Iraqi insurgency. He recruited some former agents of Saddam Hussein's secret police to form the General Security Directorate. He gave himself the powers to declare martial law.[22] He closed the Iraqi office of al Jazeera and nominated Ibrahim Janabi, a former Ba'athist and Mukhabarat officer, to head the newly created media regulator. He also made moves to eliminate Muqtada al-Sadr from the scene.[23]
Allawi led the Iraqi National Accord during the January 2005 Iraqi election. His campaign was mainly characterised by his attempt to improve his image, which had been seriously damaged as a result of his many unpopular decisions. His campaign reached a low point when he visited the Imam Ali shrine in Najaf on December 4, 2004, where a group of angry Shia worshipers hurled their shoes at him. Later on, in a face saving statement, Allawi claimed that it was an assassination attempt. The incident was largely believed to have been orchestrated by Iran.[24]
The INA polled a distant third, with 14% of the vote, which on a party versus coalition makes him head one of the largest represented parties. This was probably due to, among other factors, the strong character assassination campaign against him (again, thought to be backed by Iran).
Post-Premiership). However, despite a slick advertising campaign, and despite high expectations, this list performed less than expected in the polls with thirteen members assassinated in the run up to the elections and allegations (later proven) of fraud. It managed to secure 25 seats in the national assembly, a net loss of 15 seats since the January 2005 elections, yet doing as well as other parties when partitioned from their sectarian/ethnic blocs.
The Iraqi National List was represented in the coalition governmment led by Nouri al-Maliki, but Allawi himself did not take a Cabinet post. The party eventually boycotted the government in 2007. [25]
Personal life
Allawi's first wife was named Athour. He divorced her in 1981 in the wake of the assassination attempt against him in 1978. He later remarried. His wife lives in London with their two daughters, born around 1988 and 1989, and son, born around 1996.[26]
When he first came to England years ago he was married to an Iraqi Catholic whose father was one of the top pilots in Iraq. He faced several assassination attempts in England and throughout the Middle-East by agents of Saddam's regime.[citation needed]
References
- ^ Cave, Damien. "Maliki hangs on in the absence of a strong alternative in Iraq", IHT, August 19, 2007.
- ^ "Allawi gets nod for top job", The Sydney Morning Herald, May 29, 2004.
- ^ Beeman, William. "The House of Chalabi: The Future of Iraq?", Agence Global, 20 May 2004.
- ^ Fisk, Robert. "War's Effect Felt Across Mideast", Seattle Post-Intelligencer, March 23, 2005.
- ^ Bazzi, Samer (June 1, 2004). The Lebanese Armageddon in the New Iraq. bintjbeil.com.
- ^ Anderson, Jon. "A Man of the Shadows: Can Iyad Allawi hold Iraq together?", The New Yorker, January 24, 2005.
- ^ Hersh, Seymour. "Plan B: As June 30th approaches, Israel looks to the Kurds", The New Yorker, June 28, 2004.
- ^ Andrew Gilligan "The Strongman of Baghdad" in The Spectator 13 November 2004
- ^ Bloomberg.com: Europe
- ^ Iraqi who gave MI6 45-minute claim says it was untrue | Special Reports | Guardian Unlimited Politics
- ^ Spy chief regrets '45 minute' Iraq weapons claim -
- ^ Bloomberg.com: Europe
- ^ Iraq Spy Service Planned by U.S. To Stem Attacks (washingtonpost.com)
- ^ Green Left - Cover Story: IRAQ: US still calls the shots
- ^
- ^ The New York Times > Opinion > Op-Ed Columnist: Dance of the Marionettes
- ^ BBC NEWS | Middle East | Who's who in Iraq: Iyad Allawi
- ^ Ministers were told premier was seen as stooge - Telegraph
- ^ [1][dead link]
- ^ Lateline - 16/07/2004: Iraqs interim PM executed six insurgents: witnesses
- ^ BBC NEWS | World | Middle East | Fourteen killed in Falluja strike
- ^ Iraq Approves Security Law Allowing Martial Rule (washingtonpost.com)
- ^ Iraq: Carrots and Clubs - Newsweek The War in Iraq - MSNBC.com
- ^ CNN.com - Ex-Iraqi leader claims assassination attempt - Dec 4, 2005
- ^ McClatchy Washington Bureau | 08/06/2007 | Iraqi government unraveling as more ministers boycott
- ^ Profiles: A Man of the Shadows: The New Yorker
External linksWikimedia Commons has media related to: Ayad Allawi
- Resources on Ayad Allawi
- Op-Ed by Allawi published in NY Times November 2007
- Interview of Allawi with German Der Spiegel - in English
- Opinion Editorial in Washington Post by Dr Allawi 18/08/2007
- Personal website of Dr. Ayad Allawi - A vision for all
- Website of the National Iraqi List for Dec 15 2005 elections
- Website of the Iraqi National Accord
- Text of Allawi's Speech to U.S. Congress, 23 Septemper 2004
- Dow Jones Newswire, 24 January 2004
- Profile in The Guardian
- Transcript of interview with Wolf Blitzer on CNN, November 25 2007
- Profile on al-Jazeera
- Profile in The Times
- Profile in the New Yorker
- Short biography on middleeastreference.org.uk
- Disinfopedia entry
- Iraqi cleric slams war coverage under Allawi (Monday 23 August 2004, Aljazeera)
- The strongman of Baghdad (13. November 2004, The Spectator)
- Ayad Allawi on BBC Doha Debates, November 3rd 2007, Doha, Qatar.
Coalition Provisional Authority/ Director of Office for Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistancefor the Coalition Provisional Authorityof IraqL. Paul Bremerand Saddam Husseinas both PM and President of Iraq State Prime Minister of Iraq- interim
2004-2005Succeeded by
Ibrahim al-Jaafari v • d • ePrime Ministers of IraqBritish Mandate of Mesopotamia(1920-1932) and
Kingdom of Iraq(1932-1958) al Gillani · as-Sa'dun† · al-Askari† · al-Hashimi† · as-Sa'dun† · al-Askari† · as-Sa'dun† · Tawfiq al-Suwaidi · as-Sa'dun · Naji al-Suwaidi · as-Said† · Shawkat · al-Gaylani · al-Midfai† · al-Aiyubi† · al-Midfai† · al-Hashimi† · Sulayman · al-Midfai† · as-Said† · al-Gaylani · al-Hashimi† · al-Gaylani · al-Midfai† · as-Said† · H. Pachachi · Tawfiq al-Suwaidi · Arshad al-Umari · as-Said† · Jabr · as-Sadr · Muzahim al-Pachachi · as-Said† · al-Aiyubi† · Tawfiq al-Suwaidi · as-Said† · Mustafa al-Umari · Mahmud† · al-Midfai† · al-Jamali · Arshad al-Umari · as-Said† · al-Aiyubi† · Mirjan · as-Said† · BabanRepublic of Iraq(1958-2003) Qasim† · al-Bakr† · Yahya† · ar-Razzaq† · al-Bazzaz · Talib · Arif† · Yahya† · an-Naif† · al-Bakr† · Hussein† · Hammadi · Zubeidi · as-Samarrai · Hussein† Iraqi Governing CouncilPresidents, under Coalition
Provisional AuthorityDirectors (2003-2004) (de facto) al-Ulloum · al-Jaafari · Chalabi · Allawi · Talabani · al-Hakim · A. Pachachi · Hamid · al-Ulloum · Barzani · Salim · al-Yawer · · Garner · BremerRepublic of Iraq(since 2004) Allawi* · al-Jaafari · al-Maliki* interim † military Categories: 1945 births | Living people | Iraqi politicians | Prime Ministers of Iraq | Iraqi activists | People of Lebanese descent | British people of Iraqi descent | British people of Lebanese descentHidden categories: All articles with dead external links | Articles with dead external links since March 2008 | All articles with unsourced statements | Articles with unsourced statements since AprRelated Pins
I love peacock feathers like you wouldn't believe! Just wouldn't get a huge tattoo of one
Peacock Tattoo by Al Avila @ Master Tattoo in San Diego, Ca
Like the idea of no black lines - not sure if it would work with my current tats though...
even know tatoos are strange and when u get wrinkles there its going to look bad its still pretty.
pretty tattooIt isn't horrible because I happen to like the song a lot. "Come to the Moon," is an obscure Gershwin tune and I thank Lloyd Schwartz for introducing it to me by recommending Broadway Show Stoppers (get it!). I'm not sure why the song is infiltrating my thoughts now (dreams of escape?) but in my experience, the only way to rid oneself of an earworm is to hear the song in its entirety. Unfortunately the "worm" activates itself when I'm away from my music collection. So I've done the obvious: searched the nooks and crannies of YouTube for a video, preferably of an award-winning college choir like this one giving it the full treatment. No such luck. Instead, I waded into the apparently very deep waters of the Japanese Vocaloid . The "singer" of Gershwin's tune is Megurine Luka (巡音ルカ, a twenty-six year old female who "sings" in both English and Japanese. What strikes me as bizarre here is that the vocaloids are opting to cover these old standards. Is this a good thing or a bad thing? You tell me.Dave Reynolds wrote: > Am I missing something or does the OWL Guide example ontology at: > > > > have duplicate entries for many of the Winery's in the final AllDifferent > collection? Marietta for example. > > Does that not make this an inconsistent document? > > Dave > This seems to be an error which is also in the editor's draft This makes it inconsistent in OWL DL. There is a further defect in the the OWL Full semantics, that leaves this as consistent in OWL Full. I expect both problems will be fixed. JeremyReceived on Friday, 4 July 2003 09:09:19 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 21:56:54 UTCEl Toro would like to welcome two new artists for 2014. Please help welcome Mosa and Brandon! Come by the studio and have a look at their portfolios.
El Toro Body Shop body piercing & tattoo studio located @ 2nd & Monterey Street in downtown Morgan Hill. We are upstairs above the Grinds Vines & Automobilia Cafe. Marty has been a tattooer since 1990 and Melissa has been piercing since 1998.
Voted best tattoo studio in Morgan Hill and Gilroy by Morgan Hill Times and Gilroy Dispatch 2005 – 2008.
Experienced, friendly, professional and clean.
Piercing is limited by appointment only. Please call studio to set up your appointment.
Wednesday – Sunday 2-10 pmagitator in a sentence
Example sentences for agitator
He is not allowed to be an artist, he must be an agitator.
And he can only be an agitator if he sings particular songs.
Since the agitator is elusive and clever, one never knows who he will turn out to be or where he will show his hand.
Even in his gradualist phase he remained an agitator, an egalitarian, and a socialist to the end.
Each of these inducements alone has been enough to turn many a lean and hungry agitator into a well-fed establishmentarian.
Cookers and dryers are horizontal, cylindrical vessels equipped with a center, rotating shaft and agitator paddles or discs.
Clothes last longer because the washer uses gentle tumble action instead of an agitator.
The purchase price of these machines is definitely higher than an agitator type machine with comparable features.
The tank in which the helper was working was used for mixing mud and was equipped with power driven agitator paddles.
Runs were made with the two-stage agitator configuration split liquid feed.
Every mixer shall be equipped with a full enclosure over the bowl which is closed at all times while the agitator is in motion.
The agitator switch is to be conveniently located in the milk house.
Explore Dictionary.comGeez, that's a lot of rules, so it must be important, right? Another reason, at least in my mind, is that kitchens are usually not up to the task of cranking out, say 8 entrees all at the same time, all cooked and served properly. It's just pure physics. And having worked "the line" at a fancy-ish restaurant, and not being able to even get two entrees to come out correctly and at the same time - well, that's why I'm writing this damn blog.
- The fee must be listed on the menu in 10-point type or larger.
- The fee can only apply to groups of 8 or more.
- The fee cannot exceed 15 percent.
- Charges for two persons splitting one meal, or a per-person minimum charge are allowed as long as the fee is conspicuously disclosed to the consumer before the food is ordered.
A third reason, as if I need one, is the whole dietary restriction thing. One person may be a vegetarian, one a vegan, someone else only eats pork, this one can't eat pork, that one can't eat shellfish - unless it's with pork...get the picture? FWIW, Significant Eater eats everything - well, everything except oatmeal, but that was a topic for another post, wasn't it?
BTW, if you think you're actually going to have a conversation with anyone, think again. Oh, maybe with the person sitting next to you, but just try to talk to someone across the table. In a NYC restaurant. Good luck with that. Secretly, I think that's why big families like to go out to eat together - that way, no one has to listen to anything anyone is saying.
So, what to do when the rules must absolutely be broken? After all, aren't rules meant to be broken, or is it records that are meant to be broken? Hmmm. In my mind, the places that are best prepared to feed large parties tend to be the ethnic or singular - cuisine type places. Asian food, especially Chinese, lends itself well to large party dining...as a matter of fact, it can even be more fun that way - think of all the things you get to try. Most Chinese restaurants have a few large round tables that seat a lot of people. That's how Chinese families roll...and the food doesn't require a lot of last minute prep. Sure, there's stir-fry, but that takes all of 2 or 3 minutes. There's deep fried, but that's also quick. Other things are braised, roasted, and generally prepped in advance - there's not a lot of last minute fancy-dancy plating going on to muck up the works. And there's usually something for everyone - I mean, one of our favorites, Congee Village, probably has hundreds of items on the menu.
Pizza, or restaurants where the main focus is pizza, are also good for breaking the rules. Especially pizzerias where the oven is cranking in at over 1000° F - takes less than 2 minutes to bake a pie in there. And you can have your sausage, pepperoni, mushrooms, whatever and make everyone happy.
A couple of other tips: a cocktail or two before dinner can help immensely - that's why the reservation is made for 7 PM - since I never drink before 6, I need the hour. Also, there's Xanax, but it must be legally prescribed, so it helps to have a good doc. Seating is quite important - never, I repeat, never place yourself in between kids who might be drinking 8 or 10 cokes over the course of the evening. Did I mention drugs, because after 8 or 10 cokes, you mights as well be doing meth.
Most of all, sit back, relax, enjoy - it is dinner after all, and as Lidia always says:
Tutti a Tavola A Mangiare!
(Everyone to the Table to Eat!)
(Everyone to the Table to Eat!)
See you at 7.
1. After a xanax and manhattan or two, who cares if you can hear the conversation? I also recommend a darvon with a fresca.
2. One should never dine in a restaurant with children. Period.
3. Try eating Greek or Turkish-the mezze's lend themselves to groups (same with Lebanese, etc.), and there are many vegetarian options. Stay away from Turkish Moussaka though-no bechamel dammit!
Turkish moussaka has no bechamel - who would have thought that?
What I wouldn't give for a large polo mallet.
Well obviously YOU didn't know either, zippy, so I wasn't the only clueless one. From now on it's Google on the cellphone for everything. Also, nice Woody reference.
Although it did give me an excuse to chat up the Turkish hostess. Tessekur Ederim.
My mother-in-law, may she RIP, always insisted on a round table, you could see other people, but you couldn't talk to them. Actually, that's kinda smart.
Another rule: don't go with people who won't split the whole bill. I only had soup and you had the double broiled pork chops with foie gras on the side!
Another Another Rule: Only go with people who enjoy food. We used to (note the past tense) go out with a woman who always insisted that she wasn't hungry. why did she come???
Not a Rule, a Question: Do you have to be polite and respect vegetarians?Every year Uncle Mike (of Strange Aeons Fame) runs a small painting competition for models from his range. Finding myself unexpectedly short of time, I painted up what I had on hand from Uncle Mike's:
Not very inspiring I know, but its nice terrain and I wanted Uncle Mike to have a range of entries for his competition. You can find the prize winners at the Lead Adventure Forum thread here:
Great work there! Clicked over to see who won and shocked to see my name in second place!
Congrats mate! The Captain Morgan's van was worth every penny!
Nice work sir they look really good.
Great stuff Paul, love the chains!
Ditto what Michael said! :-)Re: New version Silvia and pre-ground coffee
- From: Randy G. <frcn@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>
- Date: Sun, 03 Dec 2006 09:15:00 -0800
"pepper" <pepper@xxxxxxxx> wrote:
Read the first part of my post, Marshall.
I did'nt want this to end up as another "go buy a grinder" thread like
yours and the 3000 others you refer to.
Maybe my question should've been;
Is it possible to deliver decent crema with pre-ground coffee on the
Rancilio Silvia?
If someone thinks this is possible, please let me know how and with
which modifications.
Virtually by definition, preground coffee is stale.. unless you JUST
preground it seconds ago. Besides tasting bad, stale coffee produces
far less crema than fresh. It is one of the ways that you can see that
coffee is stale before drinking it and then spitting it out into the
sink, hopefully. For me, the taste of stale coffee makes the floor as
good of a target as the sink.
A crema-enhancing portafilter is one way to get "crema" out of Silvia,
but you notice that there is not one available. There is a good reason
for that. Most who purchase a Silvia are serious about espresso and
wouldn't dream of purposely using stale coffee in it and then
artificially enhancing it to make the espresso appear fresh. It's sort
of like: if you are really desperate, living in the wilds of the
Canadian Northlands for the last year or two, an inflatable female
pleasure device may suffice, but if the genuine article is available
the air pump stays in the closet.
Even if you live next door to a coffee shop that will pregrind a pound
at a time for you, and even if they somehow get the grind right for
today, the grind may not be right for tomorrow, and by the third day
it won't matter because the coffee was stale on day two from being
ground, exposed to the air, and allowed to sit around before use.
So no, it's not possible to get quality crema with preground coffee.
Good espresso comes from freshly-roasted coffee, ground for use right
then and there. Anything else makes the purchase of a Silvia a waste
of money. As we have stated here some 300 times by your count, the
grinder is more important than the machine, and the best machine
available will make low-quality espresso if fed low quality coffee
that is either ground in a cheap grinder or is stale.
Get a grinder... ahh. make that 3001.
Randy "another decayed get-a-grinder post" G.
.
- References:
- New version Silvia and pre-ground coffee
- From: pepper
- Re: New version Silvia and pre-ground coffee
- From: Marshall
- Re: New version Silvia and pre-ground coffee
- From: pepper
- Prev by Date: Re: Bezzera vs. Rancillio
- Next by Date: Re: Weak? Palate after dark roast.
- Previous by thread: Re: New version Silvia and pre-ground coffee
- Next by thread: Re: New version Silvia and pre-ground coffee
- Index(es):Jan Brett's website has a multitude of resources! It's hard to know where to start. I'll break down some of the highlights for you.
- Book in a Hedgehog Shape
- Bake Hedgehog Cookies
- Friendly Letter Stationery
- Gingerbread Baby Board Game
- Readers Theater: The Hat
The Coloring Pages tab is full of great pictures just waiting to be colored. You could put together your own coloring book for the summer!
On the Videos Page you can watch and listen to Jan Brett read some of her books and also watch her draw some of her characters!
The Interactive Tab has links to Email Postcards, Printable Cards and Envelopes, Computer Games, and Printable Games (and flashcards).
We love Jan Brett's work and all the fantastic resources on her site.
Please visit us at secondstorywindow.net
Note: Only a member of this blog may post a comment."It is my opinion that a locality lawfully may operate a capture and sterilization program for the purpose of controlling a population of feral cats. The feral cats may be captured in a humane fashion, and such captured cats may be sterilized by a licensed veterinarian. The feral cats, however, may not be released by the locality back to the location from whence they came or some other location in the wild." Kenneth Cuccinelli, II
Attorney General,
Commonwealth of Virginia
Available from our online store »
Ted Williams speaks the truth.
Patrick Duke and Eli Wilder, Willowfly Anglers, Almont,
Patrick Fitzgerald
Fly Rod & Reel 2008 ©>><<
Having learned a few tricks since college, I made a bechamel to help bind the macaroni balls together. It’s not exactly the kind of thing you’d make in a dorm room, nor does it make the mac and cheese any healthier, but it does wonders for the boxed cheese flavor. When fried, the balls have a crispy breadcrumb shell on the outside with soft luscious macaroni, and cheesy sauce that oozes out from the center. The generous dusting of cheese at the end brings it all together in a cheesy, crispy, creamy mouthful that’s hard to resist.″.
Pingback: Is everything better fried? | Yummly()
Pingback: Guest Post: 7+ Ways to Dress Up Boxed Macaroni and Cheese | RecipeLionBlog()
Pingback: Leftover Mac and Cheese | Wash Rinse Repeat. Parenting Multiples()
Pingback: Easy Macaroni and Cheese Recipe()
Pingback: HOLIDAY PINEAPPLE CREAM CHEESE BALLS()
Pingback: 17 Foods That Should Be Wiped Off The Planet | lol cop()
Pingback: 17 Foods That Should Be Wiped Off The Planet | Don'tpokethebear.com()
Pingback: FOODS THAT SHOULDN’T EXIST()Sergey Brin briefly pulled out a light blue prototype of Google Glass whilst on stage at Google I/O, and as it turns out, those are evidently the latest and greatest models that the company is willing to wear around. We ran into social exec Vic Gundotra after this morning’s keynote, only to find him donning precisely the same set that was teased on stage. We asked if the blue was just part of Google’s experimentation with coloring Glass, and he chuckled while confessing that he wasn’t authorized to speak further about the project or its ambitions. Still, the man looks good in blue. And something tells us you would, too.
Gallery: Google’s Vic Gundotra wearing blue Glass prototype at Google I/O 2012
Photos of Google’s Vic Gundotra wearing the latest, blue-hued Glass prototype originally appeared on Engadget on Wed, 27 Jun 2012 15:24:00 EDT. Please see our terms for use of feeds.
Permalink | | Email this | Comments
EngadgetWell...I've got one out the door, two more to go. Again, everyone, so sorry for the delay on these - I'm moving along much quicker now and am ashamed to say I have never sat on books for this long before and I promise to never hold them this long again. That being said, this is the final entry I made in Jennifer's book. For those of you who haven't seen it in awhile, the book flows beautifully!
Before sending her book back out Jennifer did a lovely tribute to Where the Wild Things Are that Stacey then did her own interpretation of...showing Max's boat off in the sea...I then tried to keep the sea moving by introducing a new character. Hope you like it :D
I think it is magical Kelley! Beautiful flow....love how the birds are carrying her away. I think I've had dreams like this.
No worries about keeping the books. I have found myself in a similar situation. The important thing is that they are still moving.....slowly, but moving.
Thanks, JennMore than 140 girls from 41 different middle schools spent their Saturday dissecting sheep hearts and studying live reptiles at the Second Annual “Girls in Science and Engineering Day.” The full-day event is the brainchild of UAB Physical Therapy student Alison Barnard and medical student Farah Khan.
The Vestavia Hills friends used to compete in math tournaments in high school. Barnard created the day for middle school girls, which is a crucial age for them to feel confident and excel in their math and science abilities. The girls had the opportunity to participate and engage in fields such as neuroscience, chemistry/forensic science, biology/reptiles, medicine, civil engineering and exercise physiology. A new workshop, forensic science, was a huge hit with the girls. The students learned how chemistry is used in crime scene investigations by dusting for fingerprints, test for traces of cocaine and identify blood on evidence.
Several faculty members across campus including PT’s Jennifer Christy participated in the day. Last year, more than 70 girls from 18 different middle schools took part in the free event. Sponsorships from Vulcan Materials, Alabama Power, BioHorizons, Wilson Capital Management, Inc., Pro-Image, LLC and Coca Cola paid for the food and t-shirts given to the students.(A) Appeals from the probate court are subject to the Rules of Appellate Procedure and, to the extent not in conflict with those rules, Chapter 2505. of the Revised Code. Unless there is good cause for delay, appeals shall be heard on an expedited basis.
(B) Subject to the disposition of an appeal, upon the expiration of six months after an adoption decree is issued, the decree cannot be questioned by any person, including the petitioner, in any manner or upon any ground, including fraud, misrepresentation, failure to give any required notice, or lack of jurisdiction of the parties or of the subject matter, unless, in the case of the adoption of a minor, the petitioner has not taken custody of the minor, or, in the case of the adoption of a minor by a stepparent, the adoption would not have been granted but for fraud perpetrated by the petitioner or the petitioner's spouse, or, in the case of the adoption of an adult, the adult had no knowledge of the decree within the six-month period.
Amended by 130th General Assembly File No. TBD, SB 250, §1, eff. 3/23/2015.
Effective Date: 09-18-1996CD/LP/Track Review
- Hour of the Pearl by Jack Bowers
- Hour of the Pearl
Self Produced
2006
If you are the rightful owner of this image and are not credited, contact us.
May 2012, NSU Jazz Lab - NSU Jazz Ensemble recording session for On Cue-the Music of Seamus Blake
Uploaded: 2012-12-02 Size: 3999 x 2666 pixels Views: 188Apple sure knows how to drum up publicity
The news conference isn't until 10 a.m. (that's 1 p.m. here in Baltimore), but it's pretty much anyone can talk about this morning.
So far, my favorite piece of Internet "news" has been The Onion's take on Steve Jobs' cramming for today's presentation.
On Twitter, we've got people talking about the Apple Tablet's mythical powers for both good and evil, questioning whether they can play games on it, read with it, make it function simply with the power of their minds ... and this is all before we even know if there will BE an Apple Tablet announcement.
Meanwhile, the rumors are going full blast on Twitter. Here's a live feed for your enjoyment:
And if that's not enough for you, check out Gus Sentementes' coverage of the Tablet over on BaltTech.
Happy Apple Tablet Day! Let's hope this announcement actually happens, and ensuing chaos doesn't break the Internet.
You're right about that! They really know how to build up anticipation. I'll be glad when the press conference is over - I'm tired of all the speculating.
Posted by: Kathy R (Bermudaonion) | January 27, 2010 12:25 PMBakeryBits Dough Calculator
The BakeryBits calculator is designed to make it easy for you to work out the ingredients that you need to make the quantity of dough that you want for your tins, baskets or batch size from your standard recipe. Enter your target dough weight below or if you prefer, enter your Bakers Percentages and then simply enter the quantities from your existing recipe and the calculator will generate the proportions required to make up your target dough weight.
Weight (g) | Calculate by Percentage?
Percentage (%) | Calculate by Weight?
If you have any comments or questions regarding the calculator, please let us know calculator@bakerybits.co.uk Secondary Education Math or Science Teaching - Revision history 2015-05-22T10:02:55Z Revision history for this page on the wiki MediaWiki 1.22.6 Admin: 1 revision 2014-05-21T13:57 Jenewalk at 04:44, 21 October 2008 2008-10-21T04:44:58Z <p></p> <p><b>New page</b></p><div>Volunteers in math teach basic concepts, including remedial math, geometry, algebra, statistics, probability, and calculus. They also work in after-school programs, youth clubs, and library development.<br /> <br /> Volunteers in science teach general science, biology, chemistry, and physics. They also integrate health and environmental education into the curriculum and engage in other school and community activities.<br /> <br /> ''If you can offer a more detailed description than this standard description the Peace Corps offers, please feel free to include that so others can get a better idea of what certain work areas consist of.''<br /> <br /> ==Education-Math==<br /> <br />. <br /> <br /> ==Education-Science==<br /> <br /> Applicants can qualify with a bachelor's degree in general science, biology, chemistry, engineering, physics, or any physical or biological science; or a degree in secondary education with a concentration in any science; or a degree in any discipline with certification in secondary science.<br /> <br /> ==Experience==<br /> <br /> Both kinds of applicants typically have at least three months of experience in tutoring or informal teaching with small groups. This can be classroom or one-on-one experience.<br /> <br /> Other relevant experience includes community service, especially with youth; youth development work, such as day care or camp counseling; health and environment education; and computer literacy and programming.<br /> <br /> ==External Links==<br /> [ Secondary Education Math or Science Teaching] Official US Peace Corps Website</div> Jenewalk! And speaking of hands… (getting a bit more literal about things) the engagement ring on my left hand is more sparkly and gorgeous than ever… because it’s a whole new ring!
That’s right friends- I had my engagement ring reset, and I don’t regret it one bit!
I know what you’re thinking- how could I look past the sentimentality of my engagement ring? I didn’t think I’d be able to do it either. Because yes, the engagement ring is a symbol of the love that your spouse has for you at the time that they propose, stating to you and the world that they want to spend the rest of their life with you. And yes, it’s something that you imagine you’ll have for forever and ever and pass down to your children or grandchildren. But when it came to my ring, I wasn’t super attached to it. It screamed “2007” to me. Not only that, but to make a long story short… my husband (then fiancé) and I went ring shopping just to look, I picked it out on a whim, and my husband felt rushed to purchase it- even though he didn’t actually propose until months after. Plus, it was my husband who had the idea in the first place to have my engagement ring reset into something that would be more suited for me! Needless to say, neither he nor I had too much sentimentality towards my engagement ring.
The beauty of the fact that I had my engagement ring reset is that it was fast and easy- because I used Gemvara’s new Stone Reset service! We had been talking about reseting my engagement ring for a while, and when I heard about Stone Reset by Gemvara, I was definitely intrigued. Stone Reset by Gemvara is a simple way to transform your jewelry or loose gemstones into a new design. The process is concise and easy, they stay in contact with you throughout the whole process, and the result is amazing!
All you have to do is request a shipping box. Your box will be sent to you within a few days, and you just enclose the jewelry that you want reset, seal it up, and use the shipping label included to send it back. You will get an email from a Gemvara representative when they receive the box with your jewelry, and then they will get to work! They measure and evaluate all of your gems, and then within a few days, they send you the potential options for resetting your jewelry. Then you ask any questions or give the go-ahead, and in about 2 weeks your new jewelry will arrive on your doorstep (with you signing for the package of course)!
As you might be able to tell, my former engagement ring had channel set diamonds with a princess cut diamond. I wanted there to be have less metal on my ring, so Gemvara took my same princess cut diamond and added it to a new setting (their Carrie setting that you can see here). The result was something that is more delicate, and way more “me”… I love it! (I feel like I’m newly engaged again, looking at my ring all the time!)
This process isn’t just for rings though- it’s also perfect for resetting old jewelry that isn’t quite your style anymore, if you have a piece of jewelry from a relative, or even a loose stone that needs a setting. It’s really SO simple, and such an incredible service. Stone Reset by Gemvara makes it easy to give new life to your old or loose gemstones!
Special Offer!
Visit Stone Reset by Gemvara and once you send in your old jewelry,
mention “Every Last Detail” to receive 15% off your new setting!
So friends, tell me- do you think I’m crazy? Do you think that you would ever want to reset your engagement ring like I did? Or do you have a piece of old jewelry that you don’t wear anymore that you would want reset?
This service review is sponsored by Gemvara. All opinions, thoughts, and experiences are the author’s own.Recycled Sculptures
Madeleine Wyda digs through the trash to find inspiration for her sculptures
Pencil shavings on a sphere
Madeleine Wyda sees beauty in things people routinely throw away. The 18-year-old artist creates sculptures using glass bottles, cans, and other items rescued from the garbage. A senior at Park School of Baltimore in Brooklandville, Maryland, Madeleine will attend Smith College in the fall. She plans to major in art and math, her two loves, and hopes to continue creating art that makes people think.
When did you first get serious about art?
I’ve been interested in art since I was little. I took my first art class in fourth grade and have studied it ever since.
What inspired these award-winning sculptures?
I saw some Japanese soda bottles at a restaurant and loved the look of them. I had the idea to put them together. I have been assembling sculptures using found objects ever since.
How do you decide the form of each sculpture?
With some, the materials dictate the form. With others, such as the pencil shavings (above left), I chose the sphere-shape. I’m fascinated by the idea of placing trash, which is imperfect, on a mathematically perfect round shape.
What is the biggest challenge of working with found objects?
Working with the Japanese bottles was difficult because collectively, they are heavy and big. I needed a rolling cart to move that finished piece around. Also, finding enough of an object can be tricky.
How do you create your sculptures?
First, I collect the objects. What I do next depends on the material. With the bottles, I washed them, then wrapped wire around the neck of one bottle. I latched it to another and kept binding the bottles until I got the shape right.
Do you have advice for aspiring artists like yourself?
If you have an idea that’s out of the ordinary, don’t hold back. No idea is too crazy as long as you feel you understand it and love it. Do what you’re inspired to do, and go for it!
This article originally appeared in the April 2012 issue of Art. For more from Art,San Francisco Magazine has a new piece profiling Max Wade, the kid accused of both stealing Guy Fieri's Lamborghini, and attempting to murder a girl he had a crush on and her boyfriend in Mill Valley. From the start, the story had some great, dramatic plot points, and writer Chris Roberts delves as deeply as he can into Max's character, despite the fact that almost no one who knows Max will talk to him. "If and when he gets out, I don't want to be on a list of people he wants to get even with or whatever," says a former friend. The kid appears to be a self-styled gangster with a French mother who adores him, but also a troubled kid who once had to testify against his father in a domestic abuse trial. And all his heroes growing up were either martial artists or drug kingpins. And to give you an idea of how some of his peers are celebrating him and his swagger, please see the music video and tribute song below, by Marin rappers Brilliant and Timbalias.
It's kind of amazing.
Mad Max [SF Mag]
Earlier: Accused Guy Fieri Lambo Thief Seeks Change of Venue for Trial
Preliminary Hearing Begins for Accused Fieri Lamborghini Thief
‘Unusually Athletic’ Thief Steals Guy Fieri’s LamborghiniNow?
Now?
classic!
Natallie, you scared me. With all the trade talk going about, when I saw Rips name, I thought he got traded :'(
LOL I guess it was misleading, didn’t mean to do that but Im sorry.
Gotta shake things up and at least try to make us laugh.
Laughter in a time it’s needed most.
Haha, no need to be sorry Natalie. Thanks for the laughter though.
Another lineup change: Dyess back to the starting 5. How many lineup changes the Pistons made this season?
Pure Comedy
Nothing Easy
Game Seven
Game Seven
Game Seveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen
Pure Comedy
Onin….how many more times??? well until he gets canned is my guess.
JUICE!
Let me just say that is the BEST VIDEO EVER!!!! I always loved ZAZA for his name but now it’s legendary
Curry has lost this team (at least the vets) similar to how Porter lost the entire Suns roster. How bad was that situation for Porter to get fired 4 months into a 3 year deal. Now they owe him like $6 million. Ouch. Joe should follow suit.
well he deserved it hes an idiot just like that bald headed prick we have coaching our bad ass team , i love this team n i hate seeing us play like that
And Rip was dogging Sheed’s dancing? Ha I just love the fact he went for it and actually did the dance.
I also find myself enjoying watching Zaza. The only thing better than that from Zaza is watching him get in KGs face for acting like a punk
Great seeing rip smile…not to much of that this season…
Hope it’s more smiles the rest of the way!lol
To Juice: Wow, Zaza was.. something. XD That was hilarious.
Rip’s Dance: Um… the dance was TERRIBLE! XDDD But you got to give it to Rip for laughing the whole time. A smile on the face of a Piston is something we need.
dumars needs to make a move im hearin bosh to chicago antawn might be goin to cleveland everybody is gonna get better were gonna be stuck in a fuckin hole and in 2010 we wont have anybody because derrick rose and bosh would be great together
I want to come to Detroit. I want a team that is struggling so I can bring them up and show everyone I am better than Kobe. C’mon Detroit come get me.
This is just disgusting to watch. They play like crap at home against bad teams, and then they wonder why the sellout streak ended. The Bucks have no business coming in and handing the Pistons their asses like this. The players look like they don’t even care anymore.
This rebuilding might be a lot tougher than I thought. I’ll keep cheering them on, but right now the future looks pretty grim.
Does anyone else think that Billups is smiling somewhere right now. It’s become very obvious that he meant everything to this team. Shouldn’t have let him go Joe. Bad move. Who cares about cap space. Sheed would have given them enough to get someone good in the next 2 years.
Hey guys Curry went zone and we almost won. Anyone else noticing everything he said at the beginning of the season, he’s doing the opposite now?
wow… owned by the bucks…
this sucks.
Yay! Mcdyess plays his ass off an gets a loss! Way to go Pistons!… Mcdyess shouldn’t be playing his heart out for this shit on team w/ a half brained coach. You should’ve stayed w/ Billups
I noticed the ZONE right away…so now it’s not about principle anymore the dude is just trying to save his job. Should have listened a long time ago Curry.
SORRY DYESS
FYI…still having trouble with the site today….I think it was David Stern
SHHHHHHH
So are all of the optimistic people finally going to admit that they Pistons are done this year? Way to go guys, you have the entire All Star break off and you lose to the Bucks at home. Now we all know what it’s like to be a Thunder or Wizards fan. This team can’t win a game to save their lives.
Honestly, how did it come to this? They really weren’t that bad after the trade, but lately they just plain SUCK.
haha that’s funny natalie I don’t care who you are right there.
But Sheed and Dyess both impressed me down the stretch. Now if the guards would do what they need to do, we could be getting somewhere
Great just what Detroit needs, another Rod Maraneli. A coach just trying to save his job. If that’s what he’s doing just fire his ass. At least an interim coach would develop our bench and young players.
dude im done w.dis
27-25 we r battling with phily for da 6th playoff spot!
thats jus sad
Listen up joe
either
a) FIRE CURRY!!!! or
b) MAKE A TRADE!!!
otherwise we arent even going to make the playoffs!!!!
I know you guys are mad, but how about we talk about what was good about this game.
Curry learning he is not playing and zone can help some of the other players.
Dyess showing us what we can possibly look forward to with him as a starter.
Theirs nothing good about the game as long as the half brained “coach” stays around. I wish the fans would start chanting “fire curry.” Just like how Lion fans did to their head coach (I believe it was 2 seasons ago).
wouldnt ai win a ring with this trade
The best thing is that we have San Antonio, Cleveland, Miami, NO, Orlando, Boston and Denver next. We probably could beat Miami but it depends on Wade.
Natalie, I’ll say it once and I’ll say it again:
David Stern had nothing to do with this… I still think it was the Cavs haters since no matter what they’re never happy!
Stern is happy… his wet dream of LeBron vs Kobe is in motion… I mean, he even got Tyson Chandler traded so that CP3 doesn’t have a sidekick anymore! I’m just waiting for the Commish to go Tonya Harding on Tim Duncan’s ACL and then abducting Robert Horry (so he can’t come out of retirement!) so that the Spurs don’t play spoilers to that NBA Finals!
Since we’re talking about trades… how about this (once again, spare me the WTFs…):
TRADE CHICKEN CURRY!!!!!! Now that’s a trade I’d get behind!!!! For whom? I have no idea! Just put one of them Fatheads of Chuck Daly! That’ll do a better job than Chicken Curry!!!!!!
please move dyess to the top of the faces on the leftt
the next 7 games, really would define their season.
NOTHING EASY
joe get zaza asap
he knows nothing is easy
him and dyess are a force to be reckoned with in the front court
were gonna lose the next 7 games and were gonna get blown out in all of them… chauncey is gunna come home smiling sayin look at me im winning now what the fuck are yall doin?? get off my jock detroit he even thinks this team is a joke even though his buddies are here
and yeah i think amare and the suns put away all the trade talks tonight 140 points wow… t
Seriously, what’s wrong with Avery Johnson? I think he’d be great with this group, especially Stuck. They actually need to be overcoached now. I just don’t understand it… Curry is simply obviously not a head coach. On any level.
I really don’t think this team will make the playoffs.
I don’t even know that it would be such a bad thing.
Sort of reminds me of our hapless tigers of last year.Mybe they should all stay home and let the kids play,couldn’t be worse.
Just feel sorry for antonio!
He deserves better!
Yes,he should of stayed with chauncy!
Anyone here listen to Jim Rome? “Boom, outa here”
At this point I hope they do miss the playoffs because it will only help our cause getting Curry fired and they’d get a better draft pick. This season has been a total disaster, and I predict it to continue being a total disaster.
curry is a faggot and dumars is a bitch!
Steve The Hated _ I have warned you enough and quite frankly I’m sick of being a baby sitter here.
GO Support the Wings you’re banned.
Hey,Hey,Hey!
Watch the B remarks!
We can be tough as nails….
Is that what your accusing joe of?
We shall see what transpires,take a breadth
and chill!lol
Natalie:
Thank you for blocking certain posts (or future posts). I read these with my son (12)and quite frankly–although not a prude–the language at times gets embarassing and absolutely not necessary for such a terrific site you have provided us with. Sometimes I use it to “vent” a little (but I am always clean). Even though we are a bit disappointed in our Pistons this year, let’s see what happens over the next 30 games–and more importantly, have a little trust that maybe a step back this season propels us forward over the next several seasons.
There is no leadership on the floor. No commeroderie. No heart. No team. When is someone on the pistons going to step up and bring the group together?
Natalie don’t play, she’s the Xena of the cyber world
People, where is the reality in this?
Economy wise, Detroit is ready to implode because of what’s going on in the auto industry. People are more worried about surviving than what’s happening in sports. Though it really disgusts me how these spoiled athletes behave like jerks. (See NY Yankees and A-Rod)
Maybe Joe is playing for the ping pong balls in June and just letting the team tank until Sheed and AI’s salaries come off the books.
Nice video of Rip though.Amy Z. Quinn developed an interest in planning and land use while covering rapidly-developing South Jersey suburbs for the Philadelphia Inquirer, and later wrote extensively about urban and beachfront redevelopment for the Asbury Park Press.
New Bakers Square shopping center energizes a community
Philadelphia More Beautiful Committee's Clean Block Contest, Day 3
November in the Flickr Pool: Wissahickon Waterfall and more
Look Up! 20th-Century evolution in East Falls
Preservation Row: Restoration planned for Mission-style Canoe HouseThe Indian Kentucky Baptist Church was constituted in the year 1814, and united with the Silver Creek Association in the year 1815, which held its session in that year with the lower Blue River Church, (at that time there were twelve members belonging to the church,) and continued to represent herself in that body until the year 1827, when sixteen churches withdrew to organize the Coffee Creek Association, she being one of that number, became a member of that body, and continued to be until the year 1832, when she, with eleven other churches of the Coffee Creek Association, organized the Madison Association, in which body she continues to represent herself. This church was constituted with eight members, brethren Nicholas Yount, John Minor, Jacob Short, Abraham Lewis and their wives, at the house of Bro. Yount, who lived on the Crooked Creek road, about three miles southwest of the town of Canaan, Jefferson Co., Ind. At this early day the church met and worshiped in private houses among the members until 1818, when she built a log house 22 by 28 feet, on Tody's Branch, the waters of which falls into the west fork of Indian Kentucky Creek, near to the Monroe Mills, owned by Mr. Isaac Stout, (formerly by Beverly Vawter.) This building was not finished while it remained here, and the church continued to hold her meeting for worship among the members, and in 1820 removed their building about one and a half miles north, and rebuilt upon a site donated by brother John McCoy. In this house the church worshiped for 24 years, and enjoyed the labors of Elds. Jessee Vawter, James Alexander, (James Glover, licentiate,) Jacob Ryker, Wm. Blankinship, Jesse Miles and Ascher Smith, under whose labors the church was edified and built up. In the year 1826, the West Fork Baptist Church, Ripley Co., Ind., was constituted, and eleven members of this church, (Indian Kentucky,) was granted letters to form that church. Also, in the year 1828, the Hebron Church, Jefferson Co. Ind., was constituted, and eleven members were dismissed by letter to form that organization. These churches are laboring to sustain the cause of Christ in their midst and to show forth the declarative glory of God among the children of men.
In the year 1844, the Indian Kentucky Church, removed one mile east and erected a stone building 40 by 50 feet, costing them about $1,200, and after occupying it 21 years, took it down on account of a defect in its foundation, and rebuilt on the same ground. This building is finished, and cost about $2,600. In these latter years the church had the labors of Elds. Ascher Ward, Joshua Griffith, Robert Stevenson, and James Stevenson, who is their present minister.
The full statistics of the church cannot be given, on account of some of the early records being lost. The first minutes that appear, are Saturday, January 2d, 1818, some four years after her organization. From this date her books show that 264 persons have united with her by experience and baptism; 131 by letter, and 41 by relation, making in all 436 -- a small number for the length of time this church has been in existence. It would be well for the churches that compose this body, and indeed all other churches, to enquire for what purpose are churches organized; that catching the spirit of their profession more than ever, and with the help of' God, go forward in the great work of the conversion of the children of men, to the praise of the riches of God's grace. ==============
[From Madison Baptist Association Minutes, 1870, pp. 7-8. jrd ]
Return to Indiana Baptist Church Histories Index
Return to American Baptist Histories
Return to HOME PageSearch Results: ''
Sexual Madness: In a Sexually Confused World
eBook (ePub): $3.87
Download immediately.
This book discusses the sensitive subject of political correctness in our world today and the growing fear of causing offence in the public arena. It also discusses the rise of homosexuality,... More > pedophilia and all other forms of sexuality, as there are many. Including modern statistics on pornography. Jointly written by Drs Alan and Jenny Pateman, this book takes a look into the world of sex, as presented to us daily via the Internet, TV, Media, Schools and every other source of learning, education, entertainment and information. (Have we been saturated and conditioned or are we just seeing a change in the norm?) The human condition has always involved the worship of pleasure and extreme self-indulgence, but how is this really affecting our society.Reimbursement for Out-of-Pocket Expenses of Less than $100BACKGROUND / PURPOSE
Since 1994, the university has employed a voucher system for a variety of small dollar
purchases. Typically, the Voucher/Disbursement Request Form was used for subscription
renewals, personal service agreement payments (i.e., after a PSA has been properly
authorized), etc. However, over the last few years the use of this form has increased
in scope, encompassing items for employee reimbursement. In the day-to-day activities
of university business, there may be times when university staff has to expend personal
funds to purchase items necessary for state business.
In these instances, the following procedures apply:
PROCEDURE
University employees may make purchases for allowable goods and services for official university use up to a limit of $100 and be reimbursed for such purchases. Departments may not sub-divide orders to fall under the $100 purchase limitation.
In order for the employee to be reimbursed for these purchases, the "Employee Voucher - Travel and Other - For Expense Incurred in the Service of the State of Connecticut " (CO-17XP), must be completed (attach original receipts) and submitted to the Accounts Payable Department within 30 calendar days of purchase. Reimbursement requests will no longer be accepted on a Voucher Request/Disbursement Form. The Voucher Request/Disbursement Form will only be utilized for the method intended (i.e., subscription renewals, PSA payments, non-employee reimbursements, etc.)
Below you will find a list of items that cannot be purchased through this process. Some of these items may be purchased through the regular purchasing process, while others are not appropriate charges to the university in any instance.
This procedure does not in any way replace the established purchasing procedure.
The university through state statutes is exempt from the payment of Connecticut state sales tax; therefore, the university will not reimburse employees for the Connecticut state sales tax. Sales tax exemption does not apply to meals; therefore, the employee will be reimbursed for sales tax related to meals.
This procedure cannot be used for the following ITEMS:
Air conditioners / space heaters
Alcoholic beverages
Audio/Visual or photographic equipment
Advertising
Art work (pictures, posters, statues, etc.)
Birthday cakes or office celebrations/parties
Business cards
Clothing (excluding protective wear)
Donations of any kind
Dry cleaning services
Employee entertainment
Flowers or gifts for Southern employees or their relatives
Fines and penalties
Furniture (tables, chairs, desks, lamps, etc.)
Insurance
Kitchen appliances (coffee pots, microwave ovens, toasters, etc.)
Laundry services
Lodging
Meals (departmental meals comprised entirely of university employees)**
Outdoor signage (except by Facilities Operations) / paint
Personal furnishings (briefcases, pen sets, etc.)
Plants and shrubs (except by Facilities Operations) professional or personal Services of any type
Purchase from a university employee or their immediate family*
Refreshments (coffee, tea, water, etc)**
Sporting goods (except by the Division of Athletics)
Stationery
Telecommunications equipment
*Conflict of interest
**Please see refreshment policyIn this set you’ll find all that you need for you website or aplication’s user interface. There are buttons, indicators, progress bar, playback and other elements for your design
Now students and schoolchildren will not have problems with writing research papers. Because in the service of writing research papers for sale, you can choose any job you need. So you will score well. Just cook a little money, and the trick is done.
Baltimore Ravens linebacker Terrell Suggs, who has a torn biceps, is out Sunday against the Washington Redskins.
Suggs had been listed as questionable. Ravens coach John Harbaugh said Suggs "held up real well" in practice this week but he didn't give any hints on whether the reigning NFL Defensive Player of the Year would suit up.
The Ravens also will be without inside linebacker Ray Lewis, who has been sidelined with a triceps tear. Sunday will mark the first time in nine years that the Ravens wouldn't have Suggs or Lewis on the field. It would also leave the Ravens thin at linebacker and vulnerable against the NFL's top rushing attack.
Meanwhile, Dannell Ellerbe, who has started in place of Lewis, also is out with an ankle injury.
Baltimore will try to limit scrambling quarterback Robert Griffin III and surprising rookie running back Alfred Morris with a different look at linebacker. Rookie second-round pick Courtney Upshaw will move back into the starting lineup in place of Suggs. Reserve linebackers Albert McClellan and Brendon Ayanbadejo combined to fill in at inside linebacker, where Lewis and Ellerbe had started.
The Ravens have the 23rd-ranked run defense in the NFL.
Information from ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter and ESPN.com AFC North blogger Jamison Hensley was used in this report..
[…] Zip Front Waders – Redington Sonic Pro or Guideline Alta V2 Problem Solved __________________ […]
Great stuff, do they make them small enough for you to review in the field? I love how the “knob pocket” is in a flesh colour. Quality.
Looks a bit small doesn’t it :O Maybe we will stick a Fishtec logo on it (roles eyes)
Good grief, this is a serious issue and you guys are making size jokes.
Maybe it is all about the size of the logo – the big ones will have “fishtec Tackle” down the side and the wee ones just “Hardy”!
Campbell, I am sure you will be able to buy a “Loop”!
Mine may say loop but its the font size that counts….
You out this weekend?
Possibly Monday if the boss says yes. Clydebank Fire Station open day tommorow if you guys are up for it? Sunday I have the boys all day and am going to a party.
A*
Enter your email address:
Delivered by FeedBurnerOh, the 1960s!
Back then I was one of those middle-class married women who never dreamed of a career. Then came Betty Friedan and The Feminine Mystique. And so in my early 40s, I enrolled in the University of Pittsburgh’s School of Social Work master’s degree program.
On the very first day of class my professor wrote on the blackboard, “Social workers believe in ambivalence.” I was home. I had always been uncomfortable with unalterable truths — generalized philosophies and rules and theories that were supposed to apply across time, place and circumstances.
Now that, 50 years later, there is so much attention being paid to aging (and it’s me the experts are referring to in their speculations), I’ve become weary of all the guarantees being offered for a healthy, long — and I do mean long — happy life..”
Amada Abarca (1916 - 2011)
Biography & Family History Add details
Amada Abarca (1916 - 2011) was born on August 27, 1916. She was born into the Abarca family.
She died on January 8, 2011 at 94 years of age.
Amada Abarca's last known residence is at Rochester, Monroe County, New York.
We were able to locate a death record for Amada Abarca in the United States Social Security Master Death Index (SSDI). What is the SSDI?
This look at Amada Abarca's life is maintained by the AncientFaces community Contribute any information you have to reach the people who knew them. Some things we would like to know about Amada's genealogy:
- Where was Amada born?
- Where did Amada die?
- Who was Amadas family?
- What did Amada look like? Add some photos of their life.
Family Tree & Genealogy
Amada's family tree can be updated by any AncientFaces member. Just click the "Add" or "Edit" links to make changes.
You can add or remove people from this genealogy by clicking here.
History of Amada Abarca Add details
- Given name
- Amada
- Surnames
- Abarca family history
- Last Known Residence
- Rochester, Monroe County, New York
- Born
-
- Death
-
- Gender
- Female
- Sources
- Information on this page comes from the following source: U.S. Social Security Death Index
Obituary Add details
There is no info about Amada's obituary records. You can add obituary information about Amada Abarca by clicking "Add Details".
Discuss Amada
Post your memories of Amada Abarca and share them with the rest of the AncientFaces community, by entering your message in the box below. Anyone searching for Amada will be notified about your post.
All posts you make will be shown in the comments below for other people to comment on. If you have a story about Amada you would like to share, consider sharing a story.
Maintain this biography
Compared to other Abarcas
The average lifespan in our database of 517 Abarcas is 61.5 years old. Amada Abarca lived 32.5 years longer than this.See more Abarca statsLulu Seafood Restaurant
+1 314 997 3108
Neighborhood: West County
Cuisine: Chinese
Overview
An award-winning Chinese seafood restaurant, Lulu Seafood and Dim Sum is known for the freshness of the seafood they offer. Patrons can even choose their own seafood, fresh from the tank to be prepared upon request. The Chinese chefs who hail directly from cities like Beijing and Shanghai bring original recipes and expertise to each order. If you're having a hard time deciding what to order from the exquisite menu, dim sum is the perfect choice. This spread, which includes multiple medium portions of various menu items, complete with Chinese tea, is meant for sharing, but you might not be able to resist keeping it all for yourself. -Cathryn D. Blue
- Open Hours: Monday to Thursday from 11:00 AM to 09:30 PM, Friday from 11:00 AM to 10:00 PM, Saturday from 10:30 AM to 10:00 PM, Sunday from 10:30 AM to 09:30 PM
- Credit Cards Accepted: visa, mastercard, amex
Best in St. Louis Travel
St. Louis Travel Guide
NEARBY HOTELS
Seven Gables Inn
1.7 mi
The Ritz-Carlton, St Louis
2.0 mi
See All St Louis Hotels »
NEARBY THINGS TO DO
Barucci Gallery
1.5 mi
Tomsich Fine Art & Framing
1.7 mi
Clayton Gallery
1.7 mi
Gateway Gallery
1.7 mi
See All St Louis Things To Do »
NEARBY RESTAURANTS
Vietnam Star
0.2 mi
Royal Chinese BBQ
0.2 mi
House of India
0.9 mi
Flaco's Cocina
1.0 mi
See All St Louis Restaurants »
NEARBY NIGHTLIFE
John P. Field’s
1.4 mi
Northwest Coffee Roasting
1.4 mi
Molly Darcy’s
1.6 mi
Barrister's in Clayton
1.6 mi
City Coffee House & Creperie
1.6 mi
See All St Louis Nightlife »
Write a ReviewSign inFood Truck Links
1. DETROIT -- "It’s only fitting that a region called “The Motor City” is getting into the mobile food game big time. The new Taco Mama Detroit is now in operation (see photo above)."1. DETROIT -- "It’s only fitting that a region called “The Motor City” is getting into the mobile food game big time. The new Taco Mama Detroit is now in operation (see photo above)."
2. CANADA -- "Exotic food trucks, which have long been popular staples in such U.S. cities as Los Angeles, New York City and Portland, are slowly making their way to Canada. However, some operators in two of the country's biggest markets say municipal regulations often leave them spinning their wheels.
Montreal has banned street food for more than the last half-century. Toronto has had a moratorium on new food truck vending permits for almost a decade, although it is now reviewing its street vending bylaws. Vancouver, on the other hand, revamped its rules and now is in the midst of a street eats boom."
3. The Washington Post yesterday featured Bert Gall, the head of the Institute for Justice's food truck program, and described his job as "suing the living daylights out of cities that dare to limit the free enterprise of street vendors."
MP: Canada obviously needs a brach office of the Institute for Justice, or an equivalent organization to fight for economic justice!
HT: Mike W.
21 Comments:
WHAT is this fixation about food trucks????? Is it an uncontrollabe urge to eat standing up?????What's the big deal???
"Canada obviously needs a branch office of the Institute for Justice, or an equivalent organization to fight for economic justice!"????....oh please...
just wait till a hundred people in Detroit get sick (or worse) from food poisoning...before one rants against a regulation, one should have a little look back at to maybe WHY it was introduced in the first place....
those food trucks will look good in January when it's -30F and blowing at 30mph!!!! I bet the line ups will be short....and the "choices" available for people to actually get inside to eat will be limited....after all the little diners closed up shop after loosing business to these food trucks over the summer....
"tempest in a teapot" comes to mind...and "careful what you wish for"....
"just wait till a hundred people in Detroit get sick (or worse) from food poisoning...before one rants against a regulation, one should have a little look back at to maybe WHY it was introduced in the first place...."...
Well if people get sick from eating at food trucks (which could be hard to prove) then people won't spend their money anymore...
The regulation? Well it couldn't possibly be that some 'public parasite' was looking for a way that he or she was looking for a rationale to continue to leech off the taxpayers could it?
truth-
i'd be careful accusing others of ranting if i were you. that's an awful lot of exclamation points.
food trucks have been around forever. we ate from them all the time in college. they were open late. no one got food poisoning that i recall.
trucks are inspected the same way restaurants are by the same inspectors. your rant there misses the point and demonstrates poor reading comprehension. it's truck vending permits that are controlled. there is ZERO about passing health inspections.
the best burrito in san francisco comes from a truck. so does the best grilled cheese.
lots of cites have great sidewalk food. the sausage carts on key west are amazing. somehow, the restaurants survive.
if you don't like them, don't eat there.
why try to foist your preferences onto others?
then you have this populist rant about little diners going under. puh-leez. this is the same argument made about the first supermarkets, the big discounters like costco, walmart, and every other example of competition that favors consumers.
if people want diners, there will always be diners.
what we wish for is more choice at lower prices. street vending accomplishes that.
BS...juanny...surely you can't be saying that goverment jobs happen merely because somebody wants to "create" a job...
When the citizens of Dodge hired Marshall Dillon it was to "create" a job??? Of course not, it was because there was a need for that service.
"Well if people get sick from eating at food trucks then people won't spend their money anymore..." well yeah, especially if they're dead!!!
Brick and mortar restaurants get regular inspections to protect the public's health. Inspecting food trucks is still possible but will be harder...LOL, they'll probably have to hire more inspectors!!!!!
Maybe you got born two hundred years too late, maybe you would have been happier in the "wild west". Unfortunately you share this place with a whole bunch more people....and most of them would rather not pack their own bacteria testing equipment when they go to a restaurant... or fill the potholes in the street in front of their house themselves...or have to pack their own gun with them all the time for protection.....Ooooopps, I forgot I was talking to an American....never mind;)
Ok, Morgan...no ranting...promise;)???
For the record I'm no champion of regulation and public sector emplyoees....FAR from it...but let's be sure we're not "throwing out the baby with the bathwater"
Also, would be fun to de-license lawyers coast to coast.
Why these while-collar clerks make so much money is beyond me....well it is not. Entry to the law industry is regulated, and the regulated can drum up business the way glaziers can. By throwing bricks around.
"juanny...surely you can't be saying that goverment jobs happen merely because somebody wants to "create" a job..."...
Oh about 90% of the government workers are as worthless as tits on a boar hog I would guess...
"When the citizens of Dodge hired Marshall Dillon it was to "create" a job??? "...
Come back T&C, come back to the real world and not television fantasy land...
""Well if people get sick from eating at food trucks then people won't spend their money anymore..." well yeah, especially if they're dead!!!"...
Well now you're starting to understand the situation...
I knew that sooner or later you would...
"Brick and mortar restaurants get regular inspections to protect the public's health"...
So are you saying you have more faith in some loser-leech on the tax rolls making the judgement for you than you yourself making the call on where to eat?
"Unfortunately you share this place with a whole bunch more people....and most of them would rather not pack their own bacteria testing equipment when they go to a restaurant"...
You mean the majority of the people you're refering to are either to lazy, to stupid, or to incompetent to make a judgement on where to go to feed themselves?
Hmmm, sounds like a large pool of potential government employees to me...
You do realize T&C that there are private firms that can do almost everything we seem to leave to government employess, they can probably do it more efficiently and cheaply than the government can...
.
"I say you do not find female boar hogs attractive"...
In pseudo benny's world hogs are apparently 'trans-gendered' but then again he's squatting out there in California...
A dose of Merriam-Webster for the pseudo benny: boar
???"
no. i compete, i don't complain.
you have a nice little software company. i start one and compete with you. what, you going to lobby to put me out of business? you were there first?
you are championing anti consumer monopoly behavior.
so what if i used Indian programmers and my costs were lower? you want to forbid me from doing business because my costs are low?
the best burrito in SF come from a truck. one of them parks right in front of a restaurant in harrison and 22nd. has for years. both are still in biz.
the same was true in providence. the white truck parked in front of my fraternity and sold 2 for $1 hot dogs. it had no effect on ruby's diner across the st. both thrived.
better still, customers (me) benefited most of all.
you seem to be taking this top down approach that there should be X participants in a market.
who are you to say that?
who decides how many and which?
it's anti consumer.
you are advocating fascist style monopolies.
downtown san francisco is getting lots of food trucks.
people love them.
i am unaware of any restaurant that has been driven under. they are not complaining. hell, several have used their brands to start trucks.
there is no baby getting thrown out, nor even any bathwater that i can see.
by your logic, we ought to ban amazon to protect your local bookseller.
it sounds eerily like you want to have government restrict competition and pick winners and losers.
customers are supposed to pick winners.
It's all about TIME. That's why people are eating up the idea (excuse the awful pun). When do people use them? During the lunch hour, when time is limited. People aren't making Food Trucks their Saturday night date destinations. American's value their time.
here's another way to look at it:
you assume the diner is a good guy.
but perhaps he's not.
let's say you work in a neighborhood where that diner is really the only lunch choice. the food is bad. the prices are high, the place is filthy.
then, a shiny new truck shows up. it has great food. it's fast, it's clean, it's cheap.
you and the other workers in the area are thrilled and hope to attract a second truck to get even more variety.
then, the diner owner says "hey, you consumers should not be able to have cheap variety, it's putting me out of business! these trucks need to be banned! i demand the right to gouge you on price for poor food and service!"
how do you feel about him then?
these things can seem very different depending upon how you look at it.
Ersatz Juandos:
I stand corrected. I did not know the difference between a hog and a boar!
However, does that mean you like tits on a hog?
Morgan we're not as far apart as you'd think...your software company makes perfect sense and I have no problem with it....just two companies competing on an even playing field....let the best man win...
the "fly in the ointment" with the foodtrucks is two fold...1) because of the heath issue providers of food must be licensed/inspected. Like it or not now you got the gov. involved....2) that guy with his diner contributes through his property taxes to maintain the street the "mobile diner" foodtruck uses...presumably for free
to make the playing field level you'd have to charge the food truck rent for the patch of pavement he parks on....just saying...Oh, and I can just imagine the howling when that would be proposed...
I think public vending should be legal, period.
In Thailand they have push-cart vendors with excellent food.
Perhaps push-cart vendors should buy a modest-price license, that would, in effect, charge rent for the public space they use.
However, local governments across America positively repress free enterprise. They are in the grips of organized business or labor cartels, such as lawyers, retailers, real estate developers, liquor distributors, longshoremen, medical outlets,etc.
Local governments like free enterprise the way Texas cowboys like to wear beanie caps.
Why
Oh! Oh! Liberal logic strikes again: "to make the playing field level you'd have to charge the food truck rent for the patch of pavement he parks on....just saying"...
Leave it to liberals to decide what's fair....
What about the fuel tax the truck has to pay? What about the vendors's license most cities have in their quiver of extortion tricks that the truck owner or operator has to pay for?
I'm sure that there are other fees that are slapped on mobile vendors......
Juandos:
You are such a sissy. First you say you wont eat carp, it is too tough. Now you say you won't eat boar meat.
And now say you don't like tits on a hog. What next: You won't kiss an Irish girl?
truth-
first off, i think your health issue is a red herring.
trucks are inspected in the same way that diners are. there is no health code gap.
we can argue over whether such inspections are needed (and i'm not sure they are. i'd prefer a voluntary program where they provide accreditation, but not mandatory regulation akin to a good housekeeping seal of approval) but the two are treated identically.
i think the tax issue is another red herring. property taxes do not go to roads in any great amount. gasoline and vehicle registration taxes do.
both pay sales taxes.
the truck will need a vending license (though i don't feel they or anyone should)
and what if the owner if the truck lives in the community and pays such taxes on his home? hasn't he already paid for the use of the road?
what is it that he is using that any visitor from out of town could not?
what is the great cost they create? they sit still, they are not wearing out roads.
there seems to be some questionable assumptions in the "they don't pay" line of thinking. they don't get city water, power, sewer, trash pick up, access to schools, libraries, etc that a physical resident gets.
what are they getting that any visitor from out of town does not?
the notion that every user must pay precisely for what they use is impossible.
if you go on vacation to park city, you use my roads and police etc, but you don't pay.
the same is true if i visit your hometown. that sort of reciprocity is inevitable. why single out food trucks?
just because they are a business?
what if i come to your hometown on business and sell life insurance or auto parts? how am i any different? the local insurance broker may not like my arrival and be upset that he has the costs of a local office whereas i work out of my car and have meetings in a park, but so what? his lumps.
why is food such a special case in your mind?
also:
you could make the case that food trucks create MORE restaurants.
the barrier to entry is lower and it allows capital accumulation. opening a restaurant is expensive.
a truck lets you break into the business.
from the SF chronicle today:
."
pseudo benny lives to put his foot into his mouth: "First you say you wont eat carp, it is too tough. Now you say you won't eat boar meat"...
No I never said carp was tough, carp being the boney fish that is makes eating it hard... I don't relish wasting time eating a bottom feeder when there's so many other and better fish to eat...
I guess you know fish like you know hogs, pseudo benny?
If you think boars are edible why don't you go out and buy one, dress it out and try out a piece then come back...
"What next: You won't kiss an Irish girl?"...
Not if she's been living in California....
Links to this post:
Create a Link[Please distribute widely - apologies for cross-posts. -mz]: · Deepening understanding of technology in relation to social, moral, political and cultural values. · Creating new opportunities for collaborations among researchers and scholars (current and future). · Revealing relevant cross-cutting literatures, approaches, and methodologies. · at scu.edu Applications close: 15 January, 2008 Awards will be announced: 29 February, 2008 This workshop is made possible by NSF Science of Design Grant: CNS 0613893 ----- Michael Zimmer, PhD Microsoft Fellow, Information Society Project Yale Law School e: michael.zimmer at yale.edu w:After slicing my hand once, burning myself twice, we had dinner! Yay! This is the main side we had tonight. Super easy, super yummy, potatoes are fun!
- 4 potatoes, peeled, sliced
- a dousing of olive oil
- Garlic Salt
- 1/2 cup Diced onion
Toss potatoes, olive oil, garlic salt, and onion. Spread into a large cookie sheet. Bake at 350 for about 40 minutes, or until for tender.
You have me CRAAVVINGG fries now. These look amazing.
Reblogged this on I Am Layla James: and commented:
Oh my………. ~Layla
Sounds just like me and the jalapeno cutting incident when I was canning salsa. Cooking can be dangerous. :)
Mmmm garlic salt on oven fries is the best! Love your photos!
Mmmmmm, se ve delicioso! =)
Lawrys Seasoning salt is amazing on fried. I made some just like this last weekend. Actually didn’t take photos, which amazed everyone in my house. But the next time I will and blog about it. There I’ll show them!WHEELING - Ohio County commissioners this morning began the canvass of the May 13 primary election results as just four votes separate two candidates seeking to be the Republican nominee to a 3rd District House of Delegates seat.
Commissioners determined the fate of 74 provisional ballots cast in the election, overruling 43 of the ballots and permitting them to be added to vote totals. Four absentee ballots also have been received in the county since the election, and commission office employees were waiting to see if any additional ballots arrived with today's mail.
Ballot commissioners Greg Smith, a Republican, and Frank Ellis, a Democrat, late this morning began the process of entering the votes from the provisional and absentee ballots into the ballot counting system. Final election tallies are expected to be complete this afternoon.
Photo by Joselyn KingRepublican ballot commissioner Greg Smith, left, and Democrat ballot commissioner Frank Ellis await results of today’s canvass of votes in Ohio County.
Among those present for today's canvass were Dolph Santorine and Martin Sheehan, who are locked in a tight race for the GOP nomination to the 3rd District House seat.
Two seats are up for election, and Delegate Erikka Storch, R-Ohio, received the most votes in the race at 2,113. Election night results showed Santorine winning the second seat with 809 votes, and Sheehan close behind at 805. Chris Elswick received 463 votes.
Ohio County GOP chairwoman Patricia Levenson was in attendance, and State GOP Chairman Conrad Lucas is expected to be in Wheeling this afternoon to meet with the winner.
The race among Democrats for the 3rd District seats was separated by 78 votes on election night. Holli Smith received 1,771 votes; and Shawn Fluharty, 1,489, to win the Democratic nomination. Dave Palmer captured 1,411 votes.
1500 Main St. , Wheeling, WV 26003 | 304-233-0100
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyMozilla is beginning a broader second phase of an experiment to show ads to Firefox users, a move that ultimately could help reduce the organization's reliance on revenue from Google.
The first phase of its program, called directory tiles, gave Mozilla the option to show ads or promoted content in a grid of thumbnail images that appear when a user opens a new browser tab, but it's offered only to new Firefox users. Enhanced tiles, though, are for existing Firefox users. The new feature gives publishers an opportunity to replace a thumbnail users already would see with one that's potentially more engaging, said Darren Herman, Mozilla's vice president of content services.
The program could give Mozilla more breathing room. Its share of desktop browser usage is slipping, and its presence in mobile browsing is miniscule, so Mozilla needs new levers to push its agenda. The sponsored tiles could mean more money for Mozilla and a new way to influence how advertisers use the personal data of those who see and click on ads.
The directory tiles are links Mozilla picks on its own, but the enhanced tiles modify links that the user already would see. Instead of seeing an automatically generated thumbnail image that might represent the site poorly -- a login screen, for example -- an enhanced tile would show imagery that looks and works better.
"We're looking at logos, images, or anything related to that site," Herman said.
Showing ads and promoting sites is a significant departure for Mozilla. Today, the nonprofit organization gets the vast majority of its money from Google when Firefox users send the search engine traffic that results in revenue from search ads. The ads would mean a new, potentially much broader source of revenue, though.
Money for Mozilla
"We do see it as an opportunity for us to recognize the value we're bringing to all constituents in the market," Herman said -- in other words, to get paid for Firefox's influence over what people see. "Directory tiles and enhanced tiles are an opportunity to work with marketers and content owners to help them distribute their content."
More revenue doesn't hurt, but Mozilla has bigger ambitions: it hopes the tiles program will revive its influence in the advertising world. The company has had fraught relations with advertisers in the last two years due to its push for a Do Not Track standard that lets people inform Web publishers and advertisers when they don't want their online behavior tracked. Mozilla hopes its tiles program ultimately will "make the Internet healthier," Herman said.
"We're showing the world you can get into the advertising ecosystem, building trust, transparency, and user control into those experiences," he said. "Forty-three billion dollars are spent in online ads every year. The opportunity for us is to clean the Web up, to make it healthier...We have to participate. We can't just sit on the sidelines telling people what to do."
Enhanced tiles arriving soon
The new feature should arrive "in the next couple weeks" for users of Mozilla's pre-release beta and Aurora versions, said Johnath Nightingale, Mozilla's vice president of Firefox.
Enhanced tiles aren't a vehicle for publishers to place ads of their own, Herman added.
"We don't necessarily see the new-tab page as being a window shop. We see it as a content distribution platform...We're working through creative specs to say what publishers can and can't do."
To help steer things what it sees as the right direction, Mozilla will offer a discounted rate to those whose advertising agenda matches Mozilla's.
"Partners who are good actors -- respecting Do Not Track and other areas of the Web we believe fits our mission around innovation, opportunity, and trust -- will get a discount," Herman said. "Not only is this a media content opportunity, it's an opportunity for Mozilla to push our mission forward and reward our partners that are like-minded."
Early directory tiles results
The directory tiles experiment, which is now still limited to people using Mozilla's pre-release versions of Firefox, has shown promise in its early days, according to Nightingale. He said that users are clicking the tiles and sometimes pinning them so they remain a fixture in the browser interface.
Examples of what tiles Mozilla shows include mainstream consumer sites like Facebook and YouTube; non-profit organizations such as Wikipedia; and Mozilla's own sites like Webmaker.
"People are interacting with this much more than with blank white tiles. Some [tiles] have a 5- to 6-percent click-through rate," meaning that five or six out of every hundred users click the directory tiles, Nightingale said. But other sites are only a fraction of a percent, he said.
And Mozilla will keep measuring to make sure the program is a good idea for all Firefox users.
"We're going to do this or not [based on] whether it's valuable to users," Nightingale said.Focus FF2424WRSS DescriptionSKU: 268-FF2424WRSS
Keep your food products organized and easily accessible by storing them on this durable storage shelf from Focus. Featuring a stainless steel construction, this shelf's open wire design minimizes dust accumulation and allows air circulation, while providing easy visibility of stored items. At 24" w x 24" L, this durable shelf has plenty of space for up to 400 lbs of uniformly distributed weight. Shelf ribs from front to back allow you to slide items on and off shelves smoothly. The easy-to-assemble design of this food storage shelf will have you putting it together in minutes without the use of any tools.
Standard Features:
- Stainless steel wire construction
- 24" W x 24" L
- Fast assembly w/no tools required
- Adjustable feet
- Supports up to 400 lbs
- NSF
Shelf, Wire, 24"D X 24"W, stainless steelLike other parts of the house, the dining room is also designed in various manners from modern design to traditional ones. The dining area is not that spacious but adding some decorations in it can create a different ambiance while eating in your own home. This can even make guests feel a lot more comfortable. That is why, the dining room also deserves attention when we talk about decorating.
Modern design with colorful accents were used for this dining room but it also had Asian details and Zen atmosphere.
SMA NYC Manhattan Condo
Black, white and silver make up this space and looks stunningly Asian modern!
Asian Flare Project
From the chairs, moon window, pendant light and window treatment, you can really get an Asian flare. Even the choice of color is totally Asian!
Tribeca Loft
Organic materials are used in this dining area like the plank dining table with cerused oak top and bronze metal base. These materials add to the rich and calming mood of the space.
Newport Beach Condo
The fabric on the chairs make it looks more beautiful in its wooden frame. It pairs well with the wooden dining table in this contemporary Asian setting.
Fragrant Hills
Built-in display space with Asian inspired items in it. The gray colors seemingly envelop the wooden and bamboo furniture in the center.
Asian Inspired Dining Room
One look at this space and you will know it is Asian!
Dining Room
An Asian-Transitional dining room with driftwood centerpiece, koi artwork and coral red sea fan accessories that creates a connection to the style of the space.
Zen Montreal Home
Bring the outdoors inside your home like this urban Zen dining area. You can see the natural table design with seats in lovely floral blue fabrics. The design all around it is totally Asian in style!
Pacific Beach
A dining room with Asian and contemporary styles in one. The wall decor creates a huge impact to the area’s design.
Aventura
The dining set is already a gorgeous sight but with the cabinets and decors around, its look was even alleviated especially with red color and wooden touches.
Ryokan (Japanese Guest House) Interior
Unmistakably Japanese in style from the floor to the ceiling up to the furniture and decorations!
Montain Home
Bamboo center table and chairs gives this dining area a unique look. The entire ambiance is calm and very Zen.
Walnut Residence
A dining room that features chic, modern lines with clean Asian sophistication brought by the organic beauty of nature from its decorations.
Asian Dining Room Chicago.
I am only speechless when I look those designs are so cool…You’ve shared the very best Asian dining room designs ever…so inspirational..Keep sharingi got gracie about 2 months ago and she was only 3 months old she was very skinny and i thought she was being under fed because the guy had her 10 brothers and sisters and her mom dad and two other full grown dobermans. she has gained little weight but in size has trippled. is she not gaining weight because she is growing so fast? and i feed her 2 times a day and she gets a snack in the middle should i be feed her more? please help.
BookmarksSILK & WOOL
Stephanie Odegard was the first designer during the past few decades to marry the matte texture of wool with the shimmer of silk. Odegard still sets the standard in this combination with variations of floral designs as well as elegant tone on tone carpets where the silk and wool play with each other creating subtle nuances of shape and color.
- ZHIMI
- BLOSSOM
- SNIPPINGS
- RANDOM SCRAMBLE
- SANDRA
- BRICK VARIATION
- BLOSSOM IVYou sure made us proud Canada!
We we’re truly impressed by the entries we received for our “Canada’s Craziest Golfer Contest”. It was almost impossible not to share them all. Here are your 3 winners:
1st place: Mark Balon
” Too much snow! Waiting for warmer weather and remembering a great trip to Pebble Beach and Palm Springs just a month earlier! What better way to reminisce than to practice your putting!”
2nd Place: Ed Bergen
“My greatest day of golf was a long one. My golfing partner Rob, and myself were up early and were lucky enough to have the first tee time of the day at the beautiful Mt Lorette course at Kannaskis. With no one in front of us, we walked and were able to complete the round in good time and collect our “I kept the pace” ball marker upon completion. We also had a tee time booked at The majestic Banff Springs Golf course in Banff. It’s hard to play quickly when surrounded by such scenery, but the pace of play was good and we still had a good piece of the day ahead of us. With maybe a lack of sleep or a bit to much sunshine on the brain, we thought, “hey, why not race to Jasper National Park, if there’s no tea times available. we will play in the morning”. For anyone that hasn’t travelled that stretch of road, its only 287 km, but in the middle of July it is about a four hour drive! After the lengthy drive through what may be Canada’s most scenic stretch of road we arrived in Jasper and secured the last tee time of the day! At last light we, we walked off the 18th green, knowing that we had just finished walking 54 holes of great golf, on 3 of Canada’s greatest courses and travelled over 350 km by car and still had time to set up our tent in the dark and get some sleep so we could start over in the morning!”
3rd place: Sebastien Arcand
4 years ago I built a backyard putting green for my kids and myself. The green is made of bentgrass and built to USGA standards. After 4 years, my kids and myself are still practicing almost everyday on it. My kids love golf as much as I do…
Honourable Mentions:
A creative “Urban golfer”.. Jeremy La Salle-Pike
A golf-crazy scuba diver who took his homegrown love of golf all the way to Belize, Todd Keirstead
Desi Harcourt’s son is an impatient and innovative golfer. He’s been known to shovel himself a makeshift driving range and spend days in the cold training for the upcoming competitive season.
Thank you Canada for sharing your photos and passion for the game, keep on golfing!<< [Back to News Release Archive]
Raytheon Completes Test to Begin Improving Accuracy of Global Positioning System Signals Over India
FULLERTON, Calif., Nov. 20, 2007 /PRNewswire/ -- Raytheon Company (NYSE: RTN) successfully completed the final system acceptance test to augment standard Global Positioning System signals over India.
The latest test of the GPS Aided GEO Augmented Navigation-Technology Demonstration System, or GAGAN-TDS, is an important milestone in the worldwide transition to satellite-based navigation for civil aviation. When.: Lynford Morton 703.284.4446 lynfordm@raytheon.com
SOURCE: Raytheon Company
CONTACT: Lynford Morton of Raytheon Company, +1-703-284-4446,
lynfordm@raytheon.com
Web site:Photo Credit: Thinkstock
The next meteor shower is August 10-13, but sometimes the bright lights of the big city can get in your way of seeing the stars in their true glory. Here are five places in and out of the city to catch a glimpse of the beauty that is the night’s sky.
C.M. Crockett Park
10066 Rogues Road
Midland, VA 22728
(540) 788-4867
C.M. Crockett Park in Fauquier County, Virginia is a great place outside of the city where stargazers both experienced and beginners can go to see constellations, meteors, satellites and planets. The open field offers unobstructed views of the nighttime sky. The Northern Virginia Astronomy Club organizes stargazing. The public is permitted to attend on certain Saturday evenings until 11 p.m. Telescopes and binoculars are recommended but are not necessary to see the stars.
Observatory Park
925 Springvale Road
Great Falls, VA 22066
(703) 324-8702
Observatory Park is located near DC in McLean, Virginia at Turner Farm. With a dedicated observation area, it’s a popular place for astronomers and stargazers alike to meet and watch the night’s sky. Supported by the Analemma Society, the park is open to the public on Friday evenings to stargaze beginning at sunset. Bring a blanket or chairs and sit back and enjoy the stars. Remember that if it’s cloudy, there won’t be any chance of seeing them. The website offers an astronomical events calendar so you can stay abreast of all the upcoming meteor showers, equinox and solstices.
Rock Creek Planetarium
5200 Glover Road N.W.
Washington, DC 20015
(202) 895-6070
Discover all about the night’s sky with the Rock Creek Planetarium that uses Spitz software to illustrate the night’s sky onto the planetarium. Evening stargazing sessions occur through November at the Military Field, which is located off of Military Road in Rock Creek Park. This joint program with the National Capital Astronomers Association is free and may be canceled due to cloudy or rainy skies. The Planetarium is free and tickets may be obtained from the Nature Center front desk.
Related: Best Places For Horseback Riding In The DC Area
Sky Meadows State Park
11012 Edmonds Lane
Delaplane, VA 20144
(540) 592-3556
The Sky Meadows State Park is located in Northern Virginia, only 45 minutes from DC off of I-66. It consists of 1,864 acres featuring rolling pastures allowing for open fields and 17 miles of hiking trails. It’s far enough from the city that light pollution is rarely an issue, so you’ll be able to view the stars. If you want to meet up with the Smithsonian on Saturdays, there’s free admission and local astronomers in this event that begins with a half-hour program for children followed by observations by an ambassador from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory Solar System. Click here for more information on this program. And if you want the full outdoors experience, there are primitive campgrounds available for $15 per night.
Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum
Independence Ave. at 6th St. S.W.
Washington, DC 20560
(202) 633-2214
One of the most popular and well-attended museums in DC is the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum. Featuring a Public Observatory, visitors can view the sun and other planets Wednesday through Sunday from 12 p.m. to 3 p.m. regularly. On special occasions, the Public Observatory offers night viewing open to the public. For specific dates and times, visit the website and check out the calendar of events.
Related: Best Places To Go Fishing In.
Sunday, March 15, 2009
Japan This Week - 15<<Prof. Claire Clivaz informs me of a conference entitled 'Lire les papyrus du Nouveau Testament avec les autres papyrus d’Egypte'. Colloque international et école doctorale à l’Université de Lausanne, 22 au 24 octobre 09, Institut Romand des Sciences Bibliques..
What is your paper on, Pete?
Anon, I'm not giving one.
Sorry, the other Pete:).On Tue, Oct 26, 2010 at 10:01 AM, Eli Barzilay <eli at barzilay.org> wrote: > > OK, I changed it -- but here are some of the points that made me think > that `html' is the right choice: Here's one more (and IMHO more significant) point: XHTML is on the way out as a web technology. In particular, HTML5 is treating the whole HTML-in-XML idea as mostly failed and continuing without paying it much attention. For more details, see: and -- sam th samth at ccs.neu.eduHappening now: Ladies Night at West Seattle ThriftwayMarch 6, 2014 at 6:56 pm | In West Seattle businesses, West Seattle news | 3 Comments
Hottest ticket in town tonight - Ladies Night at West Seattle Thriftway – check out the line waiting to get in at 6 pm, perhaps enticed by the promise of 125 “swag bags” for the first to arrive – and they went fast!
Joining in providing the swag, local merchants, many of whom had reps on hand, including Menashe and Sons Jewelers
Cheryl is wearing a necklace from Menashe and Sons, that is being offered as a prize tonight:
Also on hand: Illusions Hair Design – that’s Heather in our photo:
You have until 8 pm to go check out “Ladies Night,” with food and wine among the enticements; Thriftway is at California/Fauntleroy/Morgan. (Disclosure P.S. – Thriftway, Menashe and Sons, and Illusions are all WSB sponsors.)
3 Comments
Sorry, comment time is over.
All contents copyright 2005-2015, A Drink of Water and a Story Interactive. Here's how to contact us.
Header image by Nick Adams. ABSOLUTELY NO WSB PHOTO REUSE WITHOUT SITE OWNERS' PERMISSION.
Entries and comments feeds. ^Top^
Can’t wait for Guys Night.
Comment by West Seattle Hipster — 7:40 pm March 6, 2014 #
My thoughts exactly WS Hipster.
.
They could have bbq demos, spice rubs, meat cutting seminars and some beer tastings. I would show up for all that!
Comment by Jordan — 6:42 am March 7, 2014 #
very fun event; ran into several friends; great food samples; Menashe cleaned my ring; got there at 630 and they still had swag bags full of goodies; and the bag itself is really nice; thanks for the alert wsblog; Thriftway is awesome
Comment by Diane — 11:52 am March 7, 2014 #Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: 6-time NBA champion; 6-time MVP award winner; 19-time All-Star; the NBA’s all-time leading scorer.
Former broadcaster Eddie Doucett, who long served as the radio play-by-play announcer for the Milwaukee Bucks, recalled when he coined Abdul-Jabbar’s shot.
“This guy created a masterpiece,” he said. “I was just there to give it a name.”
Now, that shot, his patented sky-hook, will forever be etched into bronze with the unveiling of his statue outside STAPLES Center on Friday afternoon.
.”
A former No. 1 overall pick of the Milwaukee Bucks in 1969, Abdul-Jabbar won his first title along Oscar Robertson during his second campaign in the league. He was traded to the Lakers in 1975, winning the first of his titles with the team in 1979, the beginning of an era coined “Showtime,” and the start of a dynasty, when the purple and gold captured five of the next nine NBA championships.
Yet when reflecting on his storied career in the league during the unveiling of his statue, the 7-foot-2 center noted of something far more significant than his accomplishments on the hardwood.
“(My business manager) convinced me even though I was successful, I needed to turn that success into something else,” Abdul-Jabbar said. “And that was more than being just a great athlete.”
The New York native now serves as a cultural ambassador, has written several books on various historical subjects, appeared in documentary films and even started his own Skyhook Foundation – a program focused on “raising the academic aspirations of students by connecting them with mentors who are equipped to motivate and engage under-served youth to reach their potential.”
Those close to Abdul-Jabbar realized the impact he had and has as a person and as a model for today’s youth.
“I define a leader as somebody who stands up for justice and doesn’t block its path,” Richard Lapchick, a human rights activist, said, “and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar has been doing that since he was a young man when I first met him.”
Former U.S. president Bill Clinton echoed similar sentiments in a congratulatory video.
“To those of us, certainly including me, who have had the privilege watching you both on and off the court, you have been a real symbol of strength and an exemplary model for our children,” he said.
Those in attendance included former teammates and Lakers including Magic Johnson, James Worthy and Jerry West, who all reflected on him as a teammate.
“You taught us how to be a man and be professional,” Johnson said of Abdul-Jabbar. “You didn’t have to say any words. We saw you and we wanted to be like you.”
“Kareem was the most selfless super player that I’ve ever seen in my life,’’ West added.Entertainment, Emotion, Love, Empathy, Ethics, and Saving the World
But I haven't said everything important on the subject. In cleaning my office space I was about to dump all the papers and clippings I had saved for seven years as potential sources for my writing, but it felt like an impending loss. I had squeezed my text ruthlessly, eliminating much fascinating material. Instead of sending my research documents to the dumpster, I am going to use this blog as a way of sharing some of what I've learned, revealing connections that most people have not noticed. Actually, I keep running across more new material on these topics every couple of days. I’ll explore the multiple effects of entertainment -- at least the kinds of entertainment that involve telling stories. People rarely recognize the enormous impact of fiction and drama, and certainly we don't use it much for motivating the public to engage in the necessary social reforms to save our planet.
But before addressing the societal impact of entertainment, I’ll mainly focus on the intrapersonal physiological level, since it is only through our imagination that fiction works its magic. And the most obvious impact of the imagination is on the workings of the body -- notably the arousal of our autonomic nervous system, which also affects our immune and endocrine systems. Watching a particular movie can affect your health in a major way, for good or for ill, just as your social relationships affect your health. In fact, you can experience intense personal relationships with imaginary characters who are as important to you (or even more so) than the real persons in your life.
This experience of attachment and closeness to the characters of a show is often considered pathological, but it is quite normal. Indeed, individuals who form intense "parasocial" relationships with fictional characters tend also to have extremely close relationships with their real friends and lovers. Imaginary relationships with, say, soap opera characters do not substitute for genuine intimacy, but usually accompany it. instead of regarding this as a psychological disorder, we might more appropriately encourage it.
What makes fiction and drama powerful? Our empathy for the characters. And philosophers prize empathy as essential to moral development. It is certainly true that a good movie about a complex but flawed personality may broaden the minds of viewers, making us more insightful, tolerant, and compassionate. However most shows and novels do not set out to do this; it is far more common for writers to encourage viewers or readers to blame someone in the story. For example, crime and war shows are all about finding some culpable person or group who supposedly should be incarcerated or killed. This lends excitement to a plot, but without necessarily fostering wisdom, compassion, or problem-solving behavior in the audience.
So if you're interested in these topics, check in with me from time to time. I intend to write an entry two or three times every week — partly because I am so interested in the topic that writing a normal-sized book is not enough. I must keep going!
Perhaps I should say a word about myself. I'm a retired female sociology professor from the University of Toronto. I coordinated the peace and conflict studies program at my college during the last 13 years of my career and am continuing to edit an independent publication, Peace Magazine.
1 Comments:
Hi Metta Spencer, Thank you for this interesting read. I am organizing a conference on Positive media, in Copenhagen, Denmark, in march 2012. I think it would be great if you could join us. Please send me and email ASAP (I cant find your email adresse) and I will tell you all about it.
Lykkepsykolog@gmail.com.
All the best.
Louise :)Abstract
We demonstrate local circular polarization in surface vortices of an optical near-field generated by superposing two cross-propagating evanescent waves with transverse electric fields on a planar dielectric surface. The circularly rotating local electric fields are converted into circularly polarized propagating light waves in free space via a near-field interaction with a sub-wavelength size local probe. The results show that optical near-fields generated under the influence of a material environment with local rotational symmetry carry angular pseudo-momentum with respect to the symmetry axis. The local circular polarization is of fundamental significance in spin-related and magneto-optical phenomena in nanophotonics.
© 2008 Optical Society of AmericaFull Article | PDF ArticleThe event is over. It is not possible to purchase tickets anymore.This event used XING EVENTS for online ticketing. Start to organise your own events in an effective and professional way.Test it now »
21-12-12 is the end of the world, so they say…
The date marks the end of the Mayan Calendar, leading millions to believe that the world will end on that day in some colossal catastrophe.
Many other people believe the day will mark the beginning of a new era in human civilization.
Event organizer: DECADENCE
Concert - Online Event Management with the ticketing solution from XING EVENTSTIM PALMER: The New South Wales detective behind allegations the Catholic Church covered up child sex abuse says he's been denied protection as a whistleblower.
Detective chief inspector Peter Fox last year claimed that the Church attempted to hide cases of sexual abuse to protect paedophile priests.
The New South Wales Premier Barry O'Farrell has promised inspector Fox will get whistleblower protection.
But the detective says he's received a hostile letter from the New South Wales Police Service, saying it won't be providing that protection, as Stephanie Smail reports.
STEPHANIE SMAIL: Detective chief inspector Peter Fox broke ranks last year to expose what he considers the high-level cover up of child sex abuse in the Hunter Valley.
His claims prompted the New South Wales Government to establish a Special Commission of Inquiry into the handling of child sexual abuse allegations.
They were also a key catalyst for the Royal Commission into child sex abuse.
At the time the New South Wales Premier Barry O'Farrell told State Parliament Peter Fox would be protected under whistleblower laws.
But detective inspector Fox says he's since received a hostile letter from the New South Wales Police Service saying he's not covered.
PETER FOX: The Premier said that I'd be protected under the Public Disclosures Act.
All I'm asking for is for this whole thing to be set aside and the police force to agree to that, and put that in place - end of argument.
It's a real distraction, sadly right on the cusp of the opening of the NSW special commission.
STEPHANIE SMAIL: Peter Fox says whistleblower laws have broad powers that would protect him if there's retribution for his claims.
But in a statement, New South Wales Police insist he won't be punished in any way for his disclosure.
It says:
POLICE STATEMENT (voiceover): The officer can be assured that no disciplinary procedures or other detrimental action will be taken against him by the New South Wales Police Force in reprisal for making those disclosures.
STEPHANIE SMAIL: Peter Fox says the New South Wales Police Service can't promise individual staff won't take action.
He says the broader whistleblower laws are the only way he can be protected completely.
PETER FOX: They can't give me that undertaking in respect to individual harassment perhaps by individual officers that have been with the police force that have since left, that may be involved in these disclosures.
They have no power over those whatsoever, and they also have no power over the actions of individual police.
STEPHANIE SMAIL: Peter Fox says he will ask the New South Wales Premier Barry O'Farrell to change the law so it covers him.
PETER FOX: If the legislation doesn't fit people into which category that I belong, it's not working. I've said that before. If the legislation isn't working, it's the same as any legislation - it needs to be amended so that it can apply.
Not just for myself now, but I'm sure that the future will see many others such as myself making disclosures as I have when we feel frustrated that something is wrong and the real story is not getting out there.
STEPHANIE SMAIL: A spokesman for Barry O'Farrell says it's a matter for the police commissioner.
He says the commissioner has made very clear statements about the matter in the past.
Peter Fox says despite the letter, his evidence won't change.
He says he'll tell the truth in the upcoming public hearings of the New South Wales Special Commission of Inquiry.
TIM PALMER: Stephanie Smail reporting.
The full story...
Whistleblower refused protection over child sex abuse claims
Stephanie Smail reported this story on Tuesday, April 16, 2013 18:50:00
TIM PALMER: The New South Wales detective behind allegations the Catholic Church covered up child sex abuse says he's been denied protection as a whistleblower.Ok so l have a dead debug kit thanks to USPS. (it left in a box and returned in a bag)
Motherboard has too much damage to repair. I know you can convert a retail box to debug using a hacked kernal but I like to do things the hard way. Is it possible to convert a retail board to debug using hardware from my dead debug kit? If so what all needs swapped over?
Convert Xbox To Debug Kit With Hardware?
Started by thewhipedone , Jul 11 2012 01:06 PM
4 replies to this topic
#1
Posted 11 July 2012 - 01:06 PM
#2
Posted 11 July 2012 - 03:14 PM
not an expert on debug kits "never had one" but it must be easier to repair that rather than transplant things over right??
you have the bios "tsop".. prety sure that debugs have 128Mb ram..
and probably a bunch of other little bits and bobs.
are you sure its impossible to repair it?
you have the bios "tsop".. prety sure that debugs have 128Mb ram..
and probably a bunch of other little bits and bobs.
are you sure its impossible to repair it?
#3
Posted 11 July 2012 - 03:31 PM
I'm more of a software guy but I have to ask the obvious question: where's the picture of the motherboard so that somebody can help assess the damage and what can be salvaged?
#4
Posted 22 July 2012 - 10:32 PM
The cpu heat sink came off and damaged the cpu when they dropped it. Im just going to look into flashing a retail to debug with a ram upgrade. Can anyone tell me were to start on this? Do I just place files on hdd and flash bios?
Edited by thewhipedone, 22 July 2012 - 10:40 PM.
#5
Posted 25 July 2012 - 03:20 AM
Ok got it figured out. Tsop flashed a debug kernel and used the recovery disk to rebuild hdd. Then added the extra ram to get 128mb. All is good again.
0 user(s) are reading this topic
0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous usersBy Errol Castens/NEMS Daily Journal
OXFORD – The last surviving member of the glamorous family called “America’s Camelot” was in Oxford on Thursday to sign “Listening In: The Secret White House Recordings of John F. Kennedy.”
Caroline Kennedy’s visit was just a few days after the 50-year anniversary of one of the book’s subjects – the integration of the University of Mississippi, and the decision to send in federal troops to quell rioting.
The book contains some 265 hours of material taped after JFK installed covert recording equipment in the Oval Office and the Cabinet Room “in an effort to preserve an accurate record of presidential decision-making in a highly charged atmosphere of conflicting viewpoints, strategies and tactics.”
Along with transcripts and audio CDs, the book reflects the tension of the changing times, both in civil rights issues and the fear of nuclear war.
Square Books’ east window also featured a dozen related books, from Caroline Kennedy’s “A Patriot’s Handbook: Songs, Poems, Stories and Speeches Celebrating the Land We Love” to her father’s “Profiles in Courage” and several biographies.
Caroline Kennedy, who wrote the foreword to “Listening In,” did not grant interviews, but some 400 people were eager to meet her.
“The Kennedy family was my era, and we all had great hope of a changing America,” said Rose Spears of Oxford. “Listening to the CDs and reading along with them has been really good. It kind of gives you an inside look at the stress, the strategy and the fact that they’re all human.”
Leah Shollenberger of Oxford was in fourth grade when President Kennedy was assassinated.
“I remember (Caroline) as a little child … and I’ve followed the family as a result,” she said. “I started reading the book (Wednesday). I’d always heard that Ross Barnett kind of dances around the subject, and that’s true, and President Kennedy pins him down pretty well. I like that.”
Garrison Gibbons of Jackson, a history-major sophomore at Ole Miss, has devoted several academic projects to the Kennedy presidency. From “Listening In” and its audio recordings, he added, he’s learned more about the parallels between JFK the president and JFK the man.
“The way he was presented on television is pretty much how he was in the Oval Office,” Gibbons said. “Even in the biggest of crises, it was surprising that he could be that relaxed, that charismatic, that energetic.”
errol.castens@journalinc.comESPN.com:
Chicago Cubs
[
Print without images
]
Monday, May 21, 2012
Not so fast on those Cubs lineup changes
By Doug Padilla
HOUSTON -- That lineup upheaval
Chicago Cubs
manager Dale Sveum talked about for the top of the order will have to wait.
Sveum said he came close to making the change, but declined at the last minute.
In Monday’s opener of a three-game series at Houston against the Astros, the lineup looked very similar to the one that has been used against right-handed pitching for about a month now, aside from a few spots at the bottom of the order.
David DeJesus
was in the leadoff spot and playing right field, followed by
Tony Campana
(center field) and
Starlin Castro
(shortstop).
Bryan LaHair
(first base) continued to hit out of the cleanup spot, followed by
Alfonso Soriano
(left field),
Ian Stewart
(third base),
Adrian Cardenas
(second base),
Koyie Hill
(catcher) and
Matt Garza
(pitcher).
“It was very close, I will admit,” Sveum said. “I thought about it last night and today and I decided being that on the road trip we face three lefties and today was a good day to get every left-hander in the lineup off
Bud Norris
, who notoriously dominated right-handed hitters. I just decided to give the right-handed lineup one more week.”
The left-handed Cardenas was making his second consecutive start at second base in place of
Darwin Barney
, which was another nod to Norris’ ability to cause problems for right-handed hitters.
After the Cubs completed a weekend against the White Sox when they scored in just three of the 27 innings and were swept, Sveum said changes would be ahead.
“I’m thinking about changing things at the top of the order there, not that anybody is doing anything wrong,” Sveum said Sunday. “We aren’t producing any runs that way.”
DeJesus’ .360 on-base percentage is second on the team, while Castro leads the team in RBIs with 25.
“DeJesus has done everything at the leadoff spot and Campana has done everything,” Sveum said Monday. “The bottom line is that we’re still not scoring runs off the starting pitchers. It’s been going on all year. It’s kind of weird. We’re better against the back end of a bullpen than we have been against starting pitchers so it’s just more of dwelling over that fact that what possibility can we do to change up. But it’s not because anybody isn’t doing their job.”- 
King's View Water Front Condo Beach Level 102&108
From $249 / night
Description from the owner
- Apartment
- 2 bedrooms
- 2 bathrooms
- Sleeps 4
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 2
Sleeps: 4
Type: Apt. / CondoKing's View Water Front Condo Beach Level 102&108
Description from the owner
Lake Havasu City, Colorado River Area, Arizona, USA (Scenic Waterfront Walkway to London Bridge & Entertainment)
View of Kings View Condo complex, channel, beach, and scenic waterfront walkway. - Lake Havasu City, Arizona Vacation Rental.
LOOK NO FURTHER! THIS IS THE BEST!
(We own 3 units in this complex. 2 beach level and one 4th floor channel facing.)
This beautiful, brand new, fully furnished "Kings View Resort" waterfront Condo is on the first floor (beach level) with spectacular and unobstructed views of the beach, London Bridge, channel, and your boat!
Enjoy the HEATED pool and pool house, or step out to the sand and water to enjoy the ...Read more
About the owner
About the owner
David Clark
David Clark
- Response rate 0%
- Response time N/A
- Calendar updated 4 months ago
- Overall rating2.3 / 5.0 based on 4 reviews and 4 properties
Map
King's View Water Front Condo Beach Level 102&108
Lake Havasu City, Arizona
(Property location is approximate) ?heater-store.com
Infrared Heaters | Electric and Gas Heaters | Fireplaces
Warm Up Your Home, Garage or Patio With Indoor or Outdoor Heaters and Fireplaces from Heater Store. Order NOW at (702)281-8946.
home-decorating-room-by-room.com
Creative Home Decorating Room by Room
Discover your creativity and make your home reflect your personality by having fun with this free online decorating workbook.
Keywords: retro design style, antique inspired home decor, decorating styles list, describe victorian style of decorating, help with decorating my sewing room
edinburgh-rooms.co.uk
UniversityRooms: visitor accommodation in Edinburgh
Visiting Edinburgh? Stay in university rooms! Cheap alternative to Edinburgh hostels, hotels, Bed and Breakfasts in Edinburgh. Edinburgh University...
stiebel.com.au
Instant Hot Water Systems, Solar Hot Water Heater, Room Heaters - Stiebel Eltorn
Stiebel Eltron is a proud supplier of high quality hot water systems, water filters, water heaters, room heaters and solar hot water heaters.
Keywords: solar hot water, water heaters, eltron, hot water systems, stiebel eltron water heater!
morphyauctions.com
Auction House and Antique Gallery | Morphy Auctions
Morphy Auctions auction house and antique gallery in Lancaster, Pennsylvania specializing in fresh to the market collections.
Keywords: americana auction, morphy auction, million dollar auction, marble auction
Personal & Whole Room Heaters | Honeywell Heaters
Shop for Honeywell Personal and Whole Room Heaters. uSave members receive free ground shipping on ALL items.
Keywords: energy saving, heating bills, whole house heating, personal heating, honeywell energysmart infrared heater
intersolarsystems.com
Inter Solar, Industrial Solar & Electric Water heater systems
Inter solar is one of the largest suppliers of solar room heater, thermal heater and electric water heater in Chandigarh & Mohali
Keywords: solar products, solar water heater, Domestic Solar Water Heater, Solar Electric Water Heater, Solar Storage Water Heater
towler-staines.co.uk
Calor Gas Barbecues BBQ, Patio Heaters. Camping Lanterns, single and double stoves. Room heaters. - Towler & Staines Ltd for Calor Gas Products
Calor Gas Barbecues and Patio Heaters. Gas Lanterns, Gas Burners and Lanterns. Camping Stoves and BBQ
Keywords: Patio Heaters, gas barbecues, gas patio heaters, cadac skottel
freixanet-saunasport.com
Freixanet Wellness Projects - Design and installation of wellness
wellness, wellnes, spa, sauna, steam bath, steam shower, infrared, saunas, design, bespoke, starred sky, hammam, hamam, caldarium, aromas cabin, salt cabin, ice spring, ice fountain, cold water basins, snow cabin, reflexology path, relaxation zone,...
Keywords: Wellness, showers, Hemlock, salt cabin, freixanet
familyneeds.net
Home Appliances and Kitchen Appliances Price News Reviews.
Family Needs is first and largest webportal on Electronics products Home and Kitchen appliances
solidfuel.co.uk
Solid Fuel Association - coal, coke and smokeless fuels
Solid fuel heating - for advice on coal, coke and smokelessfuels and appliances, central heating, open fires, room heaters and cookers
Keywords: coke, smokeless, room heaters, chimney liner,Could the SEC be in the golden age of quarterbacks? Conference signal callers headline the country’s historically biggest defensive conference. And quarterback play has headlined an increase in offensive production and numbers, as four teams are averaging over 40 points per game in 2013.
Related: What happened to you on Saturday?
We know about Johnny Manziel, AJ McCarron and Aaron Murray, and all three have played well, but two improved quarterbacks have taken their game to the next level – LSU’s Zach Mettenberger and Ole Miss’ Bo Wallace – and helped lead their team to 3-0 starts.
Related: 9 biggest takeaways from week 3
Zach Mettenberger, LSU
Stats: 45 of 69 (65.2%) for 797 yards, 9 TDs, 0 INTs
It’s looking more like Cam Cameron was the most important assistant coaching hire during the offseason. We don’t normally rank offseasons, but the Tigers have to be in the top three of the SEC – maybe topping the list. It’s quite obvious the improvement Cameron has brought to the offense. Not only are they putting up much better numbers, but Zach Mettenberger has also taken his game to another level, a level we all expected out of him last year. But it took hiring Cameron – and demoting Greg Studrawa – to get it done. Mettenberger has already set LSU passing records with five TD passes in one game (UAB) and became the first QB to throw for at least 250 yards in the first three games of the season. He has thrown nine TDs and no INTs and is completing 65 percent of his passes, up from 58 percent last season. Mett is much calmer in the pocket, and the passing game is much more in rhythm, helping to offset the always dominant run game. As a result, receivers Odell Beckham and Jarvis Landry are blossoming.
Note: Videos may not work on some mobile devices. You can watch it here.
Bo Wallace, Ole Miss
Stats: 56 of 87 (64.4%) for 648 yards, 4 TDs, 0 INTs
Bo Wallace’s evolution from gunslinger to game manager is continual, but most importantly it’s happening. Wallace threw 22 TDs last year, but the one number aspect that had to improve was the 17 INTs. Let’s give Hugh Freeze and OC Dan Werner credit, too. They impressed upon Wallace that in order for the offense to succeed and improve upon seven wins, he would have to improve his decision making and overall mentality as a quarterback. He’s done that through three weeks, and the Rebels are sitting 3-0 compared to what many thought would be a realistic 1-2 start. Wallace’s progression as a passer tells me more about better decision making, and he’s starting to learn he may not be able to get away with forcing passes into tight windows like he did at JUCO. The Rebels are the only team in the country to have won two road games against BCS opponents.
Photo Credit: Derick E. Hingle-USA TODAY SportsJACKSONVILLE, Alabama -- Hannah Bannister drilled a 3-point shot from the right wing early in the fourth quarter Thursday, pulling Arab even with the defending state champs for the first time in the entire second half.
That proved to be the high-water mark for the Lady Knights, though, as they scored only two more baskets over the final 7:18.
"We competed toe-to-toe with them for three quarters," Arab coach Steve Flack said. "I don't know if we were tired, but we just didn't have the get-up-and-go in the fourth quarter. They're very good (and) they made the plays."
The Lady Knights (25-10) had a particularly tough time with post Gabrielle Holston, who had 13 points and 12 rebounds. Second-ranked Center Point (25-8) outrebounded Arab 34-20 for the game.
Kylie Moore led the Arab with eight points and Shelby Beam added seven.Many of us assume President Bush or one of his key associates would play the key role in deciding the outcome of the United Nations' revived search for weapons laboratories in Iraq. The president most assuredly will decide whether the American military should get involved, but for now he will step back and let a Swedish inspector, Hans Blix, take the lead.
Blix, who was part of the U.N. team in Iraq for several years after the Persian Gulf War, is the leader of the group that soon will return to the Middle Eastern country. ...
Blix, who previously ran the U.N.'s nuclear watchdog agency, was a compromise choice to lead the inspections team. Since his appointment ... he has built a close relationship with U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and made clear that his allegiances are strictly to the Security Council, which oversees his mission.
From the start, the Iraqis will almost certainly test Blix's, and the U.N.'s, resolve. For example, will the inspectors have free rein to look anywhere they choose, including Saddam's palaces?
We shall soon see. It is instructive to remember that, in the seven years that U.N. inspectors spent in Iraq during the last decade, they uncovered and destroyed plenty of nuclear and chemical weapons programs. It is up to Blix's team to finish the job.
-- Enterprise-Journal, McComb, Miss. - Nov. 17tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-31146535.post7298074445991287736..comments2015-05-21T14:40:39.877-04:00Comments on Ob/Gyn Kenobi: Wake Me Up Before You Go, Godr. whoo?-31146535.post-35207744732113357912008-03-15T20:59:00.000-04:002008-03-15T20:59:00.000-04:00tbtam~ You are right. Something has gotta give. ...<BR/><BR/>chavale~ Wow, that sounds dream like! Unfortunately, the area is too far away from family for us to consider, or you'd be getting an unsolicited copy of my CV ;) <BR/><BR/!<BR/><BR/>Thanks for de-lurking and for letting me know that such opportunities exist. It gives me hope!<BR/><BR/! :)<BR/><BR/>daf~ Hello and welcome, glad you are enjoying this corner of the blogosphere so far! Please feel free to link away. I will put in a reciprocal link, if you would like, as well!<BR/><BR/>Yes, it seems that they are out there, now it is just a matter of finding them. I wish you the very best with your search as well!<BR/>. <BR/><BR/!dr. whoo?, can someone help me understand life as an ...Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-31146535.post-86972160016010300552008-03-09T22:14:00.000-04:002008-03-09T22:14:00.000-04:00I haven't ventured into the world of Docs with Blo...<BR/><BR/>I'm out shopping for a new gig myself, and have a shopping list very similar to yours. Group of four minimum (taking OB call at least - I wouldn't mind a larger group at all if more senior docs chose to do just Gyn), <I>love</I> the dedicated day for OR and covering the board, etc. Fingers crossed that we both get what we want!Daf hospital is searching et interviewing OBGYNs r...Our hospital is searching et interviewing OBGYNs right now. We have two small community hospitals, and Dr.s that all have their own practices, but work together for call. It's nice. I hope you get what you are searching for.<BR/>~ErinThe Nurse to tell you it does exist! I live on the..! :)<BR/><BR/).chavale youa re describing is a typical group practic...What youa re describing is a typical group practice these days, not unusual. What you are doing is unusual, and I imagine, untenable for much longer....TBTAMWKU basketball.".. Two. Several WKU Athletes Can Relate to NFL Superstar's Knee Injury By Kevin Willis • Jan 9, 2013. WKU Women Stay Unbeaten in Sun Belt Play, Hilltopper Men Lose to UALR By WKU Athletics • Jan 4, 2013 Men Open Sun Belt Play at Home Vs. Florida International By WKU Athletics • Dec 27, 2012 The Hilltopper men's basketball team begins Sun Belt Conference play Thursday night,. WKU Faces the Music in Music City, Drops Game to Louisville By WKU Athletics • Dec 23, 2012 WKU Athletics. WKU Faces Toughest Foe Yet in #5 Louisville Cardinals By WKU Athletics • Dec 22, 2012 W. WKU Senior Jamal Crook Out 4-6 Weeks with Broken Foot By Kevin Willis • Dec 20, 2012 WKU Athletics. Rough Road Trip Continues for Hilltoppers with 32 Point Loss at VCU; U of L Next By WKU Athletics • Dec 19, 2012. Pages« first ‹ previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 next › last »238, Flinders Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000
This is a canteen style no frills place to eat. It scored 78% on Urbanspoon, with lots of favourable reviews and some disgruntled punters because of their inconsistencies and service. You get a selection from the bain-marie and it's quick and easy. However, if you are there as a group, and some of you are orderding from the ala carte menu while others are ordering from the pre-prepared meal - don't expect to start your meals (or finish) at the same time.
The Place
To me, this is equivalent to a fast food joint. It's a pretty large space that could accommodate groups. The only ambience you can expect is that of an air-conditined cafetaria at a Senior College. It is situated across from Flinders Street Station and is easy to get to in you are already in the area. (For those new to Melbourne - this means there's no parking here.) If you are in a hurry, say before a move at ACMI (Australian Centre for the Moving Image) and are looking for Indian - this is the place.
Things to do nearby: You are essentially in the heart of the city, surrounded by the shopping precinct, Federation Square and the Arts Centre and Southbank is but 5 minutes away. Heaps to do.
The Food
The food is not bad for this style of restaurant. A testament to this is the number of Indian punters that are usually eating here. One thing I have to say though, it's not very spicy, so if you are into really hot foods - you are better off ordering from the menu (and expect to wait in that situation).
They have the usual range of Indian fare from Vindaloo, to Rogan Josh, to Korma, to Madras style, and of course, butter chicken - all ready to be spooned on to a waiting thali. So, they are generally reliable but do not expect to quality food for it is essentially off the bain-marie. One advice I would give you is to NOT order the dish that looks like it's about to finish and only the dregs are left. Just DON'T. There's usually plenty of others to pick from.
Two things to note; The vegetarian fare is usually rather disappointing here, in my humble opinion, but if they are serving goat on the day you visit (and you like goat) - go for it - but expect it to be on the bone.
You can order a range of different things including biryani and dosai too, but will have to wait.
The Service
This is where it gets a bit challenging. :) The servers are there to scoop up food for you and collect your money. It's essentially self-service, but for what you are paying for, please do not expect a red carpet and over friendly interest in you as another human being. They are not into relationship building, if I might put it delicately.
Some people see this as downright rude - I see it as the most basic of service. They are not rude at all, but they might not smile all the time, and be a bit 'matter of fact' about their jobs. Their role is to facilitate me getting access to the food, that's it. It's that kind of place. If you want good service with a smile - you need to go to a more expensive proper restaurant. I would have complained if they were actually rude, but I sincerely have never encountered that.
Overall
I have said this before - it is what it is - a fast food joint, where you go in, feed, and get out relatively satisfied. It can get rowdy sometimes if a lot of students are in. I go there as an old reliable if I am in a hurry around Flinders Street.
Cultural Moment
Thali literally means plate. In this case - more of a platter with various dishes on it. In some parts of India, it's almost a big round tray and the various dishes are served in small bowls (katori), whereas in other parts of India and in Nepal, a thali is a big plate with different 'compartments' for the different dishes. It usually comes with rice or chapatis (bread/roti) as a main staple, with all the other accompaniments.
I quite like Flora for a cheap meal. Masala dosa and a mango lassi for under $10...pretty good if you've been trooping around the city and want a quick lunch or dinner! And their dosas are good! I rarely come out of one without a spill or two down my front, but tasty nonetheless.
"They are not into relationship building, if I might put it delicately." Nicely put! But I definitely don't equate smiles with a higher price tag. These people are surly. There's stacks of cheap eats, Asian, Indian and otherwise, where warmth and a smile are just part of what you get.Does the Mophie contain physical, on-board memory or not?
Ambiguous references to physical memory and a requirement to access a third-party "App" for the items stored seem to be at odds with each other. Does this device contain physical memory or not? And what, if anything, can be used to charge the case with a vehicle? And how exactly does this case "charge" the iPhone without a physical connection to the iPhone?
- Asked by Dennis A N from Nashua
-
- Flag as inappropriate (Does the Mophie contain physical, on-board memory or not?)
1 Answer from the Community
- Answer
Yes, the space pack has an internal physical drive; the app is required to manage and store files while using the iPhone. When plugged into a computer via the micro-USB cable, it reads like any other flash drive/external hard drive. If your car charger has a detachable USB connector, you can charge it with said USB cable. The phone connects to the case with a built-in lightning connection, which is how it charges via the internal battery or when plugged into a power source.
- Answered by Damian H from Boston
-
- Flag as inappropriate Answer 1
Related Questions
- Where can I find a physical US Extended Layout keyboard for my mac?
- Asked by Giorgio B from Roma Italy
- Apr 4, 2011
- Flag as inappropriate (Where can I find a physical US Extended Layout keyboard for my mac?)
- Asked about: Apple Wireless Keyboard - English
- is there a device that fits iphone 4s like "mophie packs" that offer battery and memory back up?
- Asked by Michael Japalea Y from Lawton
- Aug 2, 2014
- Flag as inappropriate (is there a device that fits iphone 4s like "mophie packs" that offer battery and memory back up?)
- How do i to up grade memory for MacBook Pro laptop?
- Asked by Theodore S from Fpo
- Nov 5, 2014
- Flag as inappropriate (How do i to up grade memory for MacBook Pro laptop?)
- Asked about: Apple Memory Module 16GB 1866MHz DD…J shouted things like “I am offended” and (allegedly) made death threats.
The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) asked Rawlins last week to renounce his support.
Without renouncing the protesters per se, Rawlins should at least renounce their methods and reaffirm student playwright Chris Lee’s right to be offensive.
Lee’s parody of the film “The Passion of the Christ” is undoubtedly offensive to many people. It relies heavily on satire as practiced by such television shows as “South Park” and “Chapelle’s Show.”
“My purpose was to create something so offensive it couldn’t be offensive,” Lee said.
Sorry. No such thing.
There’s a fine line between satire and sophomoric crudity. Walking that line requires an extremely delicate touch. Lee’s highly vocal critics don’t think he’s mastered it.
Perhaps not. That’s still no reason for them to disrupt a performance. They have free speech rights, but so does Lee.
“Performing a play is constitutionally protected free speech,” FIRE leaders said in their letter to Rawlins. “Disrupting a play is not.”
Leaders of Washington State’s Center for Human Rights disagree. They told Lee in a letter May 13 that he directly provoked and taunted the audience, giving the play the “qualities of a public forum.”
“You are not free to shield yourself behind the label of playwright or actor and assume no responsibility for the consequences of your words and deeds,” they said.
Actually — to a large extent — he is. It’s called the First Amendment.
It’s one thing to find a play objectionable and urge people not to see it. It’s quite another to interrupt a play to keep people from seeing it.
If Rawlins wants to weigh in on the issue, he ought to weigh in on the side of free speech for everyone — not just those who shout the loudest. — T.H.
Schools: Washington State University Cases: Washington State University: Administrative Support for Heckler’s Veto of Student PlayThe Zoo is home to more than 160 different species of animals. For more information about the zoo’s animal residents please click here.
Magellanic penguins are named after Ferdinand Magellan who first discovered them in 1519.
I Played Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate And Now I Am Writing These Words About It (And Other Things Too Actually)
By AjayRaz 27 Comments
*dusts off keyboard*
stupid thing, i can't believe
oh! hi there! my name's Ajay and i play video games... well, sometimes.
actually, i kind of barely play video games anymore. i'm way more into buying a bunch of video games and not playing them for some reason. like, i bought at least 30 games since June and have probably played like, five of them.
i don't really play on PC, either so it's not really a steam sale kind of thing. i guess it's the fact that Microsoft and Sony keep having all sorts of crazy deals with their digital distribution platforms, or whatever. like, i bought Bully for the first time for like 3$ last week on XBLA and i haven't even played booted it up. that has to be some sort of crime somewhere, right?
it's not a bad thing, per se to use content from previous games but it just feels... disappointing at this point, especially considering how prone TN is to doing this in all of their games. i love the hell out of Ayane's Ninja Gaiden costumes in this game, but my favorite costumes in DOA5 were the brand new ones. i would have loved for there to be more new stuff.
the fact that it's old content kind of shows too. Lost World is a pretty stage, but it feels so dated at this point. especially compared to the other stages, there just doesn't seem to be much to it at all. the stage's gimmick of falling off a cliff got old pretty fast, and the surfaces are so small that you can't really get much done. it feels like it was designed for another game-- before DOA was had such elaborate combos and juggles.
it probably looks like i'm scraping the bottom of the barrel at this point, but this is how i felt about the new additions in a way. don't get me wrong-- the new stages are great and gorgeous, but i would have appreciated everything a whole lot more if it was all-new.
I don't care about all of these words. Is it good, or what?
yes! i think Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate is fucking excellent. it builds upon an already great playing, gorgeous looking, lovely sounding fighting game. it's still the accessible, content-packed and long lasting fighting game that was released a year ago... just with, you know, a cat hoodie for Eliot and an option to change the breast physics.
you should play it. really. if you own a PlayStation 3 computer entertainment system, a controller and an internet connection, you should try out Dead or Alive 5 Ultimate. it's fun, frantic and it's free. you like free stuff, right?!
geez, i wrote a lot, huh? i hope you kind of enjoyed reading that, at least. it took me more than a year to finally gather my thoughts on Dead or Alive 5, so these thoughts are anything but final. it's just how i feel about everything right now. first impressions, i suppose!
...it's no DOA2 Ultimate, though.
thanks for reading.
- AjayIn prison, Norway’s worst modern mass murderer complains of having to play outdated video games [EuroNews, Lowering the Bar, earlier on his 2012 complaint about not being allowed moisturizer]
Posts Tagged ‘Norway’]
Norway: “Killer claims compensation”
It’s your fault for letting me go: “A man who wildly stabbed fellow passengers on board an Oslo tram three years ago is now seeking compensation from the state. He claims he never should have been released from psychiatric care just days before he went amok, and his victim’s own mother agrees.” (Nina Berglund, Aftenposten, Aug. 24).
Keeping of caged birds
Norway: porn-surfing on the job not a firing offense?
The Norway Supreme Court has ruled that Conoco Phillips owes two workers about $40,000 each for firing them for looking at Internet porn on the job. (Jonathan Tisdall, “Final porn decision”, Aftenposten English, Apr. 22).
The Aftenposten story has been widely repeated on the web, but it’s worth noting that the supposed decision has not yet been catalogued on the English version of the Norges Høyesterett website, though that site is only up to date to March 31. That said, this page looks suspiciously like the decision in question, though my Norwegian language skills are decidedly limited. I further note that it is utterly charming that Norway is sufficiently non-litigious otherwise that its Supreme Court apparently has the time to regularly decide appeals of speeding tickets. (& letter to the editor, Jul. 13).
Norwegian edition
The).
Another Aussie drunk driver sues
“Francine Parrington lost her arm when she crashed into a tree while driving with a blood alcohol level of 0.118 but says it wasn’t her fault and is suing the hotel for serving her too many drinks. … She crashed into exactly the same tree a year before and claims her drinking habits were caused by her marital difficulties with a straying husband.” (Angela Kamper, “Drink-driver sues the hotel”, Jul. 30)). They do seem to get a lot of these cases down in Oz, don’t they? See, for example, the cases described in this space May 12. (Update Dec. 21: she loses case)
P.S. In Oslo, Norway, a court has just thrown out a man’s conviction on charges of drunken driving on the grounds that he had been much too drunk at the time to give proper consent for the police to interrogate him; the resulting confession had provided the basis for the conviction (“Drunk driver acquitted for drunkenness”, Aftenposten, Jul. 30)(via James Taranto’s Best of the Web, OpinionJournal, Jul. 30).
EU: “Ban sought on sexual stereotyping”
According to EUObserver.com, “Brussels is said to be preparing new legislation to monitor sex discrimination outside the workplace. The proposal could lead to a ban on programmes and advertisements that stereotype women or men.” The idea is to ban “images of men and women affecting human dignity and decency”. At the same time, “safeguards on freedom of expression are thought to be included” — very comforting. In the spring of 2002 it was reported that Norway’s Ombudsman for Gender Equality, whose duties include monitoring sexism in toy ads, was proposing to ban a particular toy ad which referred to boys as “tough”. More: Daily Telegraph.
Essay on loser-pays
The following essay was written circa 1999 by our editor and formerly appeared on the site’s topical page on loser-pays.
* * *
America.
Overlawyered.com‘s”. Not online, unfortunately, are most of the relevant sections from The Litigation Explosion, which argues at length for the loser-pays idea, especially chapter 15, “Strict Liability for Lawyering”.
Archived tobacco items, pre-July 2003
Florida class action (Engle), 2003: “A $710 million loose end“, Jun. 24; ““Trial lawyers get spanked’“, May 24-26; “Court overturns $145 billion Engle award“, May 22-23. 2001: “Angles on Engle“, May 24. 2000: “‘Not even thinking about’ fees“, Aug. 11-13; “Smoking and responsibility: columnists weigh in“, Jul. 28-30; “‘Poll: majority disapprove of tobacco fine’“, Jul. 24-25; “Florida verdict: more editorial reaction“, Jul. 24-25; “Smoking and responsibility: columnists weigh in“, Jul. 28-30; Editorial roundup“, Jul. 19-20; “Florida tobacco verdict“, July 18; “Tobacco: why stop at net worth?” (punitive damage rulings by judge), Jul. 10; “Another Mr. Civility nominee” (Stanley Rosenblatt), Jun. 2-4. 1999: “$49 million lawyers’ fee okayed in case where clients got nothing” (secondhand smoke class action), Sept. 28; “Personal responsibility takes a vacation in Miami“, Jul. 8; “The Florida tobacco jurors: anything but typical“, Wall Street Journal, Jul. 12, 1999.
Tobacco fees reconsidered, 2003: “Senate panel nixes tobacco-fee clawback“, May 9-11; “Feds indict former Texas AG“, Mar. 8-9; “‘Not a pretty picture’“, Jan. 10-12. 2002: “Judge overturns $1.3 billion tobacco fee award” (Castano Group), Sept. 27-29; “Welcome Fox News viewers/ readers“, Aug. 2-4; “Tobacco fees: one brave judge” (New York), Jul. 30-31 (& Aug. 2-4, Jun. 21-23, Oct. 16-17, Oct. 25-27, 2002; Feb. 11 & Jun. 6-8, 2003; May 11, 2001).
“‘Lawyers who won $10 bil. verdict had donated to judge’“, Apr. 30, 2003; “A bond too far“, Apr. 4-6; “Appeals bonds, again“, Apr. 2-3; “Mad County pays out again” (“light” cigarette class action), Mar. 24, 2003.
“‘Nanny Bloomberg’” (NYC smoking ban), Oct. 22, 2002.
Tobacco fees, state by state, 2003: “‘Law firms in tobacco suit seek $1.2b more’” (Mass.), May 19 (& Jan. 2-3, 2002, Dec. 22, 1999); “Feds indict former Texas AG“, Mar. 8-9 (& May 22, Sept. 1-3, 2000; Jun. 21, Aug. 29-30, Nov. 12, 2001, Jul. 15, Jul. 30-31, 2002; Jan. 10-12, 2003). 2002: “Judge overturns $1.3 billion tobacco fee award” (Castano Group, California), Sept. 27-29; “Tobacco fees: one brave judge” (N.Y.), Jul. 30-31 (& Aug. 2-4, Jun. 21-23, 2002, Oct. 16-17, 2002, Feb. 11, 2003, May 11, 2001); “Dewey deserve that much?“, Mar. 6; “Mass., Ill., NYC tobacco fees“, Jan. 2-3. 2001: “Michigan tobacco fees“, Sept. 19-20; “Tobacco-fee tensions” (Fla. resumes investing in tobacco cos.), Jun. 21 (& letter to editor, Jul. 6); “Missouri’s tagalong tobacco fees“, Jun. 5 (& Sept. 21, 2000); “‘Lungren now a paid advocate for his former foes’” (Calif.), Apr. 5; “(Another) ‘Monster Fee Award for Tobacco Fighters’” (Calif. cities and counties), Mar. 21-22; “Reclaiming the tobacco loot“, Mar. 15; “Lawyers get tobacco fees early“, Mar. 5; “Tobacco arbitrator: they all know whose side I’m on“, Feb. 16-19. 2000: “Beehive of legal activity: Utah tobacco fees“, Nov. 6; “South Carolina tobacco fees: how to farm money“, Oct. 25; “Gore amid friendly crowd (again)” (Fla.), Apr. 12 (& “Dershowitz’s Florida frolic?“, Jul. 17; also see Dec. 8-10, 2000, Aug. 8-9, 2000, Dec. 27-28, 1999); “Sooner get rich” (Oklahoma), Jun. 7; “‘Lawyers’ tobacco-suit fees invite revolt’” (Ohio), May 23; “North Carolina (& Kentucky & Tennessee) tobacco fees“, May 2; “Connecticut AG has ‘no idea’ whether lawyers he hired are overcharging“, Feb. 3 (& update Feb. 16); “Pennsylvania tobacco fees: such a bargain!“, Jan. 10 (& Oct. 24, 2002). 1999: “Maryland’s kingmaker” (Peter Angelos), Oct. 19 (& Dec. 9, 1999, Oct. 16-17, 2000, June 21, 2001, Apr. 10, 2002); “Illinois tobacco fees“, Oct. 16-17; “My dear old tobacco-fee friends” (Kansas AG, like Connecticut’s, gave tobacco business to her old law firm), Oct. 11 (see also Sept. 21, 2000); “Boardwalk bonanza” (N.J.), Oct. 1-3; “News judgment“, Aug. 6; “Puff, the magic fees” (Wisc.), Jul. 13.
Tobacco-fee tycoons, 2003: “Class action lawyer takes $20 million from defendant’s side” (Joseph Rice), Mar. 15-16; “‘Not a pretty picture’“, Jan. 10-12; 2002: “Rumblings in Mississippi” (Scruggs, Minor), Oct. 9-10 (& Nov. 6); “Judge overturns $1.3 billion tobacco fee award” (Castano Group), Sept. 27-29. 2001: “Settle a dispute today” (O’Quinn vs. Jamail), Sept. 18; “Ness monster sighted in Narragansett Bay” (Rhode Island, Ness Motley), Jun. 7 (& see Oct. 6-9, 2000, July 17, 2000, Nov. 1, 1999). 2000: “Punch-outs, Florida style” (Robert Montgomery), Nov. 17-19 (& see Aug. 8, April 12, 2000; Aug. 21-22, 1999); “Friend to the famous” (Williams Bailey), Oct. 12; “Senator Lieberman: a sampler” (voted to curb tobacco fees), Aug. 8-9; “Trial lawyer candidates” (Minnesota’s Ciresi), Jul. 6 (& update Sept. 15-17; loses primary bid); “‘Lawyers’ tobacco-suit fees invite revolt’” (USA Today editorial), May 23. 1999: “Who’s afraid of Dickie Scruggs?“, Dec. 2; “Maryland’s kingmaker” (Peter Angelos), Oct. 19 (& Dec. 9, 1999, Oct. 16-17, 2000, June 21, 2001); “The Marie Antoinette school of public relations” (tobacco lawyers pose for photo shoot on their yachts, horse farms, etc.), Aug. 21-22; and see lawyers’ campaign contributions.
Humor: “Dave Barry on tobacco settlement, round III“, Sept. 16-17, 2002; “Dave Barry on tobacco suits, round II“, March 16, 2000; “Dave Barry on federal tobacco suit“, Oct. 26, 1999; “Cartoon that made us laugh” (“….We can’t take those off the market! Dangerous products are a gold mine for the government!”), Jan. 21-23, 2000.
.
Terms of state tobacco settlement, 2003: “Appeals bonds, again“, Apr. 2-3. 2002: “We did it all for the public health, cont’d” (Alabama devotes more proceeds to tobacco farmers than to smoking reduction), Aug. 22; “Tobacco settlement funds go to tobacco promotion” (N.C.), Jun. 28-30; “‘Bush budget surprise: $25M for tobacco suit’” (Martha Derthick, Up in Smoke), Feb. 20. 2001: “Tobacco-fee tensions” (Fla. resumes investing in tobacco cos.), Jun. 21 (& letter to editor, Jul. 6); “Reclaiming the tobacco loot“, Mar. 15; “Push him into a bedroom, hand him a script” (Bill Clinton testimonial for tobacco lawyers), Mar. 9-11; “Lawyers get tobacco fees early“, Mar. 5; “Tobacco arbitrator: they all know whose side I’m on“, Feb. 16-19; “Safer smokes vs. the settlement cartel“, Feb. 7-8. 2000: “Missouri tobacco fees“, Sept. 21, 2000; “Tobacco- and gun-suit reading” (Stuart Taylor, Jr.), Aug. 21-22, 2000; “Challenging the multistate settlement“, Jul. 17, 2000. 1999: “‘Few Settlement Dollars Used for Tobacco Control’“, Dec. 27-28; “Tobacco bankruptcies, and what comes after” (state gov’ts, trial lawyers would become cigarette producers), Dec. 13; “How the tobacco settlement works” (the more cigarettes sold, the more money states get), Nov. 2; “Addictive tobacco money” (states sued over alleged burden on their taxpayers — so are they using the proceeds to cut taxes?), Sept. 7; “Collusion: it’s an AG thing” (terms of settlement cartelize cigarette industry), Jul. 29. Also see Walter Olson, “Puff, the magic settlement“, Reason, Jan. 2000.
“‘Tough tobacco laws may not deter kids’“, Jun. 7-9, 2002; “Blind newsdealer charged with selling cigarettes to underage buyer“, Sept. 16, 1999.
“Sin-suit city” (Banzhaf), Jun. 10, 2002.
“Ad model sues tobacco company“, May 1-2, 2002.
“Australian party calls for banning smoking while driving“, Jun. 3-4, 2002; “‘Positive nicotine test to keep student from prom’” (over-18 student, off-premises consumption), Apr. 26-28, 2002 (& update May 10-12: school backs down); “Judge orders woman to stop smoking at home“, Mar. 27-28, 2002; “‘Smokers told to fetter their fumes’” (smoking in homes that bothers neighbors), Nov. 26, 2001; “Utah lawmakers: don’t smoke in your car” (when kids present), Oct. 5-7, 2001; “Apartment smoking targeted“, Jan. 3, 2000.
“Australian party calls for banning smoking while driving“, Jun. 3-4, 2002 (document retention case); “International tobacco suits: not quite such easy pickings“, Feb. 1-3, 2002; “‘Saudi Arabia finally gets tough on terrorism!’“, Dec. 10, 2001; “More from Judge Kent” (Bolivian suit), Aug. 3, 2001; “Smoker’s suit nixed in Norway“, Dec. 18-19, 2000; “They call it distributive justice” (government of Saudi Arabia sues tobacco cos.), Nov. 16, 2000; “Spreading to Australia?“, Dec. 29-30, 1999; “Israeli court rejects cigarette reimbursement suit“, Oct. 7, 1999.
“Veeps ATLA could love” (Durbin, D-Ill., as guardian of tobacco lawyers’ fees), July 7, 2000 (& see Apr. 25, 2002).
“Competing interests: none declared”. “The unconflicted Prof. Daynard“, April 21-23, 2000 (& update: letters, Jan. 2001, June 2001; Aug. 2, Dec. 17, 2001).
Federal tobacco suit: our views: “‘Bush budget surprise: $25M for tobacco suit’“, Feb. 20, 2002; “Judge throws out half of federal tobacco suit“, October 2, 2000; “Good news out of Washington…” (House votes to cut off funding for suit), June 21, 2000 (& update June 26: action reversed, funds approved); “Feds: dissent on smoking = racketeering“, Sept. 23, 1999; “Guest column in Forbes by Overlawyered.com‘s editor“, Oct. 25, 1999.
“Prison litigation: ‘Kittens and Rainbows Suites’” (cellmate’s smoking violates rights), Jan. 11-13, 2002.
Boeken v. Philip Morris: “Boeken record“, June 19, 2001; “$5,133.47 a cigarette“, Jun. 11, 2001; “Tobacco plunder in Los Angeles” ($3 billion damage award), Jun. 8-10, 2001.
Federal tobacco suit: others’ views: “Columnist-fest” (Jacob Sullum), Jun. 22-24, 2001; “Blatant end-runs around the democratic process” (former Labor Secretary Robert Reich), Jan. 15-16, 2000; “Dave Barry on federal tobacco suit” (plus novelist Tom Clancy’s critique), Oct. 26, 1999; “‘This wretched lawsuit’” (Jonathan Rauch in National Journal ), Oct. 13, 1999; “Feds’ tobacco shakedown: ‘A case of fraud’“, Sept. 29, 1999 (roundup of editorial pages); “Feds as tobacco pushers” (columnist Andrew Glass recalls encouragement of smoking in U.S. Army), Sept. 24, 1999; “Hurry up, before the spell breaks” (leading plaintiff’s lawyer wants feds to sue fast since public losing interest), Sept. 24, 1999.
Regulation by litigation: “Tobacco- and gun-suit reading” (law prof Michael Krauss), Aug. 21-22, 2000; “Convenient line at the time” (tobacco is unique, said state attorneys general — sure), May 15; “Stuart Taylor, Jr., on Smith & Wesson deal” (“Guns and Tobacco: Government by Litigation”), Apr. 11, 2000; “Arbitrary confiscation, from Pskov to Pascagoula” (Michael Barone in U.S. News on threat to rule of law), Jul. 24-25, 1999; “Guns, tobacco, and others to come” (Peter Huber in Commentary on the new mass-tort cases as “show trials”), Jul. 20; “‘A de facto fourth branch of government’” (prominent trial lawyer Wendell Gauthier’s view of plaintiff bar’s role), Jul. 4, 1999.
“Dewey deserve that much?“, Mar. 6, 2002; “Health plans rebuffed in bid to sue cigarette makers“, Jan. 11, 2000.
“Terrorists, American business execs compared“, Sept. 28-30, 2001.
“Columnist-fest“, Jun. 22-24, 2001 (Amity Shlaes on asbestos synergy case); “Best little forum-shopping in Texas” (state’s Medicaid suit got filed in Texarkana, contributing $6.1 million to local economy), Aug. 27, 1999.
“The Kessler agenda” (former FDA chief calls for cigarette ban), Jan. 12-14, 2001; “Kessler rebuked” (FDA claim of authority over tobacco), March 27, 2000.
“Updates” (baby Castano suit nixed in N.Y.), Dec. 26-29, 2000.
“Wal-Mart’s tobacco exposure“, Sept. 25-26, 2000; “The Wal-Mart docket” (sued over tobacco sales), July 7, 2000.
“Another billion, snuffed” (antitrust lawsuit between snuffmakers), May 10, 2000.
“Hollywood special: ‘The Insider’“, Mar. 30, 2000.
“Because they still had money” (Hausfeld’s price-fixing suit), Mar. 2, 2000.
“Tobacco lawyers’ lien leverage“, Feb. 29, 2000.
“Feds’ tobacco hypocrisy, cont’d: Indian ‘smoke shops’“, Jan. 25, 2000; “Do as we say, please” (Indian tribes, after profiting immensely from tax-free smoke shops, turn around and sue suppliers), Jul. 14, 1999.
“The joy of tobacco fees“, Jan. 20, 2000.
“Calif. state funds used to compile ‘enemies list’“, Jan. 5, 2000.
“‘Trial lawyers on trial’” (Trevor Armbrister, Reader’s Digest), Dec. 23-26, 1999.
“Philadelphia Inquirer Tech.life: ‘Web Winners’” (this page is recommended), Dec. 15, 1999.
“Ohio tobacco-settlement booty“, Nov. 8, 1999.
“Public by 2-1 margin disapproves of tobacco suits“, Nov. 5-7, 1999.
“Not-so-Kool omen for NAACP suit“, Nov. 1, 1999.
“Minnesota to auction seized cigarettes“, Oct. 21, 1999.
“Reform stirrings on public contingency fees“, Oct. 15, 1999.
“Big guns” (tobacco example shaped gun litigation), Oct. 5-6, 1999.
“Plus extra damages for having argued with us” (“lesson of tobacco”: you can get punished for defending your product), Aug. 19, 1999.
“‘Settlement bonds': are guns next?” (how Wall Street finances expropriation of industries), Aug. 5, 1999.
Do the tobacco wars that began in the mid-1990s represent an unprecedented triumph for public health? Are they an inevitable response to legislative gridlock on smoking policy? Or are they our legal system’s own updated version of the Gilded Age scandals that brought American government into disrepute a century ago, siphoning billions of dollars of publicly obtained money into the hands of politically connected attorneys? Commentaries on Overlawyered.com (above) may help you decide. In the mean time, the following links offer a way into the wider tobacco controversy:
Anti-tobacco groups, most of which are supportive of litigation as well as other coercive government actions aimed at curtailing tobacco sale and use, are well represented on the web. They include Tobacco.org, federally funded antitobacco activist Stanton Glantz’s Tobacco Control Archives, Americans for Non-Smokers’ Rights, Action on Smoking and Health, and the American Council on Science and Health. Tobacco.org’s links list is especially comprehensive. The empire associated with Prof. Richard Daynard, participant in tobacco suits, oft-quoted expert, and professor at Northeastern U., includes the Tobacco Products Liability Project and Tobacco Control Resource Center, as well as the State Tobacco Information Center. The Castano Group, a vast joint venture of trial lawyers cooperating to file tobacco class actions, maintains a website that is distinctly uninformative (unless you’re a lawyer/member or a cooperative pressie).
Relatively neutral sites include Yahoo Full Coverage.
Critics of the anti-tobacco crusade often note that it curtails individual liberty, freedom of contract and freedom of association. As part of its Breaking Issues series (“Fining Smokers“), Reason magazine includes a list of online articles skeptical of the government’s role in the tobacco field, while Reason senior editor Jacob Sullum is the author of 1998’s For Your Own Good : The Anti-Smoking Crusade and the Tyranny of Public Health. At the libertarian-oriented Cato Institute, Robert Levy has criticized “The Tobacco Wars“, written that “States Share Blame for Tobacco Lawyers’ Greed“, and called tobacco settlements “Dangerous to Your Liberty“; the state Medicaid suits, he argues, are “Snuffing Out the Rule of Law“. Cato’s Jerry Taylor describes the battle as “The Pickpocket State vs. Tobacco“. “The Anti-Tobacco Crusade” by Joseph Kellard, Capitalism magazine, March 1998, argues from a viewpoint supportive of Ayn Rand’s Objectivism. In Colorado, the Independence Institute maintains a Center for Personal Freedom run by Linda Gorman which draws the connection to other paternalist crusades on issues like drinking, seatbelt use and mandatory helmet laws. The Heritage Foundation’s Todd Gaziano makes the case that a proposed federal lawsuit against tobacco companies is “elevating politics over law” (July 30, 1999 Backgrounder). Overlawyered.com‘s editor has taken exception to the retroactivity of the crusade, to its manipulative treatment of children, and to the hardball or demagogic tactics used in the Castano and Engle cases. Rep. Chris Cox (R-Calif.) delivered a notable critique of the tobacco litigation at a Congressional hearing held Dec. 10, 1997 (no longer online).
An extensive site offering an aggressive defense of smoking and smokers, along with a large collection of links, is Forces International (“Fight Ordinances and Restrictions to Control and Eliminate Smoking”).Each base has its own quality value. Assembly will allow only values between 1 and 99 inclusive. A quality value of 0 means that this base should be ignored. A quality value of 100 means that this base is definitely correct and the consensus will be forced to be the same base type and will be given a consensus confidence of 100. If two conflicting bases both have a quality of 100 the consensus will be a dash with a confidence of 0.
Newly added bases or replaced bases are assigned their own quality values. By default these are both 100. The "Set Default Confidence" option in the settings menu allows these values to be changed.
Several keyboard commands are available to edit the quality value of an individual base. The '[' and ']' keys set the quality to 0 and 100 repsectively. To increment or decrement the confidence of a base by 1 use Shift plus the Up and Down arrow keys. To increment or decrement by 10 use Control plus the Up and Down arrow keys. The editor will beep if you reach quality 0 or 100. Finally note that quality values can also be made visible by the use of grey scales for the sequence background colour. See section Show Reading and Consensus Quality.
The cutoff data is displayed by pressing the "Cutoffs" toggle at the top of the editor. The cutoff sequence will be displayed in grey. We call the boundary between the cutoff data and the used data the cutoff position. These positions can be shifted left or right for each end of the reading using the Meta Left-arrow and Meta Right-arrow keys respectively. As keyboards may not have a meta key, Control Left-arrow and Control Right-arrow also have the same effect. These key combinations adjust the cutoff positions by a single base at a time. They only work when the cursor is on the very first or very last "used" base, depending on which cutoff you wish to adjust.
If large changes are required the cutoffs can be "zapped" to new positions using the "<" and ">" keys. To use these, place the editing cursor to the position required (which may be within the cutoff data or the used data) and press the "<" key to set the left cutoff to the base between the cursor and the base leftwards of the cursor. Similarly ">" sets the right cutoff to the base between the cursor and the base leftwards of the cursor. Note that many keyboards have "<" and ">" above the "," and "." keys. In this case you will need to press Shift in conjunction with "," and "." to perform the operations.TOP 10 Top 10 Cars Top 10: Future Vehicle Technologies Back to Top ▲ Top 10: Future Vehicle Technologies 4 Energy-producing body panels Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 0 Shares The world is full of odd couples, incomprehensible pairings that somehow seem to work. Toyota believes enough in such matches that they’re putting their name on it: the Nori (Japanese for seaweed). And unlike Audi's unintended French double-entendre with the E-tron, Toyota’s naming is deliberate. Seaweed is used in the conjoined carbon fiber body/chassis, which is also embedded with solar panels. The combined body and chassis format is incredibly strong and light, and with the addition of the solar cells, actually generates supplemental power. We doubt the Nori will be parked next to Corollas in dealer showrooms, but we bet a derivative of this technology could reach future Prius models by 2020. Next Page TOP 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 Big Shiny Things Tesla Powerwall And Alternatives Read More Car News Trending News: Why Have Google's Self-Driving Cars Been Having Accidents? Read More Promoted Around the Web Special Features AskMen Deals Get 15% Off The Garmin Forerunner 15 Read More ad---UPDATES ARE ON MONDAYS---
This week I made a device that was able to push the hydrolastic fluid (50/50 antifreeze and water) into the system at 300 PSI. What I did was I took a 1 ½ inch pipe I had kicking around then added a few fittings and filled it ¾ full of antifreeze. Next I hooked up my CO2 tank from my MIG welder and cracked the valve. A liquid CO2 tank has a pressure of around 800 PSI so I only opened it a bit at a time while filling the hydro system on the car. Now that it isn’t sitting on the bump stops any more, I can actually turn left and right without hitting the fenders.
I drove the car a bit down my local street and got the temperature up and didn’t have any leaks. My temp gauge wasn’t working however and I figured out the sending unit isn’t grounded. I made a tube with a bung to hold the sender but it’s clamped to two rubber hoses. I’ll attach a grounding wire and try that again. Once I have a working temp gauge I’ll be able to get the engine up to full temp and verify the fan kicks on. Then it’s time for a real trip, keeping local of course. The engine runs strong and smooth without any sign of smoke or problems. This next month will be fun!
Fell free to post any questions and I'll do my best to help you out with your project.[
]
Steven Rowe commented on LUCENE-4476:
-------------------------------------
bq. the auth stuff could be nested here too maybe as properties rather then needing a settings.xml.
we could read that in like GPG
Looks like a {{remoteRepository}} declaration can have nested auth: [].
Note that this strategy would write plaintext credentials into the temporary ant file used
to deploy.
> maven deployment scripts dont work (except from the machine you made the RC from)
> ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
>
> Key: LUCENE-4476
> URL:
> Project: Lucene - Core
> Issue Type: Bug
> Reporter: Robert Muir
>
>Rockfax Description1) 5+, 2) 5+, 3) 5. The hanging crack requires a beefy couple of moves to reach the ledge. The second pitch is a complete contrast. There is a bouldery third pitch for those who want even more. © ROCKFAX
UKC Logbook DescriptionBrutal initial crack on first pitch, nice smeary slab climb on second pitch.
D.botts87 - Lead - 21/Oct/14 with Mark C
jade Edwards Leaney - Lead O/S - 16/Jun/14
Hidden - 2nd rpt - 13/Apr/14
Worth it for the viewmattgrange - AltLd - 06/Apr/14
NickST - Lead O/S - 18/Oct/13 with Phil Tucker
Hidden - AltLd O/S - 03/Oct/13
Andy Hardy - 18/Aug/13
chubbyclimber - Lead - 23/May/13 with Andy Main
riff156 - Lead O/S - 21/May/13 with Jo Smith
1st pitch might be the 6a on the rock. 2nd lovely with thin finale.Chris Craggs - Lead - 13/May/13 with Sherri Davy
Hidden - AltLd - 03/Apr/13
Top pitch is excellent.Chris Craggs - Lead - 10/May/12 with Colin Binks
The crack on p1 needs some powerful laybacking.Chris Craggs - Lead - 10/Mar/12 with Sherri Davy
Shaw Brown - Lead - 02/Oct/11 with Claire Sephton, Judith Neaves
Claire Sephton - 2nd - 02/Oct/11 with Shaw Brown
Hidden - Lead O/S - 29/Apr/11
Hidden - 2nd dnf - 29/Apr/11
Hidden - Lead dog - 03/Oct/09
Tez29 - Lead O/S - 21/Mar/09 with Donnaima
US-Perenolde
Dragon Gate Inn human paladin 90 (armory)
Alts and Transfers: Main Xerana, Empz, Cefiro, Taldarin, Talandra, Snackychan, Zoraya, Aprill, Kumiko, Eryck, Maxxima joined guild
Dragon Gate Inn
- Jun 21, 2011 Maxxima left guild
Not the Face
- Jan 24, 2011 Maxxima changed guild
Return With Honorwith Not the Face
- Jun 27, 2009 Maxxima joined guild
Return With Honor About Maxxima
- Last logout (Armory):
- 6 months ago
- Last checked:
- 6 months ago
common
- health:
- 57428
- stamina:
- 1172
- armor:
- 717
- mana:
- 7400
- intellect:
- 293
- spirit:
- 220
- strength:
- 1141
- agility:
- 128
spell
- spell power:
- 293
- crit chance:
- 19.13%
- mana regen casting:
- 148
- mana regen non-casting:
- 1054
- haste rating:
- 324
- spell power holy:
- 293
melee
- melee power:
- 1141
- crit chance:
- 19.13%
defense
- dodge:
- 3%
- parry:
- 18.56%
- block:
- 3%Safe haven: Elsie, Australia's first women's refuge, in the mid 1970s. Photo: Fairfaxsyndication.com.
Women and children play in Elsie's backyard. Photo: Fairfaxsyndication.com.
Anne Summers in 1975. Photo: Fairfaxsyndication.com, 'Just do it!' "
The group's first challenge was to find premises. One night, Summers saw a segment on ABC's Four Corners about the Church of England planning to sell hundreds of unoccupied Glebe houses to the government for public housing. A former squatter, Summers was well aware of the then prevailing squatters' rights, and scouted around Glebe until she found an unoccupied cottage in sound condition on Westmoreland Street. The sign near the door proclaimed the house was named "Elsie". A few days later, Summers and 14 other women, armed with shovels and broomsticks, marched down to the cottage, smashed a window and broke in. "The next thing we did was change the locks," says Summers. "And then we called the media."
Radio host John Laws interviewed Summers and announced the phone number of the refuge multiple times, leading to the first arrivals of battered women and children. Whitegoods wholesaler Joyce Mayne rang up, asked what the refuge required, and the next day delivered refrigerators and washing machines. Rotary obliged by securing the back fence and supplying playground equipment for the children. Local shopkeepers gave them leftover produce. It would be a year, however, before the refuge would receive any form of government funding. "I dealt marijuana for that year," says Summers, smiling. "That's how we got the cash." The locals at that time always preferred to buy her cannabis "because it was Elsie pot. It was politically correct!"
It was Summers' colleague, Diana Beaton, who in the early 1970s secured government support. "Diana was attending an ALP conference in Terrigal, on the NSW central coast. Diana was absolutely stunning - no man could take his eyes off her. So she goes to the conference dinner and she finds herself sitting next to Bill Hayden. Bill probably couldn't believe his luck, but all Diana wanted to talk about all night was funding for women's refuges. And that night she convinced him to at least visit Elsie."
Summers recalls Hayden's arrival: "He decided to park his car around the corner and turn up unannounced, probably thinking he could catch us out unprepared. After Hayden knocked on the door, one of the resident mothers answered and told him he couldn't come in because men were banned from the refuge. 'But I'm Bill Hayden,' he explained, 'minister for social security.'
" 'I don't care who you are,' replied the mother. 'No men are allowed!' She slammed the door and Hayden began walking off down the street, when one of the workers recognised him, ran after him and dragged him back. He was appalled at what he saw, seeing those women, meeting them, seeing the kids. He said, 'I'll do anything.' "
Summers explains that as of this year, the state and federal funding of the refuge could be put out for general tender, allowing groups like The Salvation Army to bid, and undermining the original feminist ideology of female-run refuges. "That means that men would not only be allowed to stay at the refuge, they could also be running it, as well."
"My partner didn't beat me up," says polly*, a short, thin, pale-faced woman in her mid-30s, who is sitting in the back garden of the refuge, drinking tea. "It was emotional abuse and sexual abuse." Polly and her two children, aged 6 and 3, have been staying at Elsie for several months, after her partner forced her to return from interstate to resolve access issues with regard to his daughter, the three-year-old.
"When I first fell pregnant, he didn't want the kid, and we broke up." She adds that it was only after she gave birth that he began making promises. "He was very charming, and he wanted us to be a family."
Unfortunately, Polly had to undergo a caesarean birth and during the operation part of her bowel was severed, causing further complications and infections. In the following two years she would have four more operations, which almost cost Polly her life.
"As soon as he moved in with me, after the birth, that's when the abuse began. He's six foot four. I'd come out of hospital, right after surgery, already with internal injuries, and he'd hold me down on the floor and restrain me, and then he'd rape me - repeatedly - and I was still wearing a colostomy bag."
Polly was never sure what would "set her partner off" and she was always walking on eggshells and trying to pre-empt his mood swings. Many times he has shaken her son so vigorously that her son has wet himself; her daughter has returned from access visits with unexplained bruises on her arm and legs.
One day when he was driving with Polly to a couples' counselling session, he was so disgruntled about the counsellor, who'd begun focusing on his problems rather than Polly's, that he tried to kill them both by attempting to drive off the Harbour Bridge. "I grabbed the steering wheel just before we hit the barrier. He jumped out of the car and ran away. Then I slammed on the handbrake." On another occasion, he tried to drive the car straight into a building.
When I raise with Polly the possibility that the operations of the refuge could soon be put out to tender, which could lead to men not only staying at the refuge, but also running it, she bristles and shakes her head. "No! No way. I wouldn't be here if men were running it." It took Polly weeks to even begin to trust the female workers at Elsie. "I was in counselling for about a month before I could admit that I'd been raped. I'd been in denial."
She pulls out her mobile and begins showing me photos of her daughter's bruised limbs. "Have you shown the police these?" I ask.
She nods wearily and briefly closes her eyes. "They told me I had a victim mentality and was just being melodramatic."
It's an odd feeling meeting a stranger who's responsible for saving your life. I'm sitting at an outdoor cafe opposite Diana Beaton, 70, a slim, graceful woman with short hair and a clear-eyed face straight out of a Renoir painting. She tells me in Elsie's early days, when they were still squatting, she performed "home rescues" that were more like improvised military operations.
One day in 1974, she received a call from a woman in Newtown who was desperate to escape an abusive relationship: "Come and get me now," urged the woman, "while he's not here." Beaton turned up at the given address alone and helped the woman throw her few possessions into bags. Just as they were about to leave, the woman's husband appeared on the front verandah. "We grabbed the bags, ran out into the backyard, and began throwing the bags over the fence," recalls a still-stunned Beaton. "I managed to crawl up the fence, too, and pulled the woman up with me, just as her husband was opening the back door. We ran for our lives and grabbed a cab."
Like Summers, Beaton is still amused by her own naivete and that of the other founding members: "We had no training, and the perception by the Whitlam government was that we were a bunch of middle-class women helping other middle-class women get out of their marriages." In 1975, as a consequence of the Hayden visit, Elsie received a one-off grant of $24,000 to fund six positions for a 12-month period.
By June 1975, there were eight women's refuges around the country, all operating on scant budgets and uncertain future funding. Beaton recalls that it was Lyndall Ryan, the then officer of women's affairs, who urged her to ring around the other refuges and "get some figures on how many families come through". Beaton catches her breath and glances up at the sky. "Over an 18-month period, we'd sheltered 13,500 women and children. Even we were gob-smacked."
After the figures were submitted to the federal government, the then minister for urban and regional development, Tom Uren, visited Elsie. The residents were still squatting under Dickensian conditions: the refuge was flooded and ankle-deep in water, there was only one toilet, and some of the kids had come down with stomach parasites.
Not long after the Uren visit, triennial funding was approved for all eight facilities. "That was the turning point," says Beaton, smiling.
Today, there are more than 300 women's refuges around Australia, with a mix of state and federal funding. Much has changed. Telstra has granted free silent numbers for relocated victims of violence. "SOS" personal alarms have recently become available to keep vulnerable women safe from threatening former partners. When activated, the call for help is prioritised by police. The device has a GPS to guide police to the victim's location.
"But technology can also work against the victims," says Tanya Smith, the current manager of Elsie and herself a survivor of violent marriage. "A husband can secretly plant a GPS in his wife's car and follow her around - even after she's left him, or thought she has."
Marie and her daughters Sophia and Lucy know only too well the complexities of technology when it comes to domestic violence. Marie was forbidden by her husband Lorne* to contact her family and friends without his permission, a rule he was able to enforce by regularly checking her mobile. She and Lorne worked alone together running their own antique store for 20 years. "He'd lose his temper, drag me into the office, shut the door, and kick me, punch me and pull my hair out. And after it was over, I'd have to clean myself up, put on some make-up, and walk back into the shop to deal with the customers."
Lorne also abused his daughters. Sophia confesses that she recently read a diary entry written when she was only eight: "I wish Dad would let me read books that I like, like picture books, but if I do I know he'll bite me and bash me, just like he always does."
When I ask if there was a defining moment or action that caused Marie to decide to leave for good, the three of them grow anxious and begin talking over one another in high, breathless voices.
Finally, the youngest, Lucy, loudly wins out. "I remember saying to Mum one day, when she and Sophia had to go to an appointment, 'Whatever you do, don't leave me alone with Dad.' " Mother and sister were perturbed by the admission, but since the appointment was urgent and couldn't be changed, the two reluctantly left Lucy at home. During their absence Lorne complained bitterly about Lucy's behaviour. "He didn't think I was practising the piano enough".
When I turn to Lucy and ask her how her father hurt her that day, she begins sobbing uncontrollably. "He threw me down on the floor, smashed my head against the piano, and dragged me around the room by my hair." This is clearly the first time Lucy has detailed to them the extent of Lorne's abuse. Her older sister puts and arm around her and Marie's face is so racked with pain and regret she can barely utter the following words: "That's what made me want to leave," she says in a trembling voice. "I chose to be with Lorne, but these girls didn't. I didn't want Lucy to end up as prostitute on the street just because of the choices I'd made."
Anne Summers believes that there have been many advances in the past 40 years in how we deal with domestic abuse, but when I suggest the underlying violent behaviour hasn't changed that much, she nods her head. "It hasn't changed at all," she says. "In fact, it's worse!" She agrees with me that contemporary drugs like crystal methamphetamine, ketamine and others, non-existent 40 years ago, and which can trigger aggressive, psychotic episodes, have contributed to the escalating violence.
The Australian Institute of Criminology reports that one woman is killed every week in Australia by a current or former partner. Last year, in NSW alone, 24 women were murdered in domestic-related incidents. Over their lifetime, about one in three Australian women will suffer physical violence and about one in five will experience some form of sexual violence.
Over the decades, since government agencies have become involved with Elsie, the day-to-day running of the refuge has become more corporatised. Residents are now called "clients"; applying for funding is now "procurement"; 25 per cent of a client's Centrelink payments are tithed for running costs; and there is a time limit of three months on a client's stay. Workers no longer sleep overnight at the refuge and instead take turns to be "on-call". Instead of being automatically eligible for Emergency Accommodation from the Department of Housing, as my mother and I had been in 1976, clients now must choose between two federal programs: the first, "Start Safely" will provide a subsidy of up to 75 per cent of an approved private rental for up to two years; the second, "Rent Start", pays the bond and two weeks' rent on a private rental, after which time the client is responsible for her own expenses.
When I ask whether my mother, brother and I could have survived on our own under such draconian regulations, Tanya Smith reminds me that today the general waiting list for public housing is 12 to 15 years, while the so-called "priority" list stands at two to five years.
"And what constitutes a priority these days?"
"People with AIDS and HIV," she replies, "the elderly, and those with a terminal illness or a disability."
"Not traumatised and abused women and kids?"
She shakes her head. "Sadly, no, unless they're disabled, terminally ill or have substance abuse problems."
As i prepare to leave the refuge, I pause to ask Marie and her daughters if they have any future plans. Given the difficulty of securing emergency housing, I expect them to be equivocal, but Marie is surprisingly resolved: "The three of us are changing our names and identities and in two weeks we're moving interstate."
"Like the witness protection program?" I ask.
She nods.
"Do you know anyone where you're heading?"
"We don't know a soul," replies Marie. "And we don't care. We just want to get as far away as possible from him!"
Domestic Violence Counselling Line: 1800 737 732.
* Names have been changed.
Join us on taking a stand against domestic violence by sharing this story on Facebook, tweeting #ShineALight or leaving a comment below.
Together, we can be the change we want to see.The updated rankings of the top five NBA players at every position slot each player according to his production to date this season.
Thus, this list does not include injured players like Rajon Rondo, Derrick Rose, Kevin Love or Andrew Bynum.
The point guard position is currently the deepest in the league, and as a result Stephen Curry was left just outside the top five.
Centers Chris Bosh, Joakim Noah and Al Jefferson just missed the cut as well, while power forward David West was tantalizingly close to landing in the top five before being omitted.
At the small forward position, All-Star Luol Deng would finish sixth too, but we are only ranking the top five.My neighbor here at the office is a proper British lady. Well, not really since she has lived in the States for quite a long time and we have completely and utterly corrupted her culturally. She still has the accent, though, so that's bonus points in my book anyway.
So M, let's call her (protection for the semi-innocent since nobody with anything to do with me is fully innocent), is a proper British lady. She manages lots of strong personalities who work hard and play hard; a real fun bunch in a time of crisis. Her position requires absolute aplomb and tact since upsetting someone who thinks they are more talented than they may actually be could create a fair disruption for all of us. Knowing this, I was not surprised when this poster turned up on her wall one day:
I turned to the most highly educated scholars I know (aka Wikipedia) to tell me about this delightful sentiment of "stiff upper lip-ism". Turns out the British Government through the Ministry of Information originally produced this poster in 1939 to raise the morale of the British public under the World War II threat of impending invasion. It was little known and never used (tax dollars in action as usual).
Anyway, a few weeks ago as I was shuffling out the door in the evening I happened to glance in at M's "Keep Calm" wall hoping for a boost after a particularly challenging day. Here's what I saw:
Just in case you can't see it, here's a close up of the little blue poster to the right of the Keep Calm poster:
Turns out even proper British ladies with stiff upper lips have bad days. Well done, M. Carry on!
1 comment:
I've tried that slogan with Angie, but she tends to reside on the blue poster side of life. Typically, two days out of the weekend are 'particularly challenging', so the whole 'freak out and throw stuff' is an inconvenient truth. I agree with the 'work hard, play hard' philosophy - I just wonder when some of us are expected to sleep. :-)Update below.
This was a flippant question posed by Pepe back in the day. At the time I thought he was exaggerating, but now I'm not so sure...
Anyway, check this out. I have a table in Excel that I reproduce below. Someone vetting my work pointed out that for the average 2006 data, if you take the averages of the percentage column, you get 1.4%, whereas if you directly take the percentage growth of the two average figures, you get 1.0%.
This is not a truncating problem; even if I do this right in Excel, you get a different answer depending which way you do it. So you might say, "Yes Bob, if I do it with my calculator with the numbers you've listed below, you get different answers, but it's because of rounding." But no, I don't think that's it, unless Excel does calculations based on the "shown" value rather than the embedded value with 5 decimal places.
So what the frick? Now do I have to check to make sure Excel does it percentage and averaging operations correctly? I've run into crazy problems before where the Vista version generates graphs that would appall Mandelbrot, if you try to change the domain of the x-axis. So I learned not to mess with that; you just highlight and construct the graph on the data you want, end of story.
But now I have to double check to make sure Excel is correctly doing percentages on a column of 8 numbers? Are you kidding me? Someone please save my sanity.
(BTW, the columns line up nicely in my screen as I pasted them in and lined them up, but when I hit "preview" they are squished together. I'm not going to bother fixing it. I hope you get the idea.)
Oil Consumption
(thous bbls/day) 2006
Region/Country 2005 P2006 Growth
========================================
United States 20802.2 20687.4 -0.6%
China 6720.0 7201.3 +7.2%
Japan 5305.1 5159.4 -2.7%
Russia 2757.0 2810.8 +1.9%
Germany 2647.1 2664.9 +0.7%
India 2438.0 2571.9 +5.5%
Canada 2296.9 2264.0 -1.4%
Brazil 2166.0 2216.8 +2.3%
Korea, South 2191.3 2173.8 -0.8%
Saudi Arabia 2000.0 2139.4 +7.0%
Mexico 2045.2 1996.7 -2.4%
France 1988.3 1961.2 -1.4%
United Kingdom 1834.3 1824.9 -0.5%
Italy 1754.8 1732.3 -1.3%
Iran 1572.0 1685.8 +7.2%
AVERAGE 3901.2 3939.4 +1.4%
Update: Turns out Silas is right--I am an idiot. Obviously the weights matter, and so there is no reason that the average of the growth rates will be the same as the growth rate in the average. Duh. Excel is still prone to weird mistakes that will embarrass you, but this was not one of them.
Bob,
This is mathematically correct. Excel is doing nothing wrong.
Extreme example with only two values: The price of a house increases by 10% from $200,000 to $220,000. The price of a soda increases by 100% from $.50 to $1.00. Averaging the %increases gives (10%+100%)/2 = 55%. Adding the prices and calculating the %increases gives ( ($220,001.00-$200,000.50)/$200,000.50 )x100% = 10.000225%.
Yep I'm an idiot. For what it's worth, I realized what was happening and rushed to post an update here before anyone else caught it.
Silas?
Where the hell is Silas?
Silas is in Bob's head...
Welcome to our game world, Hellgate London Palladium , Hellgate London gold , Hellgate gold , buy Hellgate Palladium and cheap hellgate gold , they are very interesting.ASPEN - Some fishing opportunities on the Roaring Fork River might come as a surprise to even the most devoted local anglers. It's also possible they'll come as a surprise to owners of homes perched above an enticing stretch of water.
Paul Holsinger, land officer with the Pitkin County Open Space and Trails program, is slowly making his way upriver, literally and figuratively, to nail down every fishing easement and river access point held by the county. He began at the county line in Basalt.
While open space officials are well aware of what the program has acquired in its 27-year history, less well known are the various bits and pieces acquired by local government through land-use actions that go back decades. These are easements secured through development approvals, platted and then forgotten.
In some cases, easements were later extinguished, which is why Holsinger is checking them one by one as time permits and then notifying the affected property owner or owners when an easement is confirmed.
"We're going through them piece by piece because you never know," he said.
There is fishing along the river through the Roaring Fork Club in Basalt, for example. In addition, two parking spots for anglers at the clubhouse next to Highway 82 are part of the golf club's development approval, Holsinger noted.
At the upper end of the Roaring Fork Club, at the Wingo pedestrian bridge, fishing easements continue upriver to the boat launch off Highway 82 even though there are a couple of private properties between the highway and the river in that stretch.
The easements, Holsinger cautioned, don't mean anglers can tromp across someone's backyard. The defined boundaries of fishing easements vary, and sometimes public access is only available to those wading within the river itself.
"Fishing easements don't grant access through private property," he said. "If you're within the waterway with any of these fishing easements, you're going to be safe."
Upriver from the boat launch, the river flows through the Lazy Glen Mobile Home Park, where there is a continuous easement on the south side of the river to the upper end of Lazy Glen, Holsinger said. The access is from the Highway 82 bridge over the river at the lower end of the subdivision. The Lazy Glen homeowners association has been notified of the easement's existence, he said.
Holsinger is continuing to plug away at easements mapped along the Roaring Fork in Snowmass Canyon and beyond. Once he has finished charting every easement on the river, a similar endeavor on Snowmass and Capitol creeks will be next, he said.
Undetermined is how open space officials will let the public know about river access where it exists.
"We don't want to put up a ton of signs to ruin the experience of being in the river," Holsinger said.
janet@aspentimes.com">janet@aspentimes.com
A Facebook account is requiredMechanical Engineer
Job Requirements:
§ Bachelor’s degree in engineering from ABET accredited university required.
§ P.E. registration required.
§ Experience in consulting engineering designing mechanical (HVAC) and plumbing systems for small, medium and large commercial and institutional ...
May 21 -
Houston ...
Offshore Structural Engineer
Job Order: JOB092400149
The successful applicant will be involved in the structural integrity management (as well as new design) of jacket and topside structures and floating/subsea systems, under in-place and extreme loads.
This work will involve business development, ...
Software Safety Engineer
Fast-growing aerospace engineering and manufacturing company is seeking Software Safety Engineer to provide support in software safety reviews, engineering analyses, and technical services to a large prime contractor in the Clear Lake Area, Houston, TX. These efforts ...
May 19 -
Houston
Junior Civil/Structural Engineer
Job Order: JOB051900181
• 4-10 years
• Bachelor’s degree
• Cadworx, Point Clouds, ...
Electrical Engineer
Electrical Engineer JOB DESCRIPTION:The Electrical Engineer II is responsible for designing electrical product/subsystem solutions. Duties include but are not limited to : subsea instrumentation, power distribution, communications networks in all phases of new product ...
May 16 -
Houston
Engineer-Pipeline Compliance
Warren Averett is seeking a seasoned Engineer for a large Owner/Operator located Downtown. This is a prime opportunity to join a growing company continually acquiring new assets. The ideal candidate will have leadership and process improvement experience along with strong ...
May 15 -
Houston
Sr. Structural Engineer - Forensics - (ID:623)
Job Title: Sr. Structural Engineer - Forensics
Location: Houston, TX
Compensation: Base Salary plus Bonus Plan, 401k & Complete Benefits
Company Overview:
The Company is a progressive, multi-disciplined consulting firm, dedicated to providing world-class responsiveness and ...
Reliability Maintenance Engineer - (ID:608)
Job Title: Reliability Engineer / Reliability Manager
Location: Odessa, TX
Reports To: Permian Basin Regional Manager
This position would require relocation to Odessa, TX
Job Duties:
Tracking and reporting all pump test failures to the client.
Collect any ...
Sr. Structural Engineer, P.E. Required - (ID:623)
Job Title: Sr. Structural Engineer – Forensics
Location: Houston, TX
Compensation: Base Salary plus Bonus Plan, 401k & Complete Benefits
Job Duties:
Perform structural engineering analysis on catastrophe claims and structural repair.
Conduct building investigations and ...
Sales Engineer - Process Equipment (ID:536)
Job Title: Project Applications Engineer – Process Equipment
Report To: Engineering Manager
Location: Northwest Houston
Compensation: Base Salary + Bonus Plan
Project Size: $200k to $20 Million each
Application: Oil & Gas Process Heating, Filtration, & Separation ...
Applications Engineer - Process Equipment (ID:536) ...
May 15 -
College Station
Sr. Product Development Engineer - (ID:585)
Job Title: Sr. R&D Engineer
Reports to: Director of Engineering
Schedule: 9/80 (Every other Friday off)
Compensation: Competitive Base Salary plus Benefits
Position Overview:
Our client is seeking an experienced Product Development Engineer to join their team in designing ...
We'll be sending text message alerts for your subscription totag:blogger.com,1999:blog-784285653010648547.post2339877735204600611..comments2015-05-21T12:43:40.901-04:00Comments on PUMPKINROT.COM: What's Brewing: JennyRot has always been my fav! Well, that and your ...Jenny has always been my fav! Well, that and your zombies walking around in the abandoned industrial area! Ok that new knight you did was pretty awesome too! ACK! I can't decide!Heather have always loved this pic! Great work Rot...I have always loved this pic! Great work Rot...Jason-v one of my favourite props. Ever. And the p...Still one of my favourite props. Ever. <br /><br />And the photo is <i>gorgeous</i>.Marrow a cool poem. Always loved the legend of Jenny...What a cool poem. Always loved the legend of Jenny Greenteeth. You made such an awesome prop of her. <br />Maybe a fisherman will haul her up in his nets one day!Willow Cove great poem. To me , there is nothing creeper tha...A great poem. To me , there is nothing creeper than evil little children. They can be standing there looking so cute and innocent, then come at you with glazed over milky white eyes and a mouth full of pointy sharp teeth.<br /><br />Yours in the photo just sneaks up on you and eats you. Doesn't even give you the chance to run.Jay's Shadow. No idea what came of her...I HOPE so...HA..imagine.<br /><br />No idea what came of her...I HOPE someone has her at their place..and they set her out on each Halloween.<br /><br />Or maybe she was washed into the Delaware River..where a future storm will force her to the surface miles downstream.<br />Rot loved her, to put one of your creations out in n...I loved her, to put one of your creations out in nature like that was awesome. I still think you probably gave some fisherman a heart attack though. Goneferal inidaho!!! BEAUTIFUL CREEEPER!!!..<33333...AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!<br />BEAUTIFUL CREEEPER!!!..<33333333<br /><br />i BET, she's EVEN Purdier when she SMILES....<33333333333333333333333girl6!
KB3MMX
about 4 years ago
136 Comments
Another Great Article Sgt. Smith !!
ryanhatch
about 6 years ago
1372 Comments
I will take this to heart, and do my best while I'm art the academy. Thanks. KEEP FIGHTING!!!
1patti
over 6 years ago
252 Comments
KEEP FIGHTING is something that I learned a long time ago when I was a child. Never give up --- no matter what happens, keep on going to the end of what you are planning on doing.
MissJess_09
over 6 years ago
332 Comments
Awsome tips thanks..
Rookie13
over 6 years ago
2484 Comments
Awesome tips, thanks.
JRich81
over 6 years ago
1418 Comments
Great article!
tonymartinez1984
over 6 years ago
528 Comments
Good advice.
ssberry2
over 6 years ago
424 Comments
k
Anonymous
over 6 years ago
kEEP FIGHTING NO MATTER WHAT? THAT IS SURVIVAL HUMAN IS TO WANT TO LIVE YES I UNDERSTAND FIGHT OR FLIGHT BUT WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN YOU ARE TOO HURT TO KEEP FIGHTING BUT STILL REPORT FOR WORK EVERY DAY IT CAN BRING DOWN THE GREATEST OF PERSONS! WHEN ARE THEY EVER GOING TO TEACH WHAT TO DO WHEN I AM HUR! LOOKS LOKE NEVER
Topgun420
over 6 years ago
46 Comments
BETSEY Great advive. I am trying to advice my 25 year old son but he is not ready for a police profession yet!. December 28 will mark my 30th year in LE and I salute you for 1981 was a difficult time for a female officer. We could not patrol the housing projects of Bridgeport CT without the touch and personalities of our female officers!! JOHN CARRARO
hollyk
over 6 years ago
534 Comments
NatalieR429, I think that has a lot to do with being an attractive female, I have had to deal with that crap ever since I have been in law enforcement. It sucks and it takes a toll on you, I have been there more that I can say. What it boils down to is men aren't quit as emotionally attached as we are, as in, they usually don't care about the rumors, the when they are said about us, females, we do take it seriously. I have had some horrible things said about me and what's really sad is some people believe it and that's when you find your true friends!
NatalieR429
over 6 years ago
414 Comments
The hardest part for me in academy was the social BS and rumors. You think law enforcement would be a little more mature at times, nope there are rude, lying, drama starting people in this profession too. Be prepared to be judged for everything you do in your life, past and present. You are under a microscope ..well until somone new with better gossip comes along. Girls its even harder for us...keep your heads up and help your sisters out.
194
over 6 years ago
16 Comments
i was the tuffest 2 degree black belt,350 lb bench pressing, snot nosed, egotistical, mirrored
sunglass wearing part time cop ever seen...
I went full time and went went away to the Chicago Police Academy. About half way through things were sinking in ! It wasnt just week end fun anymore this was for keeps. My ego wouldnt
allow me to know what the problem really was and I started to have severe acid problems and some bouts of anxiety disorder. When i graduated the academy i went to the midnight shift and thats when it sank in. I was affraid !!!!!!! I admitted it and took action vowing to use my fear to
keep me alive. 22 years later Im still here and love the job even more. Ive been shot and attacked with edged weapons. I won the latter confrontation with .45 slug to the chest of the bad
guy.......... rmember heroes are nothing more than people frightened to the point of taking action!!
CHPFantasy
over 6 years ago
30 Comments
Sounds like good advice no matter what career you've chosen.
dispatcher54
over 6 years ago
22 Comments
A great piece of info for cadets. thanks so much i will be able to use this.Looking for toddler-friendly AND delicious in Queen Anne
Enza's (the italian place w/ play area) is very good. They'll make kids food first, which is nice as well.
Foraging?
I'd love to learn to forage more (nettles, fiddleheads, mushrooms) - anyone know a good guide-lead lesson or other way to learn?
Bagels In Seattle! Who do you think makes the best? Bialys too! Your bagel memories.
Eltana I agree on - best bagel in town.
Hmong food in Seattle?
Did your friend ever open this place up?
Inventive downtownish place
We just ate at Art of the Table last night. It was fantastic - great flavors, excellent presentation, and a very inventive tasting menu for Restaurant Week. The sunchoke bisque soup was one of the better soups I've had in years. Only downside (or upside, depending on your taste) - very empty - only about 3 other tables filled while we were there.
-----Art of the Table1054 N 39th St, Seattle, WA 98103
Upscale Vegan?
Having just eaten there, I can highly suggest Sutra (). Fully veggie, and they'll do vegan at any time. Awesome food, awesome experience.
I remember hearing about a Hmong place in Seattle a while back; does that still exist? If so, where??
About/Contact CHOW |
Posting Guidelines |
Feedback
CBS Entertainment | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of UseFabrizio Parrella wrote:<br> > if FF3 works from ports, to my opinion should work also from PBI<br> ><br> > when I get time I will see if I can find the problem in the PBI..<br> > probably a simple link missing..<br> ><br> > Fabry<br> <br>and Kris Moore replied:<br><br> Yes, when we find cases like this where the port works, but the PBI<br> doesn't, we need to know about it to fix it. Fabry, if you install the<br> port, can you confirm it fixes your printing issue? Maybe a link is<br> missing, or we need to build the PBI with another make option to enable<br> cups to work?<br> --<br> Kris Moore<br><br>=============================================<br><br>I'm writing to confirm that the PBI for FF3.0.4 broke CUPS printing.<br>Deleting the FF3 PBI and installing FF3.0.4 from ports fixed the printing issue.<br> <br>Ian Robinson<br>Salem, Ohio<br><br> <br><br><br>Chief creative officer role builds on toons' success
DreamWorks Animation has promoted Bill Damaschke to chief creative officer, effective immediately.“Now that our ambition has grown into five movies every two years, we really need the focus of somebody who is giving 100% of their time to the creative direction and the creative leadership of the company,” DreamWorks CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg told Daily Variety. “I give so much of the credit of the success we’ve been having creatively to his leadership.” Damaschke was previously co-prexy of production for feature animation along with John Batter, overseeing B.O. successes including last year’s trio of “Shrek Forever After,” “How to Train Your Dragon” and “Megamind.” Together, the three pics cumed more than $1.5 billion, including $600 million domestically. Studio does not plan to fill Damaschke’s former post. An animation industry vet, exec joined the company in 1995 as production coordinator on “Prince of Egypt.” He then moved on to become head of creative production in 1999 and head of creative production and development in 2005. “Bill’s grown up with the company,” said Katzenberg. “This is something that he has earned, deserved and really has been doing, in many respects, for the last couple of years.”Thurston Elementary Chess Tournament allows students to challenge other students
Students will have their chance to go head-to-head against other students at the 10th Annual Thurston Elementary Chess Tournament on Saturday.
Angela J. Cesere | AnnArbor.com
Chess sets will be provided for the half-day kindergartners. All other players should bring a board and pieces. Players in the full-day section should bring clocks if possible. Chess supplies (sets, clocks, software, etc) will be available for sale.
Saturday, Jan. 26, 2013. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. (see website for exact times for each round). $7-16 depending on full day or half day. Discounts for early registration. Thurston Elementary is located at 2300 Prairie, Ann Arbor. 734-994-1970.
brian
Wed, Jan 23, 2013 : 3:44 a.m.
I play chess with my co-worker every night. Chess is the best game ever.Welcome Guest.
[ Login | Register ]
Domain Name: argomento.com
Registry Domain ID: 417509861_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.Rebel.com
Registrar URL:
Updated Date: 2015-05-19T18:19:25Z
Creation Date: 2006-04-19T18:34:34Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2016-04-19T18:34:34:-05-22T09:45:21!We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
Wondering how to find details about Paul Silva in Dorchester Center, MA? Fortunately, PeopleFinders is highly effective at providing people search data such as address, phone number, and email for people like Paul Silva. Also, with such well researched information about people with the last name Silva in Dorchester Center Silva and determine which one is the ideal match. Once you ascertain the Paul Silva you are looking for, click the View Details link on the right side for more information.
If your search for Paul in Dorchester Centeraul Silva in Dorchester Center, MA, go to the details page and inspect all the information that we have.Known for our exceptional conference facilities and business class rooms and suites, Sawridge Inn also offers great weekend rates for the recreational visitor. Food-lovers will enjoy the mouth-watering menu selections at Hearthstone Grille and Lounge. Famous for its Friday and Saturday Crab Buffet, Hearthstone specializes in savoury Canadian creations and attentive staff. If you just need to relax after a long day out, take a dip in our indoor pool or unwind in the Hot-Tub. Whatever your reasons for staying, our Fort McMurray accommodations will charm you with all the welcome of home.
Our venue features over 11,000 square feet of space with 9 flexible meeting room choices, plus, an on-staff event consultant so you can relax knowing you’re in good hands. We are also equipped with comprehensive audio-visual support and offer complimentary wireless access. Catering by the Hearthstone Grille ensures that your attendees will be as happy as you are. Whatever size your event, from an intimate meeting to large conference, these Fort McMurray accommodations are designed to fit your needs.
Sawridge Inn offers lots of options that will give you and your wallet a break. Our promotions offer great savings for both week day and weekend guests as well as discounts for those who plan on staying a while. If you’d like to turn your stay into a mini-holiday, a Sawridge Inn package is a great idea. With options for aerial tours, holiday specific fun, or a little bit of Romance, our Fort McMurray hotel has got a package to suit your tastes.
Home to Hearthstone Grille and Lounge, Sawridge Inn offers a special appeal to food connoisseurs. Hearthstone’s Executive Chef serves up a selection of creatively designed, Canadian inspired menu choices. Seafood fanatics can take advantage of the all-you-can-eat crab buffet every Friday and Saturday nights. If you’re looking for a little more selection, our weekday lunch and dinner buffets let you enjoy a variety of tempting menu selections that are sure to fit everyone’s taste buds. For a more unique culinary experience, Hearthstone offers the “Chef’s Table”, an exclusive, private dining experience that matches an artfully prepared gourmet menu with outstanding wines. Whatever your palate is craving, Sawridge Inn will satisfy.
530 MacKenzie Boulevard
Fort McMurray, AB T9H 4C8
Toll Free: 1.888.729.7343
Direct: 780.791.7900
Peace River
Edmonton
Jasper
© 2013 Sawridge Inn and Conference Centre Fort McMurray
|
| Website Design by Primal Tribe | MOBILE SITE!— Measurement Tag For Dictionary.com – > <!— Audience Tag for IAC Network – >
“Love-bombing” Moonie co-eds have gone the way of bell-ringing Hare Krishnas.
1974, a member of the Unification Church, headed by Sun Myung Moon.
A member or disciple of the Unification Church
[fr the name of the leader, Sun Myung Moon]Calliope, the folk society, has announced its 2013-14 concert series, running from October through April. The shows will all take place at Carnegie Lecture Hall in Oakland.
A quick overview:
Oct. 26 — Vieux Farka Toure
Nov. 16 — Blue Highway
Dec. 7 — Bruce Cockburn
Jan. 25 — True Blues: Corey Harris, Guy Davis, Alvin Youngblood Hart
March 8: Karan Casey Band
March 29: Jake Shimabukuro
April 5: The Steel Wheels
April 26: Martha Redbone Roots Project
More details will be available from Calliope as the season approaches.By John Gruber
From the unofficial Google Operating System blog:
Google prepares a new service that’s called Google Mine. It’s integrated with Google+ and it’s a way to keep track of the items you own or you’d like to have and share some of them with your circles. Right now, the service is tested internally at Google.
Just tell Google everything you own and everything you’re interested in or like. Sure.
★ Monday, 24 June 2013David Margulies Performer ( b. Feb 19, 1937 Brooklyn, New York, USA ) Male Productions ProductionsDate of ProductionsWonderful Town[Musical, Comedy, Revival] Also Starring: David Margulies [Appopolous]Nov 23, 2003 - Jan 30, 200545 Seconds From Broadway[Play, Comedy, Original] Also Starring: David Margulies [Harry Fox]Nov 11, 2001 - Jan 13, 2002A Thousand Clowns[Play, Revival] Performer: David Margulies [Arnold Burns]Jul 14, 1996 - Aug 10, 1996Angels in America: Perestroika[Play, Original] Performer: David Margulies Roy Cohn - ReplacementNov 23, 1993 - Dec 04, 1994Angels in America: Millennium Approaches[Play, Original] Performer: David Margulies Roy Cohn - ReplacementPrior 2 - ReplacementMay 04, 1993 - Dec 04, 1994Conversations With My Father[Play, Original] Starring: David Margulies [Zaretsky]Mar 22, 1992 - Mar 14, 1993Cafe Crown[Play, Comedy, Revival] Also Starring: David Margulies [Mendel Polan]Feb 18, 1989 - Mar 26, 1989Brighton Beach Memoirs[Play, Comedy, Original] Performer: David Margulies Jack Jerome - Replacement (Aug 20, 1984 - ?)Mar 27, 1983 - May 11, 1986The West Side Waltz[Play, Comedy, Original] Performer: David Margulies [Serge Barrescu]Nov 19, 1981 - Mar 13, 1982Break a Leg[Play, Comedy, Original] Also Starring: David Margulies [Imre Laszlo]Apr 29, 1979 - Apr 29, 1979Comedians[Play, Original] Performer: David Margulies [Sammy Samuels]Nov 28, 1976 - Apr 03, 1977Zalmen or The Madness of God[Play, Original] Also Starring: David Margulies [The Doctor]Mar 17, 1976 - Apr 03, 1976The Iceman Cometh[Play, Drama, Revival] Performer: David Margulies [Hugo Kalmar]Dec 13, 1973 - Feb 24, 1974 Find out where David Margulies and are credited together © 2001-2015, The Broadway League, All Rights Reserved. (Copyright and Disclaimer)?
- 80 wordpress themes and plugins and widgets
- fixed ftp, cd burning, zip/rar and OS customization
- a default setting for UI for tech support
- a folder for all the wieird metro stuff - where you can see a folder for every tile
DONE
back to thread....
windows 8 is amazing so was 7
win 10 looks great without the ballmer borders on windows and media - it is sort of slick
but it is square
let us customize it
and do zip right. and do ftp right and cd burning right
what would it be to buy winrar, cuteftp and nero...and stardick 40mil? or a lunch break of revenue?
stop doing sh_t versions of things
then win10 will rock
ps - im assuming the most expensive, popular and highest rated wordpress theme on theme forest - might be a good starter for everyone here. I got a licence for channel9.club
im just - assuming - that means its fine for sub domains as well - hey its a club right? loaded 15 times already...uhhhh... we will see
*the first 2 attempts i used free themes - they suck - so youve got the best - if you look in them
plus - im not trying to go on about wordpress - but if you guys use it - it has so many customise options
i was able to build channel9.club with it - making it look like an os - because of that
i used to try to do that in html... in frontpage (the best editor in the world to this DAY)
i see windows desktop options and its like from 1998 - its a JOKE
* would you like OUR DECISIONS - in these colours? or those colours. Would you like our shapes in square? or rectangle? rinse and repeat
MS has to let go the idea that there will be one UI for all - there cant be anymore
if you look at channel9.club - and mouseover start - the bottom link says Desktop - and the flyout says Default
thats how windows should be.
NO ONE can change default - but you can do anything you want and add more desktops or themes
if a tech suport person is with you - they would say - please click start / desktop / default
and it would be the UI microsoft wants
thats how to deal with it - and move on
*and yes there will be themes for channel9.club - hopefull ymade by YOU...in the same theme template im using for channel9.club - that ive loaded for YOUR websites
those sites can be anything you make them
c:\windows\metro\adobe\
bg.png
tile.css
adobe.ico
until above happens - the whole invisible - new UI thing is a non starter
or if that exists - where is it?
after that - we can do the rest
and i want to chose my own background - and slide it around til it is right for every tile - and i want to pick my own icon - and make it as big or small as i want - and i want it in the left right top bottom or center - and i want to chose my font face style
i want complete control over the shape , look, background, text, icon of EVERY tile
perhaps even control over how they behave - fade options, slide options, spin options
i guess i need more....
OPTIONS
edit - oh yes and i need to know where all the crazy tiles stuff goes... like c drive - windows - metro - adobe -
i go there and there is a css an icon and an image
if this isnt done soon - i do not know what they are thinking with windows 10
it is windows 8 with things moved around
where is metro file folder? let us change everything
you DONT HAVE any 3rd party developers to leave this stuff for anymore
you need to do it yourselves (stardock sucks anyway)
for sure!
how about rounded corners - and a slider all the way up to a circle (for tiles)
k maybe not a circle more like a capsule
so default - square corners - slider up to - capsule
all you need to know about windows 10 - so far:
- it is full of the same squares as windows 8
everything is square or rectangle
it is still a steveb spreadsheet - ballmer is gone try something non SQUARE
is the future really SQUARE???You are my friend | English Poetry | Forum
6:31 pm
March 8, 2011
I am but a moth drawn to a flame
The flame is my friend as it gives me purpose
When I look into the light,
I can see my past, present, and my future
I can see where I’ve been and know where I am going
As your flame burns brighter, I am even more drawn to you
Though you may burn me, I fear not
For you are my friend, and my destiny
I am afraid of the dark
Burn me, consume me, set me afire
But please don’t leave me
Alone in the dark.
Most Users Ever Online: 68
Currently Online:258
Moderators: 1
Admins: 2
Forum Stats:
Groups: 6
Forums: 16
Topics: 54
Posts: 105
Newest Members: Ravi Solanki, Imran Hyder, Md Soleman Ansari, Arjun Dhaka, Mirza Hamid Saleem Saleem, Iesha542341, Gia12327796, Vivek Chintu, Deepak Tyagi, Robbie, Rimmi Singh, ashish singh, Saurav Sharma, Satish Kumar, shaziali
Moderators: Developer: 0
Administrators: The Back Benchers Team: 10, Tejinder Benipal: 11Look what I found in my spam box :D
:shocked::shocked:Quote::
Somehow I don't think I will be clicking on the attached executable in a hurry :bigpimp::DSomehow I don't think I will be clicking on the attached executable in a hurry :bigpimp::DQuote:
-
EDIT:
I tried to take a look at what the file did but my e-mail won't let me:
Quote:
Virus found.
The file attached to this message was infected with a virus that we were unable to clean. You can not download this attachment.Nokia Lumia 920 owners who are getting increasingly anxious about the Windows Phone 8 update which has already been pushed out to the HTC 8X will be reassured to read that Nokia US has said on twitter this update will still be coming this year, presumably in the next week given that Christmas will be here soon.
The update brings several new features, including keeping WIFI alive and introducing SMS drafts and the ability to reject phone calls with a text message.
Users of the HTC 8X are also reporting that Bluetooth is much more reliable after the update.
See the tweet here.
The comments on this article has been closed by our moderators. If you want, you can discuss about this article on our forums.
Visit our forumsThe shopping cart group lets you integrate your site with PayPal, or with iHostStudio’s e-commerce system. To use PayPal, select a button you’d like to integrate with PayPal, and choose Add to Cart from the PayPal submenu. In the dialog box, enter the product name, the price, and optionally, the SKU number. Next, enter the same email address that you use to log in to PayPal. Enter the URL to your site, and choose your Success page and Cancel page. These pages are the pages on your site where PayPal will send the user after a successful or canceled purchase.
Optionally, you can enter ALT text which will display when a user mouses over the paypal button. If you don’t have a PayPal account, you can sign up for an account. For help signing up to paypal, choose PayPal help, for a video on how to sign up. Click OK and preview the page to test your new PayPal button.
If you’re thinking of hosting with iHostStudio, or already have an iHostStudio Business Account, you can take advantage of their full-featured e-commerce system. Choose iHostStudio from the Shopping Cart group to view iHost’s Shopping Cart sign-in page. Log in to your account at the top right, or, take a look at what their system offers. Choose Pricing, and then click Us vs. the Competition to see a detailed comparison of other prominent Shopping Cart providers. You’ll notice that the iHost Shopping Cart supports Electronic Products such as downloadable e-books, as well as gift certificates and other advanced features. For help using iHost’s shopping cart system, they have their own series of help videos. Choose Support at the top of the page, to explore their Help system.Cell Extortion: Inmate Phones Leading to Violence, FraudTue Mar 24, 2015
Can't they just jam the cell phone signals?
'American Horror Story' Actor Ben Woolf Dies After Being Hit By CarTue Feb 24, 2015
Kristen Bell: Get vaccinated if you want to hold my kidsWed Feb 18, 2015
I don't think it's the doctors that are the problem. Perhaps Merck would like to go back to making vaccinations that DON'T use aborted fetal cells in them. I'm surprised at the number of people that don't know they are putting someone else's DNA in their kids' system when they are vaccinated. The et …
Wife, Grandma, Catholic Priest? Rebel Women Defy Church BanSun Jan 18, 2015
Hidden cameras reveal how US soldiers 'shop' for wives to get more pay, benefitsThu Oct 2, 2014
Left Behind: LGBT Homeless Youth Struggle to Survive on the StreetsSun Aug 3, 2014
Mall adds 'fast lane' after girl, 10, complains about slow shoppersWed Apr 23, 2014
Infographic: The Real Costs of Distracted DrivingWed Apr 2, 2014
Bob Costas to take night off from Olympics coverage over eye infection, Matt Lauer to fill inTue Feb 11, 2014
Bieber Could Face Prison Over 'Pot' PlaneMon Feb 10, 201442 U.S. Code §.
Source(Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title X, § 1001,49 Stat. 645; Aug. 28, 1950, ch. 809, title III, pt. 6, § 361(b),64 Stat. 558; 1953 Reorg. Plan No. 1, §§ 5, 8, eff. Apr. 11, 1953, 18 F.R. 2053, 67 Stat. 631; Aug. 1, 1956, ch. 836, title III, § 313(a),70 Stat. 849; Pub. L. 87–543, title I, § 104(c)(3),July 25, 1962, 76 Stat. 186; Pub. L. 96–88, title V, § 509(b),Oct. 17, 1979, 93 Stat. 695; or retain capability for self-support and self-care” after “who are blind”.
1962—Pub. L. 87–543inserted “to furnish rehabilitation and other services” before “to help such individuals” and “or retain capability for” after “attain”..'Likes' are shared on Facebook and Audible.com. We use your 'likes' to improve Audible.com for all our listeners.
You can turn off Audible.com sharing from your Account Details page....
(P)2009 Blackstone Audio, Inc.
"THANK YOU"
PERFECT- I ONLY WISH THERE WAS MORE PHILOSOPHY AVAILIBLE AT AUDIBLE. COM
THANK YOU AGAIN..........................PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
vini00
"Dense historic document"
I will purchase the book. The language is difficult which complicates concentration and comprehension throughout.
Mr. E
"Great book but hard to "audiobook" it"
Even though the narrator does a good job, it can be taxing to listen to. Since I have read the book I was hoping I might be able to grasp the audiobook, but it is still.Nice to meet you here at ringtone download service Audiko.net, where you can use free ringtones for your smartphone. Today we have a ringtone of “Cry” by Mandy Moore as well as 268 other ringtones by Mandy Moore. “Cry” is one of the best tracks from the “Mandy Moore” album that was recorded and mixed by Mandy Moore at their recording studio together with other 6 tracks. You can listen to all 4 Mandy Moore – “Cry” ringtone variations available here and download it for free directly to your smart phone. You can also search for other 7 albums produced by Mandy Moore for all time. “Cry”!
Mandy Moore Cry Ringtone
Similar Ringtones
Browse Genres
American Dance Female Pop Rock Teen Pop
Albums by Mandy Moore
Mandy Moore
30 Nov 2008
View All Albums by this Artist
Top ringtones by Mandy MoJ.K. Rowling, author of the best selling book series in the history of the world, has said that one of her romantic pairings at the end the Harry Potter series may have been a mistake. That’s right, she feels that Ron and Hermione getting together wouldn’t really work in the long run.? Let’s let the author use her own words, “For reasons that have very little to do with literature and far more to do with me clinging to the plot as I first imagined it, Hermione ended up with Ron.”
Rowling also acknowledges that this statement will probably anger many of her fans, but messing with the final romantic pairings of the major characters of any book series is going to anger some of the fans. An author is allowed to feel however she wants about her characters, though. Imagine how well she knows those characters. We all feel like we know those characters and all we did was read the books.
With that small sentence due to the author’s final say in all things her universe, let’s start tearing this shit apart. Most articles are going to let all the discussion, flaming and madness happen in the comments section. I’m not going to do that here. Fuck it, I say, let’s wade in until our chins are bobbing at the waterline.
With this statement, I can definitely look back on the last book and see Rowling fighting with herself over who Hermione chooses, who she’ll be happier with. That tension and back and forth seemed natural to me. The situation was dire, Harry needed comfort and Ron was too insecure to ask for the solidity from Hermione that he needed. Considering the ages of the characters maybe Harry is angling for something a little deeper, but the relationship between Ron and Hermione seemed inevitable. Perhaps that comes down to good writing more than anything. Any awkwardness was placed on the age of the characters, not on the ambivalence of the writer.
Now, is 18-year-old-and-just-been-through-a-war Ron a dude who seems to have it together? Has he overcome his insecurities and communication issues to a point where he seems like a good marriage prospect for someone like Hermione? When I put it that way Rowling’s misgivings make a little more sense. Maybe Ron and Hermione’s differences are deeper than “opposites attract.” Maybe Hermione needs something else. Maybe Ron just isn’t going to grow up into someone that will be able to keep up with Hermione. She’s something of a force of nature.
Okay, so I can see that Ron and Hermione might have problems, but do Harry and Hermione make any more sense? If Rowling set out writing with the intent to put Ron and Hermione together it makes sense that their relationship simply doesn’t seem to naturally end in marriage. The relationship simply isn’t written very romantically. There are hints and gestures, but they come off more as adolescents stumbling through the first stirrings of looking at the opposite sex more than falling in love, or even a crush.
Following that train of logic would alter the characters and their relationships so badly that we may as well imagine a universe where Harry and Hagrid are sneaking off for midnight make-outs. Yes, I am sure there’s a fanfic about that. No, I do not need a link or copy. If we’re to re-write the whole series, even keeping basic characters intact, we can do anything we want. Harry and Hermione seems fairly obvious, so from a meta-perspective I think putting Ron and Hermione together works. It’s reasonably believable without being mind-numbingly obvious.
I believe Ron is 17 by the end of the series, and any of us that hasn’t grown significantly from how we were at 17 are failed human beings. We don’t see what happens to Ron, or Hermione, between the end of a WAR and ushering their children off to their first year at Hogwarts. I respect that the author would like to change it, but I have no real problem with the pairing.
If you’re going to change Hermione’s fate though, put her with Neville. I think Harry and Hermione is an obvious pairing that would take away immensely from the narrative and I prefer that they weren’t together. But, do you know who I really object to as a couple? Ginny and Harry.
The whole thing seems lazy and incestuous. Probably somebody from the inner trinity needs to end up with Hermione. One could stretch for Victor Krum, but it would be a stretch. Harry has a few female relationships with romantic potential. Ginny Weasley is a little girl who has a crush on him. He certainly begins to admire her strength, and she certainly grows out of being the annoying little sister with a crush. They really don’t have much to go on, though. I can’t recall a single moment of serious connection between them that made that ending feel natural to me. It felt like a way to keep it all in the family, rather than being true to either character.
Harry has one canonical romance besides Ginny, and one relationship that I think could have become a deep and wonderful romance. I think the Cho Chang relationship is both realistic and perfectly serves its purpose. She’s pretty and intense and a little confusing. She’s from Ravenclaw, so maybe Harry is stepping out of the house structure and rebelling a little. they’re both young and the whole thing ends in confusion and acrimony, but they both grow up and move on. Sure, it’s a bit awkward, but eventually it’s just fine.
It’s a fine blueprint for young people’s first go at having a relationship. It frees up both Harry and Cho to have deeper, more mature relationships later and you feel like they’ve both grown from the experience. It’s even a nice example of how dating doesn’t have to totally ruin any possibility of a friendly relationship down the line. It totally works, but only if it ends.
The female character who shows a unique and personal understanding of Mr. Harry Potter is Luna Lovegood. They have a few really good moments where Luna shows that she gets it in a way that no other character does. They both have an understanding of tragedy, Luna having actually watched her mother die. If anything keeps them apart it seems to be that Harry is shallow and lazy.
He’s unwilling to pursue a girl who might take a little bit of effort, who isn’t openly flirty with him. She’s as strong and determined as any other character in the Potter universe and has a perspective that proves both valuable and insightful. What better romantic match than a girl who knows Harry and understands at least some of his past experience. And I’m not just drawing a superficial comparison. She demonstrates on a few occasions that she and Harry can communicate on a level that he can’t with anybody else.
It’s a pairing that feels more immediate than the Ginny pairing, and it doesn’t require rewriting any events. Their interactions might need some tone adjustment, but I don’t think you’d need to massively alter the facts of the books in order to get the two of them together. They just need to take a little more action on the connection they already have.
So, if we’re gonna start mucking about with marriages at the end of the Harry Potter series, I really don’t think it’s Ron and Hermione that that need to be examined. They may not be ideal, but they’re far from unbelievable. If any relationship deserves a little rethink it’s Harry and Ginny, and I think there are better options than Hermione.
Oh, and the interviewer for this article? Emma Watson.- JAMES KARALES
Lisa Immordino Vreeland's documentary Diana Vreeland: The Eye Has to Travel pieces together her grandmother-in-law's gigantic personality using the main ingredients of fashion magazines: celebrity interviews and pretty photographs. There are also film clips, animations, and plenty of voice-overs, including some brutally rigid impersonations scripted from the famous memoir. In segments when Diana speaks, she twirls some words around, but barks out others, and her careful lunatic phrases mix ad copy with slam poetry, suggesting she's kidding, but she's not. On her husband, Reed: "The most ravishing, devastating, killer-diller." On Buffalo Bill: "This languid, plunging, wonderful, marvelous-looking man." On Twiggy: "Such a personality, such a kid, such a girl, such a wow."
Diana was a consultant to the Metropolitan Museum's Costume Institute, and before that she was editor in chief at Vogue, and before that she was fashion editor at Harper's Bazaar: "[Bazaar's editor Carmel Snow] saw me dancing at the St. Regis one night," says a voice layered over dreamy xylophone music and stock footage of old-timey nightclubs. "She admired what I had on—Chanel, of course. So she offered me a job. I said, 'But I've never worked before. I've never dressed before lunch.' She said, 'But you seem to know a lot about clothes. Why don't you try it?'" (She did, and Diana's career-propelling column mixed fashion tips with fantastic nonsense. It was called Why Don't You: "Have a white monkey-fur bedcover mounted on yellow velvet?" or "Have your cigarettes stamped with a personal insignia as a well-known explorer did with his penguin?")Posted on 05/19/2013 2:11:21 PM PDT by Perdogg.
(Excerpt) Read more at news.yahoo.com ...
Its really bad when your friends turn against you.
“...Gary Pruitt said the news cooperative had not ruled out legal action...”
-
So when are you gonna pull the trigger, Gary?
Yes. And of all the scandals, the AP's wiretapping is the one most liberals feel can be defended [national security, you know]. Glad to see the AP isn't going to let it die.
Uh, maybe that might encourage them to try something new with the Obama crowd: INVESTIGATE. DIG DEEP. Don't just write whatever they tell you to.
"... and, in the long term, could limit Americans' information from all news outlets."
You mean, cut down on Gov't-served propaganda? This is a bad thing?
It's entirely within the realm of possibility that Sally Sweelies
Will go full abused wife and decide she really really likes S&M, bondage and very, very, very rough sex from her government masters.
and, in the long term, could limit Americans’ information from all news outlets.
____________________________________
Yeah, like that LA Times hidden Khalidi-Obama Tape?
Stabbed in he back. Bush is not involved....must really sting AP.
Hell with him! He can cry all he wants to. It was good with him when his god,obama was raping others along with the Constitution on a daily, if not hourly basis. It is his turn in the barrell now.
Uh, maybe that might encourage them to try something new with the Obama crowd: INVESTIGATE. DIG DEEP. Don't just write whatever they tell you to.
Either that or take the path of least resistance and only use government APproved sources.
After all does anyone doubt that the government can find anything they need to on your computer? Name the threat, photoshopped images of you with scores of random lovers? I'm sure your wife will believe you know nothing about them! Friendly emails to and from know terrorists? You convince OUR federal judge we planted them. Why, we even have backups of the messages from when they were originally transmitted at our little ol' storage facility in Utah!
Obama White House replies "Whacha gonna do bout it, mah biches!"
The president and chief executive officer of The Associated Press on Sunday called the government's secret seizure of two months of reporters' phone records "unconstitutional" and said the news cooperative had not ruled out legal action against the Justice Department.Lotsa luck.
Chief Justice Roberts:
"It is not our job to protect the people from the consequences of their political choices."
So a lefty organization got mugged.
Will they open their eyes now?
Lock and load. Now!
Freep-mail me to get on or off my pro-life and Catholic List:
Please ping me to note-worthy Pro-Life or Catholic threads, or other threads of general interest.
Meaning that if journalists started trying to do their jobs, finally, it would be more difficult. Sounds like Obama won that round, even though he did it through a shocking (and impeachable, for a conservative) violation of the First Amendment.
[[AP CEO calls records seizure unconstitutional]]
But yet the AP turns right aroudn and LIES for the president the very next day- aqnd protects him by NOT reportign hte TRUTH abotu what has been goign on under HIS WATCH i nthe white hosuie
The media has protected Obama like a trained dog, attacking his enemies on command and protecting him from curious minds who want to know what really goes on between those two big ears.
Finally tired of being kicked in the ass by it's master the mutt media is at least showing some teeth.
When it was just happening to conservatives, they could care less or even agreed with it. Now that it happens to them, they cry about it.
You got that right. The AP will bitch and whine and then fall back in line. Nothing to see here, move along...
Ya lie down with Obamas, ya get up with fleas.
From the same people have been ignoring scores of constitutional violations
Dear Mr. AP guy, of course it’s unconstitutional. But this is the first time you’ve ever cared about what’s constitutional. Welcome to the club, come on, grow up and look around you to see what’s REALLY going on.
I am confused and bemused by Roberts’ comment about consequences of political choices. I can accept/acknowledge that individuals can make wrong and stupid political choices for which they are responsible. However, not all such individual choices are completely free of societal structured influences and unknowns. Would Roberts claim that any such choices mute any wrongdoing/illegal actions as far as that individual is concerned?
This AP CEO apparently has a single-focused view of the first amendment. Surely he realizes that it begins with freedom of religion before it mentions freedom of the press.
And they were among the merrymakers when Obama decided he could force Christians, Catholics in particular, to violate their religion.
If they’d cried out against those abuses, perhaps they would make it clear that no abuses would be tolerated.
The message they sent to Obama was that he could do what he wanted regardless of the God-given rights of a free people.
The AP “useful idiots” got punked.
I have zero sympathy for those #s.
AP says the seizure is unconstitutional! When a whore gets goosed, she makes an awful fuss.
Then do something, dumbazz.
Heh. How do you make a hormone?
Oh, lots of things are unconstitutional.
Up until now those who could do something about them haven’t seemed to care.
Maybe now they will? I hope so.
Who did Conservatives say would be the first targets after Conservatives? Why the media of course. All the little lefties that were Obama’s foot stool, they would be taken out.
So here’s AP, couldn’t find a story with both hands if it was taped their butt, and now all of a sudden they’re the White House and Justice Department target, and suddenly the Constitution that is supposed to be so outdated according to Leftists, suddenly means something again. Oh my!
This guy still can’t pull the trigger on Obama. I guarantee you he’ll blame the J. D. and leave Obama out of it.
These Leftists will NEVER learn.
It’s not unconstitutional necessarily depending on how it was done. If there is criminal activity in any business including the press there are legal procedures for obtaining the records. I have no idea what happened in this case. I am just saying the Press are NOT immune to legal searches and seizures
Please, as soon as Obama along with the rest of the left come-a-courtin’, this ‘outrage’ will disappear faster than Michelle Obama chowing down at a buffet.
The left do not care! They WANT an obtrusive government.
Okay. Don't talk. Sue the b******s.
“It’s not unconstitutional until it happens to us”.
Honestly, I hope Obama attacks NBC,ABC, and CBS. I want to their private email and phone records splashed all over the Internet, with Eric Holder daring them to complain.
I hope Eric Holder does a “Janet Reno”, and surrounds NBC news with tanks.
Honestly, these reporters make me sick. Watched them make excuses for the sleaze bag today. Sickening. So pissed I will never watch NBC again.
So sue.
This AP bs is a smoke screen to hide that Obama sicked his IRS on conservative groups to rig the election for Obama
funny how it broke at exactly the same time
also the media trotted out OJ and jolie at the same time
Is this blathering, or did someone at the AgitProp, Administration Press, finally WAKE UP?
Took him long enough to state the obvious. Comes from relying on wire services for his news.
Hey AP...you've been Obamugabe's willing "Pravda" for 5+ years now...gonna finally wake up?
And even then Brian Williams told them it was just Republicans "stirrin' thin's up."
Anyone remember this guy? Arrested for a "video" that Hitlery and Obamugabe used to divert attention away from their unwillingness to save human lives in Libya?
Yep...he is still in jail.
Hey AP, how about doing some stories exposing the lies of Hitlery and Obamugabe on THAT occasion?
You folks at the AP aren't the only ones being oppressed by this administration.
Hey, did you hear about the IRS targeting conservatives?
Yup.
Disclaimer: Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management. All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works.For me, yesterday was an incredible day. After a motorcycle ride South over the Sunshine Skyway Bridge, enjoying the beautiful, accommodating chamber-of-commerce weather, meeting my brother and sister-in-law for a few beers at a packed, outdoor, live-music-filled biker bar with almost a thousand motorcycles parked all over, I fixed a cup of coffee and sat out back on my screened-in porch to watch some sports on my small old TV.
As I was trying to simultaneously follow golfer Gary Woodland through the last few holes on his way to winning the Transitions Championship and the exciting March Madness college basketball games, I felt my frustration starting to escalate. “Poor me,” I said to my two dozing cats who were trying to stay awake enough to watch the boats motoring by on the Intercoastal waterway, “I only have this one TV out here and it doesn’t even have PIP (picture in a picture).” With that, their dozing morphed into something more akin to napping. By then as I was adding to my self-pity, “Even my two cats don’t even care about how much I’m struggling here!”
Then I glanced at one of the cover stories on the St. Petersburg Times on the table and it hit me: there are thousands of people dead and missing in the aftermath of the 8.9 earthquake and subsequent tsunami that recently struck Japan. Not only that -- the nuclear power plants in the region are on the brink of a major disaster. The earthquake was ten times stronger than the 7.6 quake that struck Taiwan in 1999! Further pondering reminded me that as the Japanese government is working to fix the nuclear reactors and restore order, it has asked the major manufacturers to shut down operations until further notice so that all energy can be used for emergency purposes. This, of course, will have major implications to the global supply chain depending on how long these factories are asked to be shut down.
Hold it, I reconsidered: thousands dead and thousands missing, and here I am feeling sorry for myself because I can’t simultaneously follow two of my favorite sports. Yeah right – “poor me...!” Not only that, but talk about a psychologically- and philosophically-healthy culture… through all of this, sans heart-breaking tears of mourning, there have been no riots, looting or pillaging. Indeed, we Americans could learn a lot from these incredible people!
Out of what I believe was genuine compassion (okay, including a pinch of guilt), I opened my i-phone and made a donation to the American Red Cross. While I then enjoyed watching Gary Woodland win the Transitions and see some of my bracketology picks win their games, I did so with less frustration and Angst -- albeit still feeling saddened by what’s going on in Japan... as well as thankful and blessed.
Question: How has what’s going on in Japan affected you?
Bill
4 comments:
What struck home the most for me was the footage of two bereft parents searching through the rubble of a post office for their missing son. Even though I couldn't understand their words, the sound of their grief needed no translation. I went right to the phone and called each of my kids in NJ to say hi and tell them I loved them.
So true...for me it has been the realization that at any moment your entire life as you know it can be taken away from you. So I'm enjoying the small things- clean air, sunshine, good food, a car that runs and a comfortable home.
Hi Barb,
Oh I hear ya… we “Ugly Americans” (including me) have a way of forgetting the value of what I call the “big little things.”
I recall what Dr. Fritz Perls the famous Gestalt psychologist said at the end of his first visit to the United States fifty years ago: “The trouble with people today is that instead of loving people and using things, they’re loving things and using people.”
Keep on enjoying the little things (like this morning, I so appreciated a simple walk to the store),
Til next time,
Bill
Hi Jackie,
Thanks for sharing your experience… very touching. We take so many things for granted, easy to do! According to the research I’ve seen, the #1 major life event is “loss of a child.” I have three and can’t even imagine…!
Good you called your cherubs (I’ve been calling mine more frequently as well).
Ciao for now,
BillAt Trac-Rite Door, quality goes well beyond the product. We strive to make this evident in our service and response to customers. Quality is a key ingredient in everything we make and everything we do. If you have a comment or suggestion, please feel free to contact us in the manner that is convenient for you.
* Required FieldsAs I pushed my shopping cart through the aisles of Publix last week, I found myself trying to bury – I blush to say – a box of cake mix. There it was, a silent testimony to the occasional shortcuts I take in my kitchen. I felt a twinge of shame. But not that much.
Even though I bake from scratch quite frequently, keeping a box of cake mix in the pantry is status quo.
Anyway, the purchase got me thinking of a few other shortcuts I use daily to make breakfast, lunch and dinners a bit easier. You need not surrender to cheese in a spray can or Hamburger Helper to do so.
Like everyone else in the world, I’m a sucker for crisp bacon. Rather than cooking a few strips at a time, I bake a full pound in the oven all once. It eliminates some of the greasy mess and couldn’t be easier.
For best results, I arrange the slices in a single layer on a piece of parchment or foil-lined baking sheet and bake at 400 degrees for 20 to 25 minutes – or until the bacon is crisp and cooked through.
Although it’s not completely necessary, I like to turn each strip over halfway through baking to ensure that it’s evenly cooked. Then I transfer the bacon to a paper towel-lined plate to drain. Once it cools, I refrigerate it, then heat a few strips at a time in a skillet for breakfast or as needed for crumbling onto salads or layered in sandwiches.
Weekday mornings run more smoothly in our home with ready servings of stemmed strawberries and sliced melon. I wash my fruits and veggies as soon as I get home from the grocery store. It takes 15 minutes or less and I can pick freely from my stash for the rest of the week. It’s important not to forget to dry the produce completely and include a paper towel in the storage container to extend its life by a few days. I do the same thing with romaine lettuce.
Another handy helper is to speed up the process of softening butter. Not everyone has time to wait for the butter to soften at room temperature, which can take an hour. Instead, use a cheese grater to grate the butter or put it in a Ziploc bag and use a rolling pin to create soft butter that can be spread.
Even though spending time in the kitchen is one of my favorite pastimes, little shortcuts like these allow me more time to pursue the pleasurable tasks at hand. If you have any ideas you’d like to share, email me at lkessel@mac.com.
Lynn Kessel is a freelance food columnist. For more of her recipes, visit southshore.tbo.com and enter the search words Lynn Kessel.
BBQ Baby Back Ribs in a Pressure Cooker
2 pounds baby back ribs
Sauce:
1 cup of your favorite jam (I used a pineapple habanero.)
1/2 cup chile sauce
1 tablespoon dried chopped onion
1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
Place the metal rack in your cooker and add 1/2 cup of water. If your cooker is large enough, you can bend the ribs around in a circle. Otherwise cut into sections and stand them upright in the cooker.
Lock the lid in place. Bring to 15 psi (high pressure in an electric cooker) and cook for 12 minutes. Remove from heat and use the quick-release method to depressurize. When pressure drops, carefully open lid and use long tongs to remove ribs.
To make the sauce, combine the jam, chile sauce, onion and Worcestershire sauce. Cover ribs with the mixture, basting well as you broil or grill the ribs to complete.
Source: Adapted fromMUSIC
Chris Cornell
Presented by Citi Performing Arts Center at Citi Shubert Theatre
November 15, 2013
Obstructed View seating available. Inquire in person only at the Citi Performing Arts Center box office.
Chris Cornell will bring his Fall tour to the Citi Shubert Theatre on Friday, November 15. He is. the ChildHaven and the program.
265 Tremont Street
Boston, MA 02116
Admission Info:
$64.50.A Monday Of Rocks, Pebbles, Sand And Coffee...
Rave.
A philosophy professor stood before his class and had some items in front of him. When the.!
4 Intelligent Comments:Are you ready for the most quirky, the most whimsical, and the most cute thing I think I've ever made? I know you are! So, here's a little background...I bought this "thing" for lack of a better word, cause it was crazy ugly, at Goodwill. Take a gander at its "before" look....
It had really bad "silk" flowers, lots of plastic, a REAL DEAD butterfly, and some foam inside that glass. I knew it rotated and played music box style music. That was its redeeming quality. I was also keen on the glass dome and the pedestal. I instantly saw through the ugly and saw the cuteness potential going on. I wasn't quite sure what in the world I would do with it though. But, I knew something must be done!
So, I got home and got to work (as soon as my little girls were napping of course). First, glass removal. That did not go as planned. That glass was in there GOOD. It broke, and I nearly cried. So, off it came in a thousand pieces. It was glued in there so good I had to use pliers and a chisel to get all the glass out! This is when I discovered that the butterfly was REAL and I'm gonna be honest it creeped me out. Dead insects, not cute. This is also when I discovered that....get ready....IT LIGHTS UP! Yup, it has 2 "Christmas" style lights going on in there. So, it rotates, plays music, and lights up! I realized this has too much kitch to end up classy, whimsy is the new way to got...I mean lights...are you kidding me!? Oh, and they blink. You wanna see the end result?!! Do ya?! Well here you go...in video form of course (how else can you revel in the glory of its rotating musical light show?)
Nice...right?
Do you love it so much you want it to come play its musical and rotating light show at your house? It can be purchased right here!
Here are some pictures...
Oh my god are you kidding? So cute! What a major success, I love it!
Oh, I wanted to let you know I posted a tutorial for the felt mushrooms from the banner of my blog. I'd love to see some made from recycled sweaters like you do!Kitchen: Replace the countertop.
There's no shortage of potential kitchen upgrades, but replacing the countertop is a sure winner. Cabinetry can be prohibitively expensive. Energy-efficient appliances are great, but most people justifiably wait until the old ones break down. A new countertop will immediately improve your kitchen's visual appeal while also adding convenience and efficiency to your food-prep routines. (Find highly rated kitchen countertop installers in your area.)
Bathroom: Upgrade the bathtub.
Maybe you want to replace the old tub with a jetted model or a freestanding soaking tub. Or perhaps you want to add a separate tub to complement an existing shower stall. Either way, the bathtub becomes the natural focal point of the bathroom. If a new tub isn't in the budget, you can refinish the existing tub so it looks brand-new. (Find highly rated bathroom contractors in your area.)
Bedroom: Buy a new bed.
The reason to buy a new bed is only partly about the comfort and health benefits of a plush new mattress. It's also about the advantages of modern bed design. New, high-quality platform beds don't require a box spring. So you get a sleek, modern look plus increased storage capacity. Some styles even have a hidden storage compartment beneath the mattress.
Living Room: Change the wall treatment.
Whether it's drywall texturing, a fresh coat of paint, crown molding, chic wallpaper, wood paneling, or just a new set of wall hangings, virtually every living room can be affordably transformed with new wall décor. And don't discount the possibility of improving the room's functioning, either. Adding or moving electrical outlets and switches can allow for easier access to electricity and fewer eyesores associated with running cords throughout the room. (Find highly rated remodeling contractors in your area.)
Basement: Add lighting.
This project is a great idea for both finished and unfinished basements. Because it looks clean and doesn't compromise headroom, recessed lighting is the dominant trend for basements. But don't just think about adding artificial lighting. By adding new windows or expanding existing ones, you can add both brightness and value to subterranean spaces. Glass blocks are another great option for adding natural light without sacrificing privacy. (Find highly rated basement remodelers in your area.)
Garage: Change the garage door.
Too many homeowners fail to appreciate just how big an impact their garage door has on home appearance and value. After all, it's often the first thing that visitors see. It's also one of the first lines of defense against home intruders. Your garage door needs to be handsome, sturdy and, if the garage is attached to the house, well-insulated. It also needs to have a reliable garage door opening system. As an entryway into your home, your garage door needs to enhance, not detract from, your home's curb appeal, in much the same way as your front door. (Find highly rated garage-door installers in your area.)
The Best Project for Any Room in the House
As a bonus, we thought we'd offer up this tidbit. New flooring has to be the best project for any room in the house, whether it's plush carpet in the bedroom, ceramic tile in the bathroom, hardwood in the kitchen, cork in the living room or laminate in the basement. Flooring is one of the only home features that people constantly see and touch. New floors can improve the value of the home: Prospective buyers are guaranteed to consider flooring when making a decision. Plus, it will enhance your enjoyment of your home every day. At a reasonable cost, this is the one can't-miss project for any room in the house. (Find highly rated flooring contractors in your area.)It's been rumored, pondered, feared, denounced, and now it's here: The long-awaited massive "doc dump" from Wikileaks related to Iraq. Reporting has started, with The Guardian relating shocking numbers on civilian deaths (fifteen thousand more than ever reported) and Al-Jazeera covering torture, with The New York Times covering all that and more.
The Times put up its lengthy reports about 5 pm Friday. Its report includes many actual documents. On the Iraqi death toll issue, it relates: ."
On torture: "And while some abuse cases were investigated by the Americans, most noted in the archive seemed to have been ignored, with the equivalent of an institutional shrug: soldiers told their officers and asked the Iraqis to investigate."
The Times' overview of the documents is here, along with the Pentagon's response condemning the release. The paper said it withheld some documents and added that the Pentagon to did not propose "any cuts." Secretary of State Hillary Clinton condemned the release of classified documents.
In a CNN interview, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange charged U.S. "war crimes." The New York Times promises an Assange profile this weekend.
WikiLeaks keeps doing this kind of thing better, so now you can browse all the 400,000 docs yourself (have a nice weekend). And a very valuable site from Great Britain called Iraq War Logs has organized subject matter in easy-to-find articles and chunks, which easily disprove any notion of nothing-new-here.
For the first time, Al-Jazeera was in on it, and already out with a kind of "trailer" video that suggests the biggest bombshell may be related to the US allowing Iraqi torture. They say US soldiers sent 1300 reports to headquarters with graphic accounts, including some beaten to death. The other issue: Why Bush and Obama okayed turning over detainees to torturing Iraqis.
Al-Jazeera found a secret order that ruled out any US intervention on "Iraqi on Iraqi" torture. Some investigations were done but no evidence of Iraqis being punished. Some generals wanted troops to intervene. Pentagon chief disagreed, saying it should only be reported, not stopped. Also: At the time US was saying no torture going on, there were 41 reports of torture still happening "and that the US chose to turn its back."
Amnesty International quickly called on the US to investigate how much our commanders knew of Iraqi torture.
Now The Guardian has its first report, which says the documents reveal at least 15,000 more deaths in Iraq than previously acknowledged. It opens:
 Guardian has an incredible data section with maps on every death in Iraq, updated with the new info.
The New York Times, citing a new document, reports: "According to one particularly painful entry from 2006, an Iraqi wearing a tracksuit was killed by an American sniper who later discovered that the victim was the platoon’s interpreter."
The Times reports includes one from Michael Gordon, who has pounded this drum for years, focusing on Iran's alleged aid for Iraq's militias.All forms of the thesis at St Vladimir’s Seminary are intended to lead students into the deep exploration of some new areas of learning not normally covered in the core curriculum.
Proposal
To register for thesis, students must successfully complete the research-writing seminar (TW 205) and submit—at the time of registration—an approved thesis proposal of 4–5 pages, written in accordance with the research standards learned in the seminar; the proposal must justify its topic and identify the problem or issue under investigation.
- A proposal for TS 305 is grounded in a course of readings of 10–12 state-of-the-question books and articles on a precisely focused topic chosen and studied under the guidance of one of the members of the faculty.
- A proposal for TS 310 or TS 401–402 must outline the research problem to be investigated and give a sense of critical methodology and research approach.
In both cases, the proposal must also include a working title and bibliography, which is not intended to be exhaustive but must show that the student is familiar with the main works in the field, in particular those that will be of value to the project. Correct bibliographical style and good English stylistics are essential for acceptance of the proposal. Finally, the proposal must be approved by a member of the faculty, who will normally serve as the thesis advisor, and be submitted to the Office of Academic Affairs for final approval. The Associate Dean for Academic Affairs will make the final decision in assigning thesis advisors.
Registration Deadline. Students who are unable to submit a thesis proposal at the time of registration may not register for thesis until a proposal has been approved. The final deadline for thesis registration is the second Friday of the semester.
The following thesis registrations are possible:
1. M.A. Thesis (TS 305 [3 credits]). M.A. students who do not write an honors thesis (see TS 310 below) are required to write a thesis of 25–35 pages in length, normally in their final semester. Prerequisites for writing an M.A. thesis are:
- successful completion of the research-writing seminar; and
- submission of an acceptable thesis proposal (as described above).
2. M.Div. Thesis Option (TS 305 [3 credits]). M.Div. students who do not write an honors thesis (see TS 310 below) are permitted to write a thesis of 25–35 pages in lieu of three elective credits in their senior year, normally in the fall semester. (Note: The thesis option does not replace the M.Div. Senior Oral Examination.) Prerequisites for writing an M.Div. thesis are:
- successful completion of the research-writing seminar; and
- submission of an acceptable thesis proposal (as described above).
3. Honors Thesis (TS 310 [4 credits]). Invited M.A. and M.Div. students may fulfill the thesis requirement (elective in the case of M.Div. students) by writing an honors thesis of 40–50 pages. Prerequisites for writing an honors thesis are:
- minimum cumulative GPA of 3.4 at time of registration;
- successful completion of the research-writing seminar;
- submission of an acceptable thesis proposal (as described above);.
4. Th.M. Thesis (TS 401–402 [3 credits each]). Th.M. students are required to write a thesis of 60–100 pages. The thesis, written under the supervision of the student’s thesis advisor over two semesters, must be based upon personal research and constitute an original scholarly contribution. Once the thesis is accepted, it is discussed and defended at a special meeting of the faculty, to which competent scholars from other institutions may be invited. These scholars take part in the final faculty vote to recommend the candidate for the degree.
5. Continuation Registration (CTN). Students who do not complete their thesis by the thesis submission deadline, which is posted on the academic calendar (also see "Submission Instructions" below), must register for continuation (and pay the continuation fee) in the subsequent.
Style Sheet
The final copy of the thesis should be read with utmost care, especially for typographical errors. Th.M. and honors theses are bound by and deposited in The Father Georges Florovsky Library, to become a permanent—and public—monument to your years here.
Title Page
St Vladimir's Seminary Press House Style
Student Supplement for The SBL Handbook of Style
Order of Pages
1. Title page. This page contains the full title of the thesis (all capitals), the full name of its author, signature fields for advisor (named) and second reader (named), the partial fulfillment statement, and the date, as in the example under "Style Sheet."
2. Abstract of 200-250 words. In the abstract, you should present the problem of the thesis, describe the method of study or research, and state the results or conclusion. Please write in complete sentences, preferably in the third person active voice, rather than in the first person singular.
3. Acknowledgment (optional).
4. Table of Contents.
5. Table of charts, examples, and abbreviations (as necessary).
6. Body of thesis, including introduction, main presentation of material, and conclusion.
7. Appendix (necessary only in the case of an unusual amount of source material, indexes for cross references, etc.).
8. Bibliography.
Submission Instructions
SPRING 2015 DEADLINE: 5 pm Tuesday, May 12
SUMMER 2015 DEADLINE: 5 pm Tuesday, June 30
Students whose theses are not submitted on time will normally register, without grade penalty, for continuation in the following semester. Students who miss the spring semester deadline may, however, be eligible to walk at commencement and graduate in September. See "September Graduates" under Commencement.
1. M.A. Thesis (TS 305) and M.Div. Thesis Option (TS 305):
- Electronic Copy to Office of Academic Affairs. After the advisor has accepted the final version of the thesis, an electronic copy of the thesis (as PDF file) must be emailed to Office of Academic Affairs by the deadline indicated in the Academic Calendar. The thesis is then evaluated by the advisor.
2. Honors Thesis (TS 310) and Th.M. Thesis (TS 401–402):
- Electronic Copy to Office of Academic Affairs. After the advisor has accepted the final version of the thesis, an electronic copy of the thesis (as PDF file) must be emailed to Office of Academic Affairs by the deadline indicated in the Academic Calendar. The thesis is then evaluated by two readers: the first reader is the student's thesis advisor and the second is appointed by the Associate Dean for Academic Affairs from among the other faculty of the seminary.
- Printed Copy to Library. Additionally, the thesis in its approved form—and on white, acid-free bond paper—is to be deposited with the librarian no later than the Wednesday before commencement. (Note: Students who do not submit the library copy of the thesis by the deadline will not receive their diploma at commencement and a hold will be placed on their official transcript until released by the librarian.) This copy of the thesis will be bound, for which reason the left margin must be 1.5 inches, and added to the library collection. Once the printed copy of the thesis has been submitted to the library, no changes of any kind will be permitted.Square Enix president and CEO Yoichi Wada has stepped down after disappointing sales of some of its big titles like Sleeping Dogs, Hitman: Absolution and Tomb Raider.
“Despite the high critical acclaim, [the games listed] failed to meet each target,” the Sales briefing notes. “In particular, North America sales force was ineffective, ending up with 2/3 of number of units sold in Europe.”
Square Enix estimates that in North America and Europe, Tomb Raider will have sold 3.4 million units, Sleeping Dogs 1.75 million, and Hitman: Absolution 3.6 million.
Source: Square Enix) 8 Pin USB Data Cable for iPod/iPhone/iPad/iPad Air/iPad Mini Lightning - 1 Meter
Description
Advanced Accessories "Protecto" screen protector for the Samsung S5230 Tocco LightOriginal recipe yields 2 servings
Amount per serving ({{servings}} total)
Based on a 2,000 calorie diet
Prep
Ready In
This was quick and delicious. I used about ten mini Oreos to make this. I skipped the whipped cream to save on some calories (LOL), but I think it would be a nice decadent touch. The only thing ...
No homemade whipped cream on hand, I used Cool Whip. I made no other changes. The kids told me that this was the best milkshake they'd ever had. They were still talking about how good it was thi...
Awesome recipe! But if your making one for just you do 2 servings and not 1 because 1 serving is very small otherwise it tasted greatNEW YORK — In another case of David vs. Goliath, House of Dreams Inc., the licensee for Nicole Miller Men, has filed suit against Lord & Taylor and its parent, May Department Stores Co., for breach of contract.
According to the suit, filed Oct. 18 in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, Lord & Taylor had entered into an exclusive agreement with Nicole Miller Men for the manufacturer to provide $100 million in apparel over seven years. The deal, the suit details, said the retailer agreed to purchase at least $10 million a year until it fulfilled its obligation.
However, the suit charges, Lord & Taylor “refused to accept and pay for shipments of special-order goods already ordered (and in some cases accepted) and to complete orders for future seasons, and it has improperly charged back amounts to Nicole Miller Men.”
Last summer, the document says, Lord & Taylor decided it no longer wanted to purchase Nicole Miller Men’s exclusive designs, but misled the manufacturer into believing “that Lord & Taylor was both honoring its orders for fall 2002 and proceeding with the special dress shirt-and-tie fall 2002, spring 2003 and fall 2003 collections, but Lord & Taylor and May Department Stores Co. knew that they would back out of these obligations once it was too late for Nicole Miller Men to find alternative customers.”
Reached for a statement last week, a May spokesman said: “May does not comment on litigation.”
The suit also states that the breach of contract has caused the manufacturer “substantial damages and, in fact, will cause Nicole Miller Men to go out of business unless an agreement is enforced on an emergency basis.”
Randy Mastro of Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP, attorney for Nicole Miller Men, said an application was filed last week for “emergency relief to compel Lord & Taylor to complete the transaction for $1.9 million in special-order goods.”
No ruling had been issued by press time, but Mastro said one was expected shortly.
Stan Lerman, chief executive of Nicole Miller Men, which has the trademark for all men’s, young men’s and boys’ apparel, said his company is in severe financial straits as a result of the situation with Lord & Taylor. “It’s a real mess. I’m a small company fighting a $16 billion corporation. This is going to put us out of business.”
Lord & Taylor and May Co. have until the end of this week to answer the summons.kolypto
PHP/C/Python/JS programmer, MySQL developer, Linux administrator and proud user! :)
CV and contacts:
52 answers
17 questions
~145k people reached
- Ukraine
- Member for 5 years, 9 months
- 145 profile views
- Last seen Jul 4 '14 at 12:18
Top Posts (69) All Questions Answers | Votes Newest
26 What is the purpose of “link-only” Chrome apps? may 11 '14
20 Any beat detection software for Linux? apr 9 '10
15 Any beat detection software for Linux? apr 9 '10
12 Why does't rsync use delta-transfer for local files? jan 17 '11
9 Linux GUI Database Manager [closed] sep 8 '09
8 Linux 'compose' key sequence extensions dec 25 '09
6 Linux Command-Line Bandwidth Speed Tests nov 14 '09
5 Linux SSH client for iPhone dec 18 '09.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.Caramelized Banana and Nutella Cupcakes
FacebookTwitterGoogle+TumblrPinterest
Photo Credit: Susan Whetzel, Doughmesstic
When you need a cupcake fix look no further than these blissful bites from my very talented friend Susan. Of course the first thing that caught my attention about this cupcake was Nutella but then I stopped to ponder the flavors of caramelized banana with Nutella. Yes, please. And because that simply wasn’t enough Susan iced them with whipped marshmallow frosting. I know! I can hardly stand it. I’m swooning myself.
When you’re ready to make these pop on over to Susan’s blog for the RECIPE.
And if you still need another cupcake with Nutella to tempt you, you can also try my NUTELLA CUPCAKE creation ; )
Nutella addict? Get your fix with these 15 spellbinding recipes!Rand.
Robinson founded TransAfrica, which pushed successfully for the imposition of U.S. sanctions against South Africa and was instrumental in ending apartheid. TransAfrica continues to seek to influence U.S. foreign policy towards Africa and the Caribbean.
In announcing the awards, South African President Jacob Zuma said that the honorees are "men and women who have attuned their skills and knowledge so as to ameliorate human suffering and benefit humankind, often at the expense of deserved emoluments for their efforts. We are eternally grateful for their lives and sacrifices they made to ensure that the people of South Africa are free."
Robinson teaches International Human Rights and is the host and creative force behind "World on Trial," an educational television and interactive web series that brings together the best legal talent in the world to argue both sides of sharply contested human rights issues before live juries from universities worldwide. He will attend the ceremony in Pretoria.
"Randall Robinson is one of the most revered humanitarians and human rights advocates of our time. His tireless work in founding and giving life and success to TransAfrica and The Free South Africa Movement foresaw and helped achieve the economic development and racial and social justice taking hold in throughout Africa today," said Law School Dean Philip McConnaughay. "Penn State is proud for Randall Robinson’s presence on our faculty, and we join South Africa and the rest of the world in recognizing and honoring Randall’s achievements."By Karl WeiselSpecial to American Forces Press Service
WIESBADEN, Germany, June 25, 2008 A storybook came alive for German and American youth here when the tale’s lead character appeared in person.
After having collaborated on a video project for the children’s story, “Mercedes and the Chocolate Pilot,” in celebration of the 60th anniversary of the Berlin Airlift, students from Aukamm and Hainerberg elementary schools on U.S. Army Garrison Wiesbaden and the nearby Nauheim Grundschule were treated to a visit by the book’s real-life title character.
“I’m of course much older than years ago,” said Mercedes Wild with a smile as she described what it was like to be a 7-year-old child in post-war Berlin during the Soviet blockade from June 1948 to May 1949.
“We had little to eat,” Wild told her young audience, explaining that the western section of Berlin had very little farmland. And though the Soviets tried to entice Berliners over to the eastern side with promises of food, those in the west knew better than to sacrifice their freedom.
When Allied airplanes began delivering coal, food and other supplies, Wild said she was terrified bombs would once again fall on her city. “I asked my grandmother if we should go downstairs in the cellar once more, but she told me this time the planes were bringing food and coal.”
Wild and her husband, Peter, described the brutal winter of 1948-1949.
“We had no good clothes, no shoes,” she remembers. “But we didn’t fear the cold; we feared the Russians.”
When a plane crashed barely 200 meters from her house, killing the two pilots, Wild recalled everything in sight being coated in white flour, adding that as a child her thoughts were: “It might have been our house … that the plane hit.”
And she thinks back to “being very sleepy in the mornings because of the noise of the airplanes in the night.”
Peter told the German and American students that the flights between Berlin and other cities in Germany were only the tip of the iceberg.
“The real airlift stretched all across the United States and the Atlantic Ocean, using airplanes, trains, trucks and ships,” he said, describing the incredible logistical effort involved in moving massive quantities of supplies to Berlin.
He also described the phenomenal achievement of building Berlin’s Tegel Airport from scratch as the airlift was in progress. “Ten thousand women built a new airport in three months,” he said.
As recounted in the story by author Margot Theis Raven, a young Mercedes watched as planes flew overhead, wishing that one day the tiny parachutes bearing chocolate would find their way into her hands. After completing a suggestion by her grandmother to write the “candy bomber,” Lt. Gail Halvorsen, Wild eventually received a response explaining the pilot was unable to spot her house and her white chicken from the air. Tucked in the envelope was peppermint gum. Although she gave away the treat, having never before tasted anything like it, “The most important thing for me was this letter. … Chocolate and chewing gum were unknown to us.”
Having lost her father during World War II, Wild said, she looked to Halvorsen as a surrogate dad.
“My father was also a pilot in World War II, and he [went missing] early in the war. My mother and I didn’t know what happened to him. … The chocolate uncle became a symbol of my father.”
In the early 1970s, when Halvorsen was visiting Berlin, Peter approached the American with the treasured letter he had written to Wild more than two decades earlier. The meeting evolved into a long-term friendship with the Halvorsen and Wild families that continues today.
And it grew into a partnership program between the Gottfried Keller Gymnasium, where Peter taught in Berlin, and Provo High School, near Halvorsen’s home in Utah.
The Wilds also explained to the children how they learned “American, not English” after the war by listening to American Forces Network Radio. “The best teacher for German kids to learn [the vernacular] was AFN,” Peter recalled.
In 1997, during the 50th anniversary of the airlift at Templehof Airport in Berlin, Wild was invited on stage alongside Halvorsen and President Bill Clinton, where she had “the honor to say thank you on behalf of the people of Berlin.”
“Without the help of the Americans [and the Allies], I wouldn’t be here,” Wild said. “I wouldn’t be alive to enjoy the freedom you brought to us Germans.”
Mercedes Wild, along with Gail Halvorsen and other airlift veterans, will be on hand to meet visitors during the Wiesbaden Army Airfield open house June 29 from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
(Karl Weisel works in the U.S Army Garrison Wiesbaden Public Affairs Office.)Looking for a Cheap hotel in Malvik ?Search through a wide range of Cheap Malvik hotels and make a reservation quickly and easily.Cheap Malvik hotels are easy to find with hotels.com. You can search and book your Cheap hotel online today.View the Cheap hotel listings below and check prices on our selection of hotels in Malvik:
Cheap hotels in Malvik
See Malvik Cheap hotels on a map
Explore Malvik
=
Popular with travellers from Ireland
- )Dear Colleague:
The Committee on Rules may meet the week of October 21st to grant a rule that could limit the amendment process for floor consideration of H.R. 3080, the Water Resources Reform and Development, October 22, 2013. Both electronic and hard copies must be received by the date and time specified. Members should draft their amendments to the text of Rules Committee Print 113-24, which contains the text of H.R. 3080 as ordered reported by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Rules Committee Print 113-24For the power users out there, this program allows you to search protein databases for sequences that match any MySQL-recognized regular expression. This will allow you to search for more than two motifs, and the motifs are more flexible. For example, instead of searching for PXXP exactly, you can search for PXXP, PXXXP, and PXPXP simultaneously with the regular expression "P.+P.+P?". Unlike the other two programs in this group ("Search Database for Sequence Pattern", "Search Database for Two Sequence Patterns"), what you type here goes directly into the MySQL query, so you must use the MySQL regular expression syntax (such as using "." rather than "X" to mean "any residue").Examples: (Karl Rove, 10/30).
Los Angeles Times: Democrats Scramble To Cancel Insurance Cancellations
One
In the semi-disastrous testimony of Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius — with such doozies on Healthcare.gov as, "The Web site never crashed. It is functional, but at a very slow speed and very low reliability," with a split scene of the site down — there was more than a new batch of gotcha moments for the Republicans to gloat about. There is a fundamental assumption critical to not only Obamacare, but also to the liberal welfare state more generally, namely that it requires a sophisticated and competent bureaucracy. In its collapse and in the testimony of Sebelius, we saw that this assumption may simply be wrong. Forget ideology for a moment. If the liberal welfare state can't run its own creations, it is not sustainable (Jennifer Rubin, 10/30).
The Washington Post: Is Obamacare A Job Killer? Yes And No.
Is the Affordable Care Act (ACA), also known as Obamacare,, exempting them from coverage. The Obama administration says the facts don't justify the fears. In a study, the White House Council of Economic Advisers found "no economy-wide evidence . . . [of] increasing part-time employment" tied to Obamacare. Who’s right? Maybe we both are (Robert J. Samuelson, 10/30).
Bloomberg: Obamacare's Biggest Threat Isn't The Website. ... Yet a few days and a great deal of hassle later - - wipe this, reset that -- the devices seem to be communicating amicably again. ... (Clive Crook, 10/30).
JAMA: ).Doug’s Publications
To see the cover for any title, move your cursor over the blue text, which also serves as a link to the Amazon.com page for that title.
Books
- Being Good: Christian Virtues for Everyday Life, co-edited with Michael Austin (Eerdmans, 2012); awarded the book prize by the Character Project, Wake Forest University, June 2013
- God’s Super-Apostles: Encountering the Worldwide Prophets and Apostles Movement (Weaver Book Company, December 2014)
- A New Apostolic Reformation? A Biblical Response to a Worldwide Movement (Weaver Book Company, December 2014)
- God and the Evidence of Evil (Lulworth Press, 2008)
- Faith, Film, and Philosophy: Big Ideas on the Big Screen, co-edited with James Spiegel (InterVarsity Press, 2007)
- In Defense of Miracles: A Comprehensive Case for God’s Action in Human History, co-edited with Gary Habermas (InterVarsity Press, 1997)
- Evil and the Evidence for God, with an Afterword by John Hick (Temple University Press, 1993)
- Contemporary Perspectives on Religious Epistemology, co-edited with Brendan Sweetman (Oxford University Press, 1992)
Book Chapters
- “Can and Would God Speak To Us? A Dialogue on Divine Speaking,” in In Defense of the Bible: A Comprehensive Apologetic for the Authority of Scripture (Nashville, TN: B&H Academic, 2013)
- “Religious Diversity and the Futility of Neutrality,” in Can Only One Religion Be True? (Fortress Press, 2013)
- “Augustine and the Problem of Evil,” in God and Evil: The Case for God in a World Filled with Pain (InterVarsity Press, 2013)
- “Film,” in The Routledge Companion to Theism (Routledge, 2013)
- “Forgiveness,” in Being Good: Christian Virtues for Everyday Life (Eerdmans, 2012)
- “Inside the Helmet: What Do Football Players Know?” in Football and Philosophy (The University Press of Kentucky, 2008)
- “The Knowledge Game Can Be Torture,” 24 and Philosophy (Blackwell, 2008)
- “Escaping into Reality: What We Can Learn from The Truman Show about the Knowledge Enterprise,” in Faith, Film, and Philosophy: Big Ideas on the Big Screen (InterVarsity Press, 2007)
- “Miracles,” in Routledge Companion to Philosophy of Religion (Routledge, 2007)
- “The Evidential Value of Religious Experience,” in The Philosophy of Religion Reader (Routledge, 2007)
- “Two Versions of the Cosmological Argument,” in Passionate Conviction: Contemporary Discourses on Christian Apologetics (B & H Academic, 2007)
- “God and the Evidence of Evil,” in Reasons for Faith: Making a Case for Christian Faith (Crossway, 2007)
- “The Epistemology of Resurrection Belief,” in The Resurrection of Jesus: John Dominic Crossan and N. T. Wright in Dialogue (Fortress Press, 2006)
- “Davis Hume and a Cumulative Case Argument,” in In Defense of Natural Theology (InterVarsity Press, 2005)
- “The Kalam Cosmological Argument,” in To Everyone an Answer: A Case for the Christian Worldview (InterVarsity Press, 2004)
- “Reflections on the Explanatory Power of Theism,” in Does God Exist? The Craig-Flew Debate (Ashgate, 2003)
- “How Can a Good God Allow Evil and Suffering?” in Philosophy: Christian Perspectives for the New Millennium (CLM & RZIM, 2003)
- “The Evidential Value of Religious Experience,” in The Rationality of Theism (Routledge, 2003)
- “A Pascalian Rejoinder to the Presumption of Atheism,” God Matters: Readings in the Philosophy of Religion (Longman, 2003)
- “How Do We Reconcile the Existence of God and Suffering?” in God Under Fire: Modern Scholarship Reinvents God (Zondervan, 2002)
- “Why I Believe in the Possibility of Miracles,” in Why I Am a Christian: Leading Thinkers Explain Why They Believe (Baker, 2001)
- “Some Misgivings about Evangelical Inclusivism,” in Who Will Be Saved? (Crossway, 2000)
- “The Evidential Value of Miracles,” in In Defense of Miracles (InterVarsity Press, 1997)
- “A Particularist View—An Evidentialist Approach,” in Four Views on Salvation in a Pluralistic World (Zondervan, 1995, 1996
- “Es Jesús el único camino?” in Jesús bajo sospecha: Una respuesta a los ataques contra el Jesús histórico (editorial clie, 1995)
- “Is Jesus the Only Way?” in Jesus Under Fire: Modern Scholarship Reinvents the Historical Jesus (Zondervan)
Articles in Reference Works
- “Religious Experience,” in The Apologetics Study Bible (Holman Bible Publishers, 2007)
- “Modernism/Modernity,” in New Dictionary of Christian Apologetics (Inter-Varsity Press, 2006)
- “Idealism,” in Evangelical Dictionary of Theology (Baker, 2001)
- “Knowledge,” in Evangelical Dictionary of Theology (Baker, 2001)
- “Ramsey, Ian T.,” in Evangelical Dictionary of Theology (Baker, 2001)
- “Ricouer, Paul,” in Evangelical Dictionary of Theology (Baker, 2001)
- “Swinburne, Richard,” in Evangelical Dictionary of Theology (Baker, 2001)
- “Wolterstorff, Nicholas,” in Evangelical Dictionary of Theology (Baker, 2001)
- “Philosophy of Religion,” in Evangelical Dictionary of Christian Education (Baker, 2001)
- “Ewing, Alfred Cyril (1899-1973),” in The Dictionary of Historical Theology (Paternoster/Eerdmans, 2000)
- “Mascall, Eric Lionel (1905-93),” in The Dictionary of Historical Theology (Paternoster/Eerdmans, 2000)
Recent Comments$169.99 Buy It Now <1m
The Fisher-Price Sugar Plum Starlight Cradle 'n Swing is a parent's dream come true. The comfy-cozy seat and head support insert cradle baby in cushy comfort as he or she moves in a side-to-side or front-to-back swinging motion. A sweet little canopy surrounds baby and sways along with the swinging motion while 8 delightful songs entertain. When it's naptime, parents can play different music: 8 additional lullabies and sounds calm and soothe baby. With the flick of a switch, a magical starry night light show projects onto the canopy, making the scene perfect for floating off to dreamland.
The swing can be powered using batteries or via any standard wall outlet with the included AC adapter.
Product Weight: 22
Product Dimensions(in inches): 25.40 X 15.00 X 13.70: 7922884
UID: E5A4E26B.
Thank you for shopping with us: swings, gears, activity, baby gear, 10723gear, fpgwp0928 GenderGirl Char/Theme Sugar Plum Brand Fisher-Price!
© 2008-2015 PicClick LLC.No Items
There is nothing to display yet, check back soon.
I have a strange new found love for Niki Minaj. Music is a big part of my life. I have a terminal lung disease which limits a lot of physical activity & it has actually given me more personal time to explore some of my old passions like music. In the last 6 months I've really gotten back to my old hip hop roots & discovered Niki Minaj. I absolutely love her and every thing she stands for. All though I'm not overly thrilled with some of her outfit choices but at the same time I think that's what makes her so unique.
There is nothing to display yet, check back soon.
There is nothing to display yet, check back soon.
I haven’t added this to my profile yet
There is nothing to display yet, check back soon.
On Sun, Dec 2, 2012 at 10:59 PM, GnomeStar said:
Thank you GODfirst7 for your warm welcome. I'm all new to this and I'm not too good at it! If you see this could you request me as a friend as I'm still trying to find my feet. As for Miss Minaj, I think she is absolutely incredible. I thought I'd out grown all this fan club, following & obsession stuff 10 years ago! But the more I saw & heard her I developed this strange new obsession. I love & respect everything she represents.
Reply • Message GnomeStar
On Sun, Dec 2, 2012 at 9:59 PM, GODfirst7 said:
Welcome beautiful barb
#TeamMinaj! 4Life.
Reply • Message GODfirst7My friend Claire was gracious enough to let us share the notes that she took at the 2011 GIG Conference. I was generally too busy running errands, helping with the kids, helping the vendors, or helping Sara with Roben Ryberg’s cooking demo. I didn’t really hear any of the speakers.
Claire’s notes:
The 2011 GIG Convention was held at the Gaylord Palms Hotel in Orlando, FL for 2
days in early July. Speakers covered various topics related to Celiac Disease and the
widening spectrum of Gluten Sensitivity.
Dr Tom O’Bryan, DC, CCN, DACBN spoke to the entire conference after breakfast on
Friday. In June, 2011, the 13th International Symposium on Celiac Disease was held in
Oslo. He talked about issues discussed at the conference.
*Currrently, a diagnosis of Celiac Disease is made with positive serological
studies that measure reactions to the peptide gliadin found in the wheat molecule and a
small bowel mucosal villous atrophy with crypt hyperplasia that recovers on a gluten-
free diet. He described the villi as a “shag carpet”.
*There are many patients who have normal blood serology and a “shag carpet”
showing no damage. However under the surface layer of cells, inflammatory cells can
be seen. These patients may find relief of symptoms by going on a gluten free diet.
Often these individuals are diagnosed as Gluten Intolerant.
The International Symposium has named Gluten Sensitivity as a BROAD spectrum.
Described as an umbrella, with CD- the intestinal damage in reaction to the gliadin
portion of the wheat molecule as just one manifestation . It is now suspected that those
with Gluten Sensitivity may be reacting to other peptides within the wheat molecule.
There are over 50! Current lab studies were developed to measure the reaction to just
the gliadin portion of the molecule.
Dr. Guandalini, MD
*research has begun to find strategies that prevent Celiac Disease. It is
increasingly common, the diet is hard to follow, 30% do not fully respond to the diet, and
5 % develop refractory CD. Note from Cassandra: the diet is not “hard to follow”. It takes some time and effort to really understand it, and it takes the desire to keep your body healthy, above the desire to fit in.
*Undiagnosed and untreated CD is associated with an increased morbidity and
mortality EVEN when symptoms are minimal or none, and inflammation of the intestine
is mild.
*Prevalence in the USA is increasing and doubles every 20 years!
*Studies are underway looking at breastfeeding and when to introduce gluten.
*Does microbiome influence onset? (Gut bacteria)
*Do rotoviruses play a role?
*Can strategies beyond the GFD be developed?
*Can tests be developed to make a definite diagnosis in patients who have
started the diet without a diagnosis?
He also spoke on Gluten Sensitivity: there are no objective markers. Preliminary data
show such patients to have a “stressed” intestinal lining. The aim is to identify objective
diagnostic markers to diagnose and treat gluten sensitivity.
Dr Cynthia Rudert, MD, FACP- Medical Advisor, Celiac Disease Foundation, Gluten
Intolerance Group–discussed all the various symptoms and “the iceberg”. Those
diagnosed are above the waterline. Underneath the waterline are large numbers.
Patients with IgA antibody deficiency have a 31 FOLD INCREASED RISK OF CD!
Dr Theologos Malahias, DDS- discussed various presentations of CD throughout the
body, zeroing in on dental effects.
*effects may include color, affect enamel, delay eruption of teeth, and apthous
ulcers. He showed pictures of various dental problems.
*Research is showing defects are common among patients with CD. They tend
to be bilateral, symmetrical and affect mainly incisors and the molars.
*Cited 2 instances of children with dental enamel defects with negative
serologies for CD. BUT, both mothers tested positive for CD.
*Major dental product manufacturers of dental adhesives, impression materials,
restorative materials and toothpastes DO NOT include gluten in their products.
However, due to marketing and multitude of companies one should call when in doubt.
Julie Starkel, MS, MBA, RD/CD- discussed allergies and sensitivities.
*an allergy can cause anaphylaxis- a serious medical issue!, eosinophilic
esophagitis, food protein induced entercolitis and oral allergy syndrome.
*Sensitivities are NOT life threatening. Chronically, they can tax the immune
system. Sensitivities are documented in history as far back as Hippocrates in 400 BC!
Allergies are common in Children, Sensitivites more common in adults.
Also presented were talks on social issues as a child, teenager, adult. A presentation
was made on travel with CD and strategies to stay healthy while away from home, and
vitamin replenishment.
(I was not at all of these presentations- they were either in conflict with another I
attended, or when I volunteered to check tickets at the door. Some of the files I could
not open either on the IMAC or the Windows notebook)
As always with a GIG conference, there are old friends, new friends and lots of
wonderful food. The exhibit hall had rows of food to sample from favorite and new vendors, cookbooks, coupons and cooking demos on the stage.
15th International Celiac Symposium
Chicago, Illinois
September 22-25, 2013
ICDS2013.orgMovies
The Howards of Virginia (1940)
Description: Beautiful.
Movie summaries and listings powered by Cinema-SourceTickets for Johan Santana’s no-hitter are selling for more than future Mets game tickets
Jun 7, 2012, 8:53 AM EDT
Ever since the Marlins did that thing where they sold the un-sold tickets to Roy Halladay‘s.
- danielponce - Jun 7, 2012 at 9:04 AM
perfect game*
-
- 4letterman - Jun 7, 2012 at 10:44 AM
Sorry, it was a no hitter. Big difference
-
- chill1184 - Jun 7, 2012 at 11:19 AM
Shhhhh logic isn’t accepted by the trolls of HBT.
-
- sdelmonte - Jun 7, 2012 at 9:06 AM
People are buying in case time travel is perfected, clearly.
-
- hasbeen5 - Jun 7, 2012 at 9:27 AM
I don’t think I’d want a ticket to a game I didn’t attend.
-
- Old Gator - Jun 7, 2012 at 10:21 AM
Are the ones with the asterisks on them worth any more than the ones without?
-
- euie48 - Jun 7, 2012 at 11:22 AM
Umpire-assisted no-hitter tickets should be worthless…
-
- steelymcbeam6 - Jun 7, 2012 at 12:07 PM
If they call johans a no hitter when it wasnt then why not call gallaragas a perfect game when it was?
-
- Chris Fiorentino - Jun 7, 2012 at 12:16 PM
I am surprised that tickets to Johan’s CG one-hitter are being sold for so much. I guess because it is the MY Mutts and they haven’t had anything else to really celebrate in what, like 26 years, they are going gaga over it. Oh well…to each his or her)Please choose a body region on the right for you to pin point the problem area of your body.
Shop by Condition
Shop by Brand
For Medical Professional
Homecare > Personal Hygiene > Dental/ Oral Hygiene > Toothette Swabs >
Our Toothette® Oral Care Systems come conveniently packaged with everything you need for a clean, healthy mouth. Our…December 16, 2010
Puppy Training & Care : Puppy Physical Therapy Products
Puppies need a lot of exercise, so buy toys that promote good physical health, such as rope bones. Avoid playing tug-of-war with puppies with pet care advice from a veterinarian in this free video on dog training and raising puppies. Expert: Dr. James Talbott Bio: Dr. James R. Talbott is a staff veterinarian at Belle Forest Animal Hospital and Kennel in Nashville, Tenn. Filmmaker: Dimitri LaBarge
Filed under Health Care by on Dec 16th, 2010.
Heads up Effingham County
Bulloch County manager resigns post
Scott Wood, hired as county's first manager in 1991, will leave $120,000-a-year job at month's end.
Local nursing home cited for poor care
State and federal officials have cited a Savannah nursing home for substandard care and are seeking more than $50,000 in fines.
Urgent need for donors, blood banks say
Saying their supplies are dangerously low, two area blood banks appealed for donors.
'A Night Out' with the candidates
It's tough to get attention when you're competing with a hot air balloon, a helicopter and dancing rollerskaters, but the candidates tried their best Tuesday night.
Council bans cruising
Aldermen unanimously pass the first of several expected quality-of-life ordinances.
Liberty shelter rescued for now
Infusion of donated cash will get animals through the rest of the year.
Tears of anguish, tears of joy
Emotions run gamut as Fort Stewart says "goodbye" and "welcome home."
Ecologists gathering at the river
Week-long conference sets a record for the trade center.
Bond set for accused killer
One of four suspects in Norby slaying has bond set at $665,000.
Basic CAT fare to rise; other hikes delayed
There was both good news and bad news for bus riders coming out of today's Chatham County Commission meeting..
Severe consequences lie ahead for some county schools, state says
School district doubts data's accuracy, and eagerly awaits the raw numbers for their own analysis.
Budget highlights today's commission meeting
Proposed hike in CAT fares -- with 25-cent charge for shuttles -- also on agenda.
Fort Stewart welcomes new officers
It happens every year at Fort Stewart and Hunter Army Airfield.
Building delays will cause opening-day inconveniences
Major construction projects at Springfield, Rincon and Guyton elementary schools will continue after classes start Monday, inconveniencing students, teachers and parents, but otherwise won't affect operations, officials say.
Workshop begins application process
The timing might be great for buying a home, but the process isn't any easier.
Guyton weighs options in water spat
Guyton is eying its legal options in Rincon's lawsuit against Effingham County Commissioners over providing water and sewer services in unincorporated areas around local municipalities.
Midway man inducted into Ranger Hall of Fame
William H. Acebes, a retired Army command sergeant major, was inducted into the U.S. Army Ranger Hall of Fame during a Wednesday ceremony at Fort Benning.
Fort Stewart welcomes new officers
It happens every year at Fort Stewart and Hunter Army Airfield.
Pediatricians adding obesity screening to back-to-school checkups
Medical association asks doctors to look at children's body-mass index.
Odell slaying case goes to jury
Joseph Jackson is the first defendant to go to trial in the December shooting death of the county commissioner's son.
Sides find common ground on walking tours
Latest meeting to review tour guidelines was more amicable than previous meeting.
Atlanta, Warner Robins, Thomson: Wandering bear on the road again
THOMSON -- They called her a nuisance in Gatlinburg, Tenn., where she rummaged through trash cans and annoyed tourists.
Man convicted in Odell slaying
Joseph Jackson was sentenced to 20 years for his involvement in the December shooting.
Editorial: Spending restraint needed
LAST YEAR, when Chatham County commissioners finally approved their annual budget, they made cuts that in effect reduced the size of county government, eliminated a financial shortfall and began to build a financial reserve.
Editorial: North Korea blinks
CALL THE Bush administration stubborn, persistent or intransigent on North Korea, but driving a hard bargain with Pyongyang has finally produced the first evidence of progress in a rapidly escalating crisis on the peninsula.
Freshman receiver turning heads at UGA practice
ATHENS -- Damien Gary has more receptions than any returning Georgia player.
Braves pitching finally coming out of hibernation
MILWAUKEE -- Perhaps the Braves' starting rotation won't take a back seat to the offense this October after all.
Eagles football team welcomes speedy ex-Gator
Wide receiver Reggie McCutchen had a reputation before he took his first step on Georgia Southern's football practice field Thursday.
Guidera: Haworth comeback begins in earnest
The weight felt good in Cheryl Haworth's hands Thursday, the way a cigarette would to a smoker after a two-month abstinence.
NASCAR: Strategy vs. Speed
The race doesn't go the swiftest, now it's track position.
Braves pummel Brewers with five-homer night
MILWAUKEE -- Before the public address announcer at Miller Park delivers the visiting team's lineup, the Brewers play a scene from "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" on the center field video board.
UGA notes: Everybody's happy with Richt's $1.5 million deal
ATHENS -- Mark Richt says he's happy to be at Georgia, and the Bulldogs are certainly happy to have the reigning Southeastern Conference Coach of the Year..
Hampton give Brewers that sinking feeling in 7-1 win for Braves
MILWAUKEE -- After two years in Colorado, a hearse was backed up to Mike Hampton's locker and a R.I.P. was placed on his career.
Georgia Tech sigh of relief: 'Everybody's eligible'
ATLANTA -- After a summer of worry, Georgia Tech head coach Chan Gailey could smile when talking about his players' grades on Wednesday..
Guidera: Chatham County Amateur Championships to be held
Applications are being accepted for the Third Annual Chatham County Amateur Championship, which will be played at the Henderson Golf Club Aug. 23 and 24.
Racing Newsmaker Q&A with Robbie Reiser
WATKINS GLEN, N.Y. -- Robbie Reiser is the crew chief for NASCAR Winston Cup Series points leader Matt Kenseth.
Eagles report to campus, look forward to today's first practice
Georgia Southern coach Mike Sewak greeted his 2003 football players Wednesday as they arrived on campus and checked into their dorms.
UGA's new starting linebackers ready for prime time
Based on numbers alone, Georgia's linebackers would seem to be in big trouble this season.
SSU: Still on deck
SSU's Rigdon continues to wait as school looks into charges of wrongdoing..
Brady survives Jaguars' salary-cap purge for now
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Kyle Brady is a survivor..
Savannah Morning News © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Privacy PolicyGas Water Heater Control – Compare Prices on Gas Water Heater
Gas Water Heater Control – 293 products for Gas Water Heater Control like Jandy Legacy 175K BTU Natural Gas Pool Heater, GU195M On-Demand Hybrid Condensing Gas Fired
Tankless Water Heater | Tankless Hot Water Heater
Noritz tankless water heaters provide an endless supply of hot water on demand. Our gas tankless water heater provides hot water as needed, saving energy and money.
Home & Kitchen Appliences – Gas Hot Water Heater Troubleshooting
Gas Hot Water Heater Troubleshooting How to Fix and solve Gas Water Heater problems Common Symptoms, Problems and DIY Repairs. Before you do fraction gas hot water
Rheem 40 gallon gas water heater in Plumbing Supplies at Bizrate
Best prices on Rheem 40 gallon gas water heater in Plumbing Supplies online. Visit Bizrate to find the best deals on Plumbing Supplies from . See which Home & Garden
Gas Water Heater 60 Gallon – Compare Prices on Gas Water Heater 60
SquareTrade AP6.0 High Efficiency Gas Water Heater Manufacturer:Lochinvar Model:LTL065G (Liquid Propane) Retail: $1395 Condition: NEW – in box.
Gas Tankless Water Heater
Go Tankless. Go With The Best. Sylvan Gas Tankless Water Heaters The Tankless Edge. The ultimate solution to all you water-heating needs. Get an endless supply of hot
American Water Heater | Residential Gas Water Heater | PROLine
American Water Heater | Residential Gas Water Heater | PROLine® Mobile Home Sealed Combustion | 40 Gallon
Gas water heater | Shop gas water heater sales & prices at TheFind
Lowe's; Home Depot; Compact Appliance; FaucetDirect.com; Sears; HomeClick.com; Ace Hardware; Do it Best; Air & Water, Inc. Alpine Home Air Products; AquaSuperstore
Electric Water Heater Components: Mobile Home Depot
mobile home parts, mobile home water heater parts, electric water heater parts
Home Depot – Rheem EcoSense On Demand 9.5 GPM at 35 degree rise
Home Depot product reviews and customer ratings for Rheem EcoSense On Demand 9.5 GPM at 35 degree rise 199,900 BTU Natural Gas Outdoor Tankless Water Heater. Read and
Home Depot Water Heater Installation 2011
Once you have purchased your water heater, The Home Depot offers a Water Heater Installation Service.
Anatomy of a Gas Hot Water Heater (Tank type)
Detailed description and graphic of the components making up a gas tank type hot water heater.
Water Heater Depot – Tankless Water Heaters 1-800-406-7103
Water Heater Depot – Tankless Water Heaters Electric and Gas. Featuring products from Stiebel Eltron Tempra Tankless Water Heaters 1-800-406-7103
Amazon.com: Rinnai R75LSi Natural Gas Indoor Tankless Water Heater
For indoor installation only. Stop planning your mornings and evenings around your water heater. Set your own schedule, thanks to the R75LSi. Ideal for two- to three
Water Heater Installation – The Home Depot – Get Your Water Heater
Need to replace your current water heater? Ask our water heater installation experts and receive a competitive price for labor and materials from The Home Depot.
Tankless Water Heaters | Buying Guides | Home Depot Canada
There comes a time when we all have to say goodbye to our old energy-hungry water heaters and replace them with
Gas Water Heaters | Water Heaters | Plumbing | Building
Shop online from our wide selection of Gas Water Heaters,
Troubleshooting a Gas or Electric Water Heater – Hot Water Heater
Unlike tankless water heaters, standard type gas and electric water heaters use an insulated storage tank. The construction or anatomy of a gas tank type water heater
Fast Water Heater Company – Kirkland, WA
Category: Home Services Plumbing Plumbing. 12601 132nd Ave NE (between N 125th Ave & N 124th Ave) Kirkland, WA 98034 (206) 219-4092
Tankless Water Heaters | Hot Water | Energy Efficient | Gas and
Homeowners want the energy-efficient, endless supply of hot water only a gas or electric tankless water heater can deliver.Just.
But now, it seems, it's OK for radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh to use the word whenever he sees fit, according to Palin.
During an appearance on Fox News Sunday, Palin defended Limbaugh’s use of the term "retarded," describing it as “satire” when used against people he disagrees with.
"They are kooks, so I agree with Rush Limbaugh," Palin said on the show. "I didn't hear Rush Limbaugh calling a group of people whom he did not agree with 'f-ing retards,' and we did know that Rahm Emanuel, as has been reported, did say that. There is a big difference there."
Umm, not really.
The Wall Street Journal that quoted Emanuel telling progressive groups last summer they were “fucking retarded” if they ran TV commercials criticizing conservative Democrats who opposed parts of Obama’s health care reform efforts. In other words, Emanuel used the term toward people he disagreed with, just as Limbaugh does.
We know Republicans are loathe to criticize their de facto leader, though; witness Republican National Chairman Michael Steele's apology to Limbaugh a few months ago. He was merely following a sad pattern already set by other GOP leaders: "All hail Rush!"
Unfortunately, Palin has a history of making hypocritical statements.
The latest involves her criticism against President Obama for using a TelePrompTer recently while taking at an elementary school. While speaking at the first national Tea Party Convention in Nashville, Palin used a similar palm-sized device, known as "notes on her hand."
During the speech this weekend, Palin said she might run for president in 2012. Please do, Sarah: Not only could we use the entertainment, but you’re sure to split the Republican vote.ESPN.com:
College Basketball Nation
[
Print without images
]
Monday, October 14, 2013
Summit League team previews
By ESPN.com staff
From Sept. 30 through Oct. 25, Insider will be rolling out its
college basketball preview
, including breakdowns on every Division I team, projected order of finish for every conference and essays from Insider’s hoops experts.
Here are previews for each team in the Summit League:
Denver Pioneers
IPFW Mastodons
IUPUI Jaguars
(Free)
Nebraska-Omaha Mavericks
North Dakota State Bison
South Dakota Coyotes
South Dakota State Jackrabbits
Western Illinois LeathernecksWe care about you, our customer. If you are in need of high quality Volkswagen Squareback Engine Mount parts, come try us out. Stop searching the internet, you have come to the best place for auto parts on the net. Our massive selection of Volkswagen Squareback Engine Mount parts is unbeatable. Buy your auto parts on your schedule. We are awaiting your Volkswagen Squareback Engine Mount auto parts order to get your order in motion. Skip the cost of delivery of your Volkswagen Squareback Engine Mount parts order when you spend in excess of fifty dollars.
Dusty M. - Seattle, WA: Thanks for the prompt service on my recent order. I particularly liked the web-based order system, the low price, the absence of sales tax, and.Publisher’s Description: For over sixty-five, Susan Stewart, Susan Tichy, and Sherman Alexie. More recently, work by Bei Dao, Lucille Clifton, Albert Goldbarth, and Sonya Sanchez has graced our pages alongside that of younger poets such as Michael Broek, Jessica Goodfellow, Garth Greenwell, Jenny Johnson, and Mary Molinary. We make the final selections for each issue by reading poems aloud to hear the music they make. A poem must speak for itself to make it into the BPJ.
Jeann."Available formats: epub mobi pdf rtf lrf pdb txt html
JIM YOAKUM has been a professional writer for over thirty years. He is the author of novels, non-fiction books and the screenwriter of three produced films. He has contributed articles to numerous magazines, websites and periodicals including Rolling Stone, The Onion and Goldmine. He is also former writing partners with the late Graham Chapman of Monty Python and is Curator of the Graham Chapman Archives. He is also a professional musician.Little trough filled with Delosperma congestum
Moving in tighter on Delosperma congestum
Close-up on Delosperma congestum
This afternoon took a friend to visit Erika in her garden. We were blown away by her collection of exquisite alpine troughs and native plants.
Coming into the garden, this little trough packed with Delosaperma, just glowed in the brilliant afternoon sun.
4 comments:
Saw this before I left for work and it brightened up my morning. Thanks for spreading a little sunshine and a neat lesson in close-ups.
... the closest I get to this in my garden are the taraxacum officinales, a medicianal herbs (and also one I've used in food preparations). How lovely to see others appreciating these round sun-like half globe shaped flowerheads ... go smiley-face!
Hi Is,
Glad it brightened your day.
There's no shortage of sunshine here at the moment. 28c and no sign of rain until monday.
Hi Brenda,
A very amusing use of botanical latin.Pr.
Thanks for the tip David.
Also here’s another piece of evidence (an old Google “sales representative” job offering ad from 2000) tying Chaim Pikarski to this maze of camera company names and businesses. Thus far the names that seem to be tying together include PriceRitePhoto, Barclay’s Photo, Film4Less, Edigix, CP Industries, The Camera Zone, TheCameraMall, Film Shop, Film Shop Clipper USA.
The Film Shop in the job offering above, with Pikarski’s name, is at the same address as Don Wiss (who yesterday received a death threat) documented as being associated with TheCameraMall. Evidence suggests that TheCameraMall may be linked with PriceRitePhoto.
The BBB had other names associated with PriceRitePhoto but it would appear that their entry at the BBB, which had originally fallen under Lets Go Digital and Jack Heffner, is now under review. Per the BBB: “The Bureau’s report on this business is currently being updated, and no report is available at this time. Please check this site in approximately four to six weeks.” Originally, PriceRitePhoto’s purported owner “Ed Lopez” had denied that Jack Heffner or Lets Go Digital were associated with his business when I spoke with him — although he admitted to knowing Jack Heffner.
It would also appear that PriceRitePhoto as of December 8, 2005 has now registered the domain name barclaysphoto.com.
Update: I received a phone call today from the owner of film4less who informed me that although PriceRitePhoto had been using that name that they were doing so illegally and that this is why they changed that name on eBay. According to the owner of film4less (who has held the copyright on film4less since the 70s) he is in no way affiliated with PriceRitePhoto. In fact he was the one that got eBay to remove their ability to use this name on their site.
Heres a link to the NNTP post about the threat to Don Wiss
Keep up the good work!
We need more people like you. You do a good service to consumers. Although make sure you have a lawyer’s ear in case a company threatens litigation.
This is America, where everyone deserves a second…. er, ninth chance.
Thanks for the heads up. Need more ppl out there like you. Keep up the good work.
Excellent work, with all the attention you are getting, you may be the catalyst for a class action lawsuit.
Keep us Posted!
-sig
Dish network systems. Monthly HDTV & DVR fees waived. Free installation in up to 4 rooms.
Taken from this photo forum:
“DeanO
26th of April 2001 (Thu), 01:30 AM
I got one for $350 – with the travel adapter included. For $15 more, they overnighted it to me. I paid with credit card by phone after they contacted me.
I made the purchase from a camera company that sells on EBAY.
Their seller name is FILM4LESS — email FILM4LESS@aol.commail, or just check on EBAY. Last I checked they had 1 GB units for sale for 359.00 with the “buy it now” option. I won a dutch auction — and there were 20 units available, but only 3 were sold.
Normally, I’d be hesitant to buy anything like this on Ebay, but the experience turned out to be a pleasant surprise — far better than the outfit I bought my camera from via mail order — CENTORE. They were cheap, but shady. I got the camera for 689.00.
nadim
26th of April 2001 (Thu), 08:31 PM
I got the same from the same company, called either Film4Less or empirePhoto or similar… I got an IBM 1GB with PCMCIA card reader…. the Package says FUJI, but inside is a real IBM 1GB. Got it for 359$, they shipped the next day ground for 9$.
Risky business, but it worked… Can’t recommend it if you’re risk averse, you never know what’s behind these companies.
Nadim”
Their website will redirect you to which states that it is part of the
Got Film? Film4Less™, Film 4 Less™, GotFilm.Biz™, Film4Less.com™ chain.
Great job hawk. as a an avid photographer myself and who has been in this country not too long to know all the intricacies of the American business, you have done a great service to us all by outing these bad people.
ugggh…these people need a roundhouse kick to the face!!! good work keeping on top of them! Maybe they will be the fish that doesn’t get away in this bait and hook.
Great stuff! Thanks for the update.
Googling for ‘”CP Industries” brooklyn photo’, I found a cached copy of this resume of a Carlos Cruz, who back in 2001 worked for CP Industries, and designed the following websites:
2001 Advertising Art Director/Desktop and Pre Press Designer for CP Industries: Unique Photo
2001 Camera Zone Inc.
2001 Photo Specialist Inc.
2001 Camera Mall Inc.
2001 The Film Shop Inc.
Here is the history link:;=barclaysphoto
Why not register barclaysphotosucks.com, put up everything you’ve uncovered so far, and Google-bomb the heck out of it? Just keep following these guys as they change identities, “sucks”-ing them all the way.
wow seriously stop complaing every body has issues with some store or another
Love that idea. Some1 with a lot of time on their hands should definately do that..
My entire point is, neutrals dont count against bad feedback, negatives can and are regularly removed after the seller pressures the buyer with bad feedback. The ebay feedback system is seriously broken and designed to cater to the vendors.
just my 2c. for a more detailed description of the events that transpired(I think I even still have all the emails), write me at j/m/o/r/g/a/l/i/@/h/o/t/m/a/i/l/./c/o/m
(sorry for the slashes)
We support you all the way! Down with shabby companies!
You’d think that a public record search of business names or ficticious business licenses could be looked at to see how many names they’ve really gone through?
They also are the company TurboBuys ()
telephone toughguys.
You’re my hero!! Keep up the super work!
It might be useful to research the addresses where these businesses are registered. You can find out who owns any building in NYC at
The “Building Information System” link has lots of additional info.
More stuff can be found at
You might not find records on these specific businesss, but you can at least find out who their landlord is.
One of the things that these shady camera dealers seem to have a reputation for is carrying multiple different company identities and then changing names when things go wrong with an existing identity.
Back in the day there were a number of jewlers doing the same thing on Ebay. As I recall, companies like Global Bargain Hunters aka diamonds_by_nicole aka shenoa_and_co seemed to suffer from multiple personality disorder. If you do a search – you will notice that they all use the same (unknown) certification company, NGL, or National Gemological Laboratories.
I was interested in making a purchase, but considering the price, I thought it best to inspect the merchandise before hand. I first visited Shenoa and co in NYC, and didn’t find what I was looking for. I gave a call to Global Bargain Hunters, asking for the exact address. They gave me the exact same address as Shenoa!.
Film4Less.com GotFilm.biz web sites are not related to your posting about PriceRitePhoto or ebay Barclay’s Photo.
Your posted statement: Nicholas said… Their website will redirect you to which states that it is part of the
Got Film? Film4Less™, Film 4 Less™, GotFilm.Biz™, Film4Less.com™ chain.
Is WRONG AND BETTER BE CORRECTED. I forced ebay to not allow them to use my tradename on ebay. And now you link me to them! THERE IS NO RELATION between us and them. Remove your liable statement.
My web sites:
and my tradenames Got Film? Film4Less™, Film 4 Less™, GotFilm.Biz™, Film4Less.com™ ARE NOT RELATED TO PriceRitePhoto or Barclay’s Photo.
The posting by Nicholas was NOT researched at all and is untrue! And now the domain was removed by the hosting company because of it..
—– The following addresses had permanent fatal errors —–
thomas@thomashawk.com
(reason: 550-“The recipient cannot be verified. Please check all recipients of this)
—– Transcript of session follows —–
… while talking to thomashawk.com.:
>>> DATA
< << 550-"The recipient cannot be verified. Please check all recipients of this
< << 550 message to verify they are valid."
550 5.1.1 thomas@thomashawk.com… User unknown
<<< 503 valid RCPT command must precede DATA. Thomas, your email bounced back and you have not returned my phone call.
Trademark, not copyright.
Great job informing the un-suspecting public of theses scam artists at PriceRitePhoto!
Thomas, Thank you for creating this blog. I was going to something similar after my experience with these people, but yours is so thorough I thought I’d post here.
Barclay’s is now accusing the USPS of tampering with packages and taking the expensive items. They don’t insure their shipments and leave you short hundreds of dollars, without your merchandise, and they assume no responsibility for the product once shipped.
these mongers have more names such as digital goodies and cameras gone wild and they have a new name which i will notify everyone when i get the name
i bought a camera from them in aug 2007 for $850. it broke in sept 2008, was shipped off to the repair company under the additional warranty i purchased. wrong, warranty company no longer exists and now i have to pay $200 to get the grey market camera fixed.i feel ripped off and want some type of retribution. did anyone start a class action?
Same here, I was given all kinds of incorrect warranty info. and now that my camera is giving me error messages, it is going to end up costing me more to send it to the CPS to have it taken care of than it would to just buy a new camera. I have tried dozens of times to contact all of the numbers associated with Barclay’s Photo and every other name I can find for them from the BBB and other places. NONE of the numbers work. They phone picks up with a Barclay’s photo message, but when you press a number to talk to someone, it goes to the same unrelated company. (or so they say…) I agree with the last person, where is the class action??
[…]. … […]National Geographic’s awarded photographer Stephen Alvarez was given two Nokia Lumia 1020s as his only cameras on a trip to the Grand Canyon, Monument Valley, and the Colorado River. The results are more than worthy, especially when you fathom they were taken with a smartphone camera.
“What the Nokia Lumia 1020 does astounds me – these results, from a smartphone, are stunning. I have used a lot off camera phones so when I set out on this assignment I had my doubts, my doubts are gone – nothing else compares.”
Here are full-res samples from the Nokia Lumia 1020 used in the trip and you can check out the entire gallery at the Source (1) link below, where NatGeo and Nokia have a dedicated page to honor the partnership. Stephen Alvarez even has 22-inch prints on his wall – pictures taken with the Nokia Lumia 1020 that he claims “look like they came out of a DSLR”.
Nokia Lumia 1020 full resolution images
And here are two videos captured entirely on the Nokia Lumia 1020 (with some additional accessories like tripods and a little post-editing software).
Source 1 | Source 2 | ViaTamaryn.
Noisy trio Mi Ami becomes a duo; announces final shows with founding bassist Jacob Long [via The Bay Bridged]
Ghost on Tape talks Facebook and beatmaking with SF Weekly [via SF Weekly]
The Week in Local Music News
Local garage rock heavyweight and USF alumni Ty Segall gets some major props from Pitchfork [via Pitchfork]
Despite previous claims to the contrary, the folks behind Outside Lands admit to lineup problems and poor ticket sales [via San Francisco Chronicle]Automotive Digital Marketing ProCom
Professional Community for Car Dealers, Automotive Marketers and Sales Managers
Sort by:
A classic. This is the story of what happened when I was confronted by really skeptical CMO who wou… Manny Luna May 11, 2014 279 views
The 2014 Social Media Marketing Guide Manny Luna Apr 30, 2014 25 views
The Cocktail of Automotive Advertising Explained by Borrell Associates Local advertising and media… Ralph Paglia Oct 24, 2013 207 views
How Car Dealers can Find Local Twitter Influencers - Automotive Social Media by J.D. Rucker Ralph Paglia Mar 2, 2013 132 views
MAG Marketing Network Automotive Dealer Community Marketing Program by Media Ad Group Incentives Po… Ken Dugas Jan 29, 2013 20 views
This amazing animation in a TV Commercial for Park Ave BMW in New Jersey has everything animated. T… Caz Bielen Jan 9, 2013 52 views
"Social media eliminates the need to provide value to your clients." Ed Brooks Nov 22, 2012 35 views
Dealership Marketing Managers have a wide array of social media tools – free and paid for – availab… Ralph Paglia Oct 18, 2012 97 views
The All New MySpace Under Specific Media Ownership has new updated designs, features, some great fu… Ralph Paglia Sep 26, 2012 33 44 views
How to Attract Visitors, Build Genuine Fans and Generate Leads Join us for a fascinating Webinar o… Patric Timmermans Mar 23, 2012 14 views
Learn how to use social media correctly to hire and engage your employees. Social Media can be a p… Patric Timmermans Mar 19, 2012 15 views
Andrew Myers with What's Next Media leads the charge for video at NADA 2012. We talk with Industry… Andrew Myers Feb 22, 2012 27 views
Eddie Cawley (Director of Dealer Training) from AutoTrader takes a minute at NADA 2012 in Las Vegas… Andrew Myers Feb 22, 2012 59 162 views Part of the world's most watched Social Media video series; "Social Me… Ralph Paglia Oct 14, 2011 132 views Flash… Ralph Paglia Oct 12, 2011 29 views
Integrated Social Media Marketing for Car Dealers Presentation Ralph Paglia Sep 28, 2011 12 views
© 2015 Created by Ralph Paglia.
ADM Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of Service
Expressivity as a Challenge to Semantic Audio Research
Gerhard Widmer
Institute for Computational Perception, Johannes Kepler University Linz, Austria
Austrian Research Institute for Artificial Intelligence (OFAI), Vienna, Austria
Semantic Audio and Music Information Retrieval (MIR) Research have led to some spectacular successes in recent years. They have made it possible to build machines that listen to music, follow and track it in real time, extract useful information like melody, harmonies, beat and rhythm, categorise music into genres and other classes, automatically monitor TV and radio stations worldwide, and do many other useful things. All of this is based on algorithms that analyse audio and extract information from the audio signal that relates to what we may call the `semantics' of the signal: higher-level aspects that most humans readily perceive when listening to musical audio.
Despite these successes, however, I would claim that we have barely scratched the surface of what music really is, what it means, and what it is in music that moves us. In this presentation, I would like to focus on a dimension of the semantics of musical audio that has not yet received much attention in the semantic audio research community: the dimension of expressivity in musical performance — especially in the performance of classical music. Expressivity in performance refers the millions of different ways in which skilled performers can play the same piece of music, shaping it and making it come alive via subtle nuances in tempo, timing, dynamics, articulation, timbre, etc., and in this way giving the piece a unique character and emotional quality and expressing their own understanding and personal `meaning' of the music. That this is an important aspect of the music is evidenced by the fact that millions of music lovers all over the world continue to buy recordings of (or go to see yet another live performance of) pieces they have already heard many times.
In this presentation I will
• introduce performance expression as an important dimension of the "semantics" of a piece of music;
• discuss and demonstrate what it means to extract, quantify, characterise, and model this via machine;
• review recent work on computational modelling of performance expression;
• sketch possible application scenarios;
• and identify pertinent research challenges for our field.
Generally, my aim is to promote a field of research that not all attendees of this conference may be so familiar with and that, I believe, is of real importance when we speak of the `semantics' of musical audio.
Bio of presenter
Gerhard Widmer () is full professor and head of the Department of Computational Perception at the Johannes Kepler University Linz, and head of the Intelligent Music Processing and Machine Learning Group at the Austrian Research Institute for Artificial Intelligence (OFAI), Vienna. He holds degrees in computer science from the University of Technology Vienna and the University of Wisconsin/Madison, USA. His research interests are in computational models of musical skills (notably: expressive music performance), and in the application of Artificial Intelligence and machine learning methods to real-world musical problems. He has been awarded several research prizes, including the highest scientific award in the country of Austria, the "Wittgenstein Prize" (2009). In 2006, he was elected a Fellow of the European Coordinating Committee for Artificial Intelligence (ECCAI), for his contributions to European AI Research..
I prefer the format used with the EOS 1/3 series cameras where all shooting controls (motor-drive; AF mode; AE mode) are set two-handed. There are no control dials that can get knocked accidentally out of place in the camera bag. I know pros that even tape down the AF/MF switch on their lenses since most (all?) pro Canon EF lenses are full-time-manual ultrasonic anyway. Less buttons and dials also means better environmental sealing and reliability. The Canon EOS 1/3 series are virtually water and dustproof.
On a Minolta alpha camera, I would have to constantly look at the dials to make sure they hadn't been jostled out of position. I find this happening with my EOS 10D, where the control dial is just a bit too easily changed. At least with the 10D, you can change parameters to have the ISO changeable on the fly with the SET buttonm, rather than allocating a button just for that purpose. The Minolta alpha-7 digital isn't waterproof and I doubt all those dials can handle dust very well either.
In many ways, that's why I prefer my Leica M7. Basically it has everything I need in a camera (aperture-priority autoexposure) and nothing I don't. The shutter dial controls the AE function and is well-dampened so that it doesn't move out of position. There are otherwise no other extraneous controls (I even wish I could lock out the exposure compensation dial since I don't use it, rather choosing to AE-lock-and-recompose instead). This is a holdover from my days when I shot with the Asahi Pentax Spotmatic SPII.
A camera has four basic controls: focus, shutter-speed, aperture, and a shutter release. Why complicate things?
But again, this is my shooting style. Your mileage may vary.
On the old blog:
Luis said...
because there are people who enjoys handling their camera more than making shots, but I'm partial here, I'm one of those who has most bells and whistles disabled and still prefer manual lenses, but as you said, it's just me. 4:30 PM
Barron said...
I totally see your point about manual switches being able to be switched by accident while the camera is being carried around. In fact, there is one switch on my a507si that is prone to do this, the AF-area sensor switch. Minolta also recognized this and fixed it in later bodies by recessing it a bit. And the main mode and exposure dials now have a button on top to prevent accidental movement. You said that you had to constantly check the Alpha to make sure none of the controls had moved. Which camera were you using, and what knob would change? I bet it was the model I use as well. Just wondering because I believe the new bodies have improved on this.
As for the knobs letting dust in, I haven't heard anything mentioned about it yet on the Minolta boards I frequent.
Like you, I also don't switch the controls often, except for the continuous/single/auto lock AF. (kids tend to move around a lot) I usually have it in aperture-priority, single shot mode. At any rate, all cameras have the potential to allow the photographer to realize their vision, regardless of the # of knobs and dials. And we humans can adapt to all forms of camera user interfaces. :) 7:33 AM
Barron said...
Correction - It's the metering mode (spot/center weight/honeycomb) switch that is too easy to mistakenly shift, not the AF-area switch. 11:14 AM- The Mikasa Italian Countryside Mug is embossed with graceful, fluted bands and scrolls that are inspired by classical Italian architecture
- Set of 4
- Dolomite
- Microwave and dishwasher safe
- 11 oz. capacity
- Each measures 4" L x 3.8" W x 3.75" H
- Dishwasher and microwave safe
- Imported
SKU # 11214681
.
One of the newest Rich.
As a hotel, we want to take part in the initiative to promote pollution prevention practices in the hospitality industry.
For more information on Springhill Suites by Marriott Richmond Northwest, see
or contact Laura Niarhos at laura.niarhos@marriott.com or 804-217-7075.
For more information on the Virginia Green program, see.
Virginia Green is a partnership supported by the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality, the Virginia Hospitality & Tourism Association, and the Virginia Tourism Corporation.Location.
For Your PreviewLuther Burbank made horticultural history with the 1893 publication of his catalog entitled, "New Creations." New plant creations? The idea of a human, not God, creating plants caused all sorts of controversy. During his lifetime, Luther Burbank couldn't "copyright" his new plant varieties. The only way that he made any money from his "new creations" was by selling plants from his nursery. After Mr. Burbank's death, the copyright and patent laws changed.
This catalog was published from 1910-1912. It features a beautiful gladiola on its cover.
Mr. Burbank chose to work with gladioli (plural for gladiola) because of their petal and flower structures. He felt that their petals weren't flat enough when open and that the flowers weren't very regularly spaced on the stem. Mr. Burbank succeeded in improving these areas and began to work on creating double rows of flowers on a stem, as well as developing new colors.
Mr. Burbank did run into quite a bit of trouble with these experiments and had to give them up for several years. The problem? Same as it is today; gophers loved to dig underground and eat the bulbs! Eventually, Mr. Burbank found a way to keep the gophers from his bulbs.
Although it's a bit tricky to read, this is part of Mr. Burbank's 1904 catalog. The prices shown are for the Alaska, California, and Westralia varieties of the Shasta Daisy. The catalog stated that : "These new types have a remarkable resistant vigor and ability to overcome ill treatment..." These varieties are available today in many garden nurseries, especially the Alaska. When these plants were sold in 1904, one plant cost $0.75. That was a lot of money!
1919 Catalog - A Burbank Favorite
This is the cover of the 1919 Burbank Catalog. It features a picture of a little girl standing by some Shasta Daisies, with Mount Shasta in the background. This cover was said to be Luther Burbank's favorite picture of his Shasta Daisies.
Luther Burbank became so famous that he received thousands of cards and letters from around the world every year. Many people even sent him unusual plant seeds for his experiments! Lots of plant and seed orders were on these postcards, just like the one shown below.
"Dear Sir,
Both our best thanks for Shasta Daisy, which have sown in careful way in our small farm..."
Mr. Burbank enjoyed getting all these postcards, but he didn't always have time to answer them. Some people sent big questions in the mail that required pretty detailed questions. Here's the card that Mr. Burbank sent to these people.
If you did order seeds from Luther Burbank, they would arrive in a package with this label on it:
Return to Main LobbyRefine Your Search:
- Format link
- Clear all filters
Filter By:
Language
- Spanish / Español (2)
- Chinese / 中文 (1)
Format
Type of Resource
Nursing Homes
Legal Resources
Elder Law Handbook
Click here for good information on the law seniors are most likely to be concerned with. 
- By:
- Houston Bar Association
- Read this in:
- Spanish / Español
- Chinese / 中文
Facts for Older Consumers: Long Term Care: Is Private Insurance Right For You?
When dealing with issues of long term care, it can be hard to see what is the right option, click the link below for information on whether or not private insurance is right for you. 
- By:
- National Consumer Law CenterTHIS picture shows the eyesore state outside a home in a Basingstoke suburb – and now the owner has been told to clear it up.
The house, in Normanton Road, Oakridge, has had rubble and rubbish covering both the front and back gardens. A plank of wood, placed over uneven ground, has to be used to get to the front door.
The owner of the property rents it to four occupants who all live in separate bedrooms inside the house.
He gained planning permission in September 2011 to extend the rear of the house. Neighbours claim he started the work more than a year ago and then abandoned the project.
A tenant living in the property, who did not want to be named, said the landlord’s plans were to create a sixth bedroom in the extension, but he had not had time to finish the work because of problems arising at other properties he owns and rents out in the town.
The borough council has now ordered the owner to put the property back to an acceptable standard and requested a number of improvements be made, including levelling surfaces inside and outside of the home, creating clear level paths to and from the property’s exits and entrances and removing rubble, debris and building materials.
Tracey Cole, head of resident services at Basingstoke and Deane Borough Council, said: “The work must be completed by June 1. Following a complaint received about rubbish at the property, we have also requested any rubbish on council land be removed immediately.”
Labour Norden ward borough councillor, Paul Harvey, said he reported the landlord to Environmental Health and Planning, and said the issue highlights the need for a “mandatory register of all landlords.”
He added: “This HMO (house with multiple occupants) in Normanton Road is a dangerous building site. It’s totally unacceptable and a complete safety hazard for the tenants living in the property let alone the neighbours, and it makes a pressing case for a mandatory register of HMOs but also enforcement of standards for all HMOS.
“Local residents have been subjected to this for far too long and we need to see action from the authorities to sort this out.”
He added: “It’s about time we sorted out the poor landlords who are causing these kinds of dangers.”
The Gazette has been unable to contact the owner of the property.What TVLine Is Thankful For This TV Season: Sweet Revenge, the Very Good Sons and More!
One? READ THE EDITORS’ LISTAcademic Work
Courses Taught
Previous teaching materials 1977-1978
Women's Studies 101, 1 of 2
Women's Studies 101, 2 of 2
Women's Studies 205, 1 of 4
Women's Studies 205, 2 of 4
Women's Studies 205, 3 of 4
Women's Studies 205, 4 of 4
Women's Studies 356, 1 of 4
Women's Studies 356, 2 of 4
Women's Studies 356, 3 of 4
Women's Studies 356, 4 of 4
Women's Studies 352, 1 of 9
Women's Studies 352, 2 of 9
Women's Studies 352, 3 of 9
Women's Studies 352, 4 of 9
Women's Studies 352, 5 of 9
Women's Studies 352, 6 of 9
Women's Studies 352, 7 of 9
Women's Studies 352, 8 of 9
Women's Studies 352, 9 of 9
Women's Studies 453, 1 of 2 1984
Women's Studies 453, 2 of 2 1984
Women's Studies 590 1984
Women's Studies Seminar 1988
English 730 1988
Women's Studies 100; New Views of Women
Comparative Literature 596 1991
English 700-2 1993
English 700-2 1993
General Studies 250, 1 of 2 1993-1994
General Studies 250, 2 of 2 1993-1994
English 700, Woolf, Lessing, Winterson
Women's Studies 553, 1 of 2
Women's Studies 553, 2 of 2
Women's Studies 604, 1 of 4
Women's Studies 604, 2 of 4
Women's Studies 604, 3 of 4
Women's Studies 604, 4 of 4
Women's Studies 603, 1 of 3
Women's Studies 603, 2 of 3
Women's Studies 603, 3 of 3
Women's Studies 696 late 1990s
Comparative Literature 561 late 1990s
Women's Studies 590, 1 of 3
Women's Studies 590, 2 of 3
Women's Studies 590, 3 of 3
Women's Studies 535, 1 of 6
Women's Studies 535, 2 of 6
Women's Studies 535, 3 of 6
Women's Studies 535, 4 of 6
Women's Studies 535, 5 of 6
Women's Studies 535, 6 of 6
General Studies 350, 1 of 2
General Studies 350, 2 of 2
Miscellaneous Lesbian Readings, 1 of 3
Miscellaneous Lesbian Readings, 2 of 3
Miscellaneous Lesbian Readings, 3 of 3
Articles on Lesbianism
Notes on Lesbianism
Miscellaneous Lesbian Literature
Miscellaneous course material, 1 of 4
Miscellaneous course material, 2 of 4
Miscellaneous course material, 3 of 4
Miscellaneous course material, 4 of 4
Women in Popular Culture information
Cultural Heritage of Women information
Additional Class notes
Women's Studies 335
Women's Studies 335
Women's Studies 595
English 730
Women's Studies 335
Women's Studies 335
Women's Studies 596
Women's Studies 335
Women's Studies 553
Women's Studies 696
Women's Studies 604
Women's Studies 604
Women's Studies 535
General Studies 350
Women's Studies 701 (taught by Dr. Susan Cayleff)
Women's Studies 701 (taught by Dr. Susan Cayleff)
Women's Studies 535
Women's Studies 535
Administrative
Academic Senate, 1 of 2 1999-2000
Academic Senate, 2 of 2 1999-2000
Academic Senate, 1 of 2 2000-2001
Academic Senate, 2 of 2 2000-2001
Academic Senate 2001-2002
Academic Senate, 1 of 2 2002-2003
Academic Senate, 2 of 2 2002-2003
Senate Executive Committee, 1 of 2 2000-2001
Senate Executive Committee, 2 of 2 2000-2001
Senate Executive Committee 2001-2002
Senate Executive Committee, 1 of 2 2002-2003
Senate Executive Committee, 2 of 2 2002-2003
Academic Senate
Agenda Items
Officers Meeting
Office Business
Academic Policies and Procedures (AP&P)
Committee of Academic Resource Development (CARD)
Undergraduate Advising
Other Committees
Year Round Operation Committee (YRO)
Retention
Budget 2002
Associated Students
Daily Aztec
Miscellaneous Senate
Personnel, 1 of 4
Personnel, 2 of 4
Personnel, 3 of 4
Personnel, 4 of 4
Professional Activities, 1 of 8
Professional Activities, 2 of 8
Professional Activities, 3 of 8
Professional Activities, 4 of 8
Professional Activities, 5 of 8
Professional Activities, 6 of 8
Professional Activities, 7 of 8
Professional Activities, 8 of 8
Interdisciplinary Studies Committee, 1 of 2
Interdisciplinary Studies Committee, 2 of 2
Gay and Lesbian Issues Committee (GLIC)
Domestic Partnership Committee 1994
Gay and Lesbian Studies, 1 of 4
Gay and Lesbian Studies, 2 of 4
Gay and Lesbian Studies, 3 of 4
Gay and Lesbian Studies, 4 of 4
Leadership Review
Self Study
Faculty Research
Women's Studies Masters' Program
Recruitment
Women's Studies Department, 1 of 2
Women's Studies Department, 2 of 2
Theses Chaired
Masters of Arts (MA) Committees, 1 of 2
Masters of Arts (MA) Committees, 2 of 2
Harp, Amy, "A Life Known versus a History Lost: Korean Adoptees' Communication"
Esquivel-Parker, Jennifer, "Reflections: Tracing the Patterns of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's Feminist Legal Thought and Feminist Jurisprudence"
Semone, Dana, "Dear Emily: A Children's Story Featuring the Visual and Discursive Works of the Canadian Artist Emily Carr"
Tillery, Sarah, "From Carnival Freak to Fashion Model: The Materilization of the Thin Female Body and the Abjection of Fat"
Simmons, Jessica, "Diasporic Sexual Identity: A Fragmented Sense of Self in Jamiaca's Kicaid's Lucy and Michelle Cliff's No Telephone to Heaven"
Comeau, Dawn, "The Lesbian Co-Mother: Fighting for Identity"
Woll, Therese, "RWS (Rhetoric and Writing Studies): Can There Be a Woman in This Academy?"
Thompson, Beverly, "Towards a Multiracial/Bisexual Theory"
Lorensen, Janet, "Bisexuality: Politics, Social-Sexual Boundaries and the Search for Postmodern Identity"
Robertson, Michelle, "A Theoretical Analysis of the Hegomonic Weapons Used Against Women Who Resist"
Dottolo, Andrea (Abstract only)
Walsh, Shaun, "Everything is Everything: Feminist Discourses of Black Female Rap Artists"
Cemali, Ceylan (Email correspondence, poem)
Wickwire, Gillian, "White Sororities and the Reproduction of 'the Feminie': Socialization, Power, and Performativity"
Binfield, Marnie, "Dressing to Distress: Fashion as a Symbolic System and Its Subversive Potential"
Jacobson, Jennifer, "Negotiating Identities: Gay and Lesbian Parents"
Johnston, Julie, "Bisexual Politics and Identities: The Limits and Possibilities of the Community"
Singleton, Alice (Correspondence)
Rock, Jeff (Source list)
Radford, Sherry, "Rosario Castellanos"
Morgan, Kendell (Source List)
Stevens, Christy, "Lesbian Intertextuality in Jeanette Winterson's Written on the Body"
Green, Melanie, "Empowered Voices: Lesbians and the Homophobic Construction of Eating Problems"
Andrade, Anna, "A Language of Thunder and Yearning: Searching for Paradigms in Discourses on Butch/Fem"
Rogers, Denise (Source List)
Other
Syllabi of Other Professors 1970s-1990s
Syllabi of Other Professors, 1 of 2 late 1970s-1980s
Syllabi of Other Professors, 2 of 2 late 1970s-1980s
Syllabi of Other Professors, 1 of 2 late 1980s-2000
Syllabi of Other Professors, 2 of 2 late 1980s-2000
Buffalo Women's Studies Program
Lesbian Syllabi
Lesbian Syllabi
Resources on Lesbian Studies 1992
University of California in Los Angeles (UCLA) Lesbian Literature
Lesbians for Lesbians newsletter 1990s
Quilting Readings
Miscellaneous correspondence, 1 of 2
Miscellaneous correspondence, 2 of 2
Swedish Foundation for International Research and Higher Education (STINT, Orebro-SDSU collaboration)
Swedish Foundation for International Research and Higher Education (STINT) seminar readings
Fathers and Patriarchy, 1 of 2
Fathers and Patriarchy, 2 of 2
Lavender Woman Interview 1985
Women's Liberation Notes
Women, War and Peace
Paper given at University of California at Irvine (UCI)
Pacific Southwest Women's Studies Association (PSWSA)
Feminist Theory Bibliography
Miscellaneous Bibliographies
Old Bibliographies, 1 of 2
Old Bibliographies, 2 of 2
Miscellaneous Conferences
Miscellaneous Conferences
Faculty Correspondence, 1 of 2
Faculty Correspondence, 2 of 2
President Day 1990-1991
Correspondence with Modern Language Association (MLA), 1 of 2
Correspondence with Modern Language Association (MLA), 2 of 2
Publication Correspondence, 1 of 2
Publication Correspondence, 2 of 2
Professional Correspondence, 1 of 3
Professional Correspondence, 2 of 3
Professional Correspondence, 3 of 3
Student groups
Student Papers and Publications
Feminist criticism group
Conference flier
Activism and Publishing
Encyclopedia of Lesbian Histories and Cultures
Forms
Permission Work
Miscellaneous Correspondence
Editing
Editing Memos
Miscellaneous Enyclopedia Tasks
For Copyediting
Encyclopedia Lists
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Blurbs
Reviews and correspondence
Encyclopedia master lists
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Entries
Post Publication Correspondence
Miscellaneous Contributions
Miscellaneous Contributions
Entries
Miscellaneous Encylopedia
Miscellaneous Encylopedia
Miscellaneous Encylopedia
Gay and Lesbian Encyclopedia (GLE) research, 1 of 2
Gay and Lesbian Encyclopedia (GLE) research, 2 of 2
Garland Correspondence
Letters of decline: GLE
Illustrations for GLE: 1 of 2
Illustrations for GLE: 2 of 2
EL accounts
Articles
"Middle March"; rough draft
"Nature and Society in Adam Bede"
"Exiting a Patriarchal Earth"
"Rebellion and Submission"
"Rescuing George Eliot from Great Tradition"
"Domestic Ideology"
"Lesbianism and Women's Community"
"Lesbianism 101"
"Lesbianism 101: notes"
"Chloe likes Olivia"
"One Out of Thirty"
"Daughters of Darkness"
"What has Never Been": early drafts
"What has Never Been": notes
"What has Never Been": final draft
"What has Never Been": Methuen version
"Lesbian Novel of Development": notes
"Lesbian Novel of Development"
"Politics of Transliteration": notes and drafts
"Politics of Transliteration"
"Politics, Cultures and the Lesbian Novel": Notes and Drafts
"Politics, Cultures and the Lesbian Novel"
"Postmodern Feminist Fiction"
Our Right to Love
"In Academia, and Out"
"Lesbians like this and that"
"Conflicting Communities"
"Racism and White Privilege"
Caroline Norton
"Reading, Seeing, Knowing": notes and drafts
John Hopkins: Lesbian Criticism
Concerns Essay
Acting and Women
Rebecca West
Early Feminism of Rebecca West
Rooms + Walls
Utopian Novels
Feminism and Mass Media
George Eliot
Simcox - George Eliot
George Eliot
"Lavender Menace: Decade of Lesbian Politics"
"Lesbian Feminist Fiction in 1983"
"True Power of Womanhood"
Felix Holt Revision
The Mother's History
Gwendolyn draft
Girl of the Period 1st draft
Girl of the Period original draft
Gwendolyn Harleth & The Girl of the Period
Deronda: Miscellaneous Material
George Eliot and Feminism: The Case of Daniel Deronda
Daniel Deronda: Androgyny or Feminism?
Unsexed Woman
"Sacred Chest": Notes & Drafts
The Sacred Chest of Language
Edith Simcox & George Eliot
Simcox Research
Eliot Revision in Lesbian Texts & Contexts
"The Dark Eye Beaming": Final Draft
"Lesbianism and Feminism"
Munt: Feminism
"My Life as an Encyclopedist"
"My Life as an Encyclopedist"
"National Women's Studies Association (NWSA) and the future"
"Beyond Dualism"
"Location Feminism"
Zimmerman Offprints
Post Modern Language Association (PMLA) articles
Postmodernist Feminist Fiction
Perverse Reading
Seeing, Reading, Knowing
Schwarz-Lesbian History Questionnaire
Schwarz-Lesbian History Questionnaire
Gurko and Gearhart: Lesbian Model of Nonviolent Rhetoric
Cook and Carpenter
Intro to "Shapes of Things to Come"
Professions: Intro
Lesbian Short Stories Review
Issues for the Lesbian Critic
Miss Marks and Miss Woolley: review
Out and About
Lavender Woman Reviews
Conditions reviews
Conditions reviews: Lesbian Poetry and Lesbian Fiction
Update reviews
Thursday's Child reviews
Reviews of Scotch verdict
Motherlines review
Frye review
Review: Blood, Bread and Poetry
Ms. Review
Maureen Brady afterword
Books
Safe Sea of Women Hardcopy, 1 of 7
Safe Sea of Women Hardcopy, 2 of 7
Safe Sea of Women Hardcopy, 3 of 7
Safe Sea of Women Hardcopy, 4 of 7
Safe Sea of Women Hardcopy, 5 of 7
Safe Sea of Women Hardcopy, 6 of 7
Safe Sea of Women Hardcopy, 7 of 7
Safe Sea prospectus
Safe Sea correspondence
Safe Sea correspondence
Safe Sea correspondence with Beacon
Safe Sea correspondence with Beacon
Dark Eye Beaming: early version
Dorothea draft #1
Dorothea draft #2
Dorothea
Lesbian Studies: contracts, correspondence
Lesbian Studies: contracts, correspondence
Professions of Desire
Professions of Desire
Prospectus and Outline: Contemporary Lesbian Fiction
Notes for Contemporary Lesbian Fiction
Other
Homophobia workshop
Lesbian Theory: miscellaneous notes
Lesbian Culture and the Lesbian Novel: lecture
Women Writers: lecture
Women in American Literature: lecture
Lesbian lectures
Miscellaneous notes
Writing Materials
Revisions and notes
Revisions and notes
Fay Weldon: notes
Miscellaneous unpublished
Miscellaneous unpublished
Miscellaneous unpublished
Miscellaneous Material
Notes for future papers
Miscellaneous women's studies articles
Bibliographies
Miscellaneous offprints
Miscellaneous offprints
Miscellaneous offprints
Other projects
Other projects
Miscellaneous correspondence
Journals
Journal Clippings and Articles
Abortion 1971
Ain't I a Woman? 1970-1973
Anarchy 1965
Arriba 1983
Amazon Quarterly 1974
Aphra 1969-1972
Art Femme (French) 1975
Awake and More 1971
Azalea 1979
Battle Acts 1970-1972
Belly Full and Between Ourselves 1972, 1985
Big Mama Rag
The Black Soldier 1971, 1979
Broomstick 1980
Chrysalis 1981
College English 1972, 1974
Center for Lesbian and Gay Studies (CLAGS) 1995-2003
Common Sense
Connexions 1982-1989
Dykes and Gorgons, Echo of Sapph 1973, 1972
Dyke 1973-1977
Every Woman 1970-1971
Every Woman 1971
Feelings 1970
Feminary 1978
Feminist Studies 1972-1974
Feminist Teacher 1987-1989
The Feminist Voice
Fifth Estate no date
Fraun und Film (German) 1981
Focus no date
The Furies 1972-1973
Frontiers 1983-1984
Frontiers 1979-1983
Gay Studies 1983-1989
Gay Studies 1983-1989
Gay Women Read Sappho 1976
Gossip 1988
Hecate 1984, 2000
Heresies 1977-1982
In the Life 1993
It Ain't Me Babe 1970
Jewish Women's Organization 1983
Journal of Female Liberation 1969-1971
The Ladder 1957-1967
Lavender Woman 1973-1976
Lavender Woman 1973-1976
Lavender Woman 1973-1976
Lavender Woman 1973-1976
Lesbian Connection 1990-1996
Lesbian Contradictions **cross reference to comic collection 1984, 1987
Lesbian Connection 1974-1990
Lesbian Ethics 1986-1989
Lesbian and Gay Studies Newsletter 1990-2002
Lesbian and Gay Historical Society of San Diego 1993-2002
Lesbian Herstory Archives
The Lesbian In Literature 1967-1975
The Lesbian News 1978-1980
Lesbian Newsletter 1971
Lesbian Review of Books
Lesbian Review of Books
Lesbian Review of Books
Lesbian Tide/the Tide 1972-1979
Leviathan
London Lesbian
Los Angeles Free Press
Matrices
Matrices 1982-1985
Matrices 1978-1982
Mother
Mother Lode
Motive 1972
The New 1970
New Age 1971, New Feminist 1970, New York Feminist 1974
Notes on Women's Liberation 1970
National Women's Studies Association (NWSA) 1996
NWSA 1994-1995
NWSA 1985
NWSA 1984
NWSA 1983
NWSA 1982
NWSA 1980
NWSA 1978
NWSA 1975
NWSA 1974
Off Our Backs 1998
Off Our Backs 1996
Off Our Backs 1995
Off Our Backs 1994
Off Our Backs 1992
Off Our Backs 1985
Off Our Backs 1984
Off Our Backs 1983
Off Our Backs 1983
Off Our Backs 1982
Off Our Backs 1982
Off Our Backs 1981
Off Our Backs 1980
Off Our Backs 1980
Off Our Backs 1979
Off Our Backs 1978
Off Our Backs 1976
Off Our Backs 1975
Off Our Backs 1974
Off Our Backs 1973
Off Our Backs 1972
Off Our Backs 1971
Off Our Backs 1970
Other Woman 1974
Paid My Dues 1974, 1975
Pedestal 1970-1972
The Political Lesbian 1975
Pacific Southwest Women's Studies Association (PSWSA) 1981-1982
Quest 1974-1982
Radical Teacher 1978-1994
Red Star 1971
Reflections 1970
Reproductive Rights Newsletter 1983
The Second Wave 1971-1974
Sexual Politics
Students for a Democratic Society (SDS), Shrew
Siren 1970
Sister 1978
Sister, Sisterhood 1978
Small
Socialist Woman, Spectator
Spectre 1971-1972
Spectrum, Spokeswoman
Taking Control 1984
Third World Women's Alliance
Through the Looking Glass 1971
Thursday's Child 1978-1982
Trivia 1983, 1987, 1988
Under Current 1971
Up 1970-1972
Visibilities 1988
Velvet Fist
We Have Seen You There
Whole Woman 1973
Womankind 1971-1973
Women 1973-1974
Women's Liberation
Women's Liberation
Women's Liberation
Women's News 1983
Women's Review
Women Strike for Peace
Women's Studies Newsletter 1978-1980
Women's Studies Quarterly 1981-1982
Women's Voices 1972-1976
Women's West 1983
Newsletters, Zines, and Journals
Miscellaneous Newsletters
Feminist Zines
Miscellaneous Stories/Articles
Secor Articles
Stanley Articles
Gay/Lesbian Issues
Miscellaneous Book Reviews
Miscellaneous Manifestos
Varda One: Women's Liberation
Woman is a Sometime Thing
Morton: They are Burning Our Effigies
Salper
Marlene Dixon
Gornick: The Next Great Moment
Atkinson
Denesmore: Sex Roles and Female Oppression
Kinde, Kuche, Kirche
Politics of Housework
Sociology, Anthropology, History
Racism
Toronto Women's Liberation
Front Page
Salzman Webb
Mitchell: Women: The Longest Revolution
Zines, Fliers, and Articles (Feminism, Women's Liberation, Lesbianism)
Women in the Left Movement
Sociological/Anthropological perspectives
Poetry
Miscellaneous culture/ephemera: newspaper clippings
Songbooks
Miscellaneous Movement
Wells: American Women
I am Furious
Spinks-Sugar and Spice
Bunch: Broom of One's Own
Miscellaneous Articles
Clipping: Article about the Loves of Simone de Beauvoir
Eleanor Roosevelt
Califia community
International Women's Year (IWY) Resolutions
Alice Pike Barney
The Dinner Party
Women and Film
Marxism and Feminism
Women's Resource Centers
Women and Music
Aging
Violence
Substance Abuse Women's Liberation Union
Family Protection Act
Non-sexist Language
Gay Alliance for Equal Rights
Sexism and Imperialism
Women's National March
Women's Liberation Union
Women's Press
Women's Studies
Women's Studies Program
Women's History
American Women Writers
Art News
Slide Shows
Marxists on Women
Ecology/Population Control
Women War and Imperialism
Women's Bail Fund
Leaflets
Women ad Poverty
Urpe: Political Economy of Women
Redstockings Manifesto
Women of the Economy, 1 of 2
Women of the Economy, 2 of 2
Minority Women
Rape
Women in 3rd World Countries
Consciousness Raising
Women in Other Industrialized Countries
Women and Peace
Ness: The Bench: Where are the Women?
Buffalo Women's Liberation
New University Conference (NUC) Women's Caucus
Marriage and Family
New University Conference (NUC) Position
Women in the University
Reproduction/Abortion/Birth Control
The Feminists
Radical Feminists
Health Care
Child Care
Lesbianism, Miscellaneous Clippings, 1 of 2
Lesbianism, Miscellaneous Clippings, 2 of 2
Miscellaneous Clippings
Gay Studies
Graphics/Fliers
Graphics
Personal
Notes on Feminist Literature 1970-1971
Indiana University Writing, 1 or 4
Indiana University Writing, 2 or 4
Indiana University Writing, 3 or 4
Indiana University Writing, 4 or 4
Undergraduate Writing, 1 of 2
Undergraduate Writing, 2 of 2
Handwritten Notes
Personal Correspondence
Thank You notes from students whose theses were chaired
Thank You notes from former students
Miscellaneous Correspondence
Copies of Letters of Recommendation written
Professional Thank you notes and correspondence
Professional Thank you notes
Other Correspondence
Thank you notes from students for whom letters of recommendation were written
Ephemera
Ephemera
Ephemera; photosFriday, May 22, 2015
[ – ] Text Size [ + ] | Print Page
Home > Community Development > Meet Our Team
The Community Development Studies and Education Department performs two primary functions: community development and economic education. The department's mission is to support the Federal Reserve System's economic growth objectives by promoting community development and fair and impartial access to credit.
We are committed to ensuring that more people in our region understand the financial system and what is available to them in terms of services and information. We provide high-quality economic education and community development tools, research, and programs that connect people to information and resources.
Our community development staff works closely with financial institutions, nonprofit organizations, and government agencies to foster public-private partnerships that promote community revitalization and household financial stability. The department also assists financial institutions with understanding their responsibilities under the federal Community Reinvestment Act (CRA).
Our economic education staff provides free, high-quality resources designed to enhance understanding of the economy, the banking system, and personal finance. We accomplish this in two ways. One is to help K-12 teachers with training, lesson plans, and materials; the other is to distribute information about personal finance topics to the public.
Click on the team member below for a full biography and areas of interest.Washington Week: Evaluating The Recent PastPosted by Connor Pelton on July 9th, 2012
Despite winning the regular season Pac-12 title, a conference Coach of the Year award, and a run to the Final Four of the NIT, 2011-12 was considered a mediocre year by many in Seattle. That’s what happens when you make three consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances coming into last season. Between the 2008-09 and the 2010-11 seasons, Washington posted a combined 76-30 record, with 11 of those 30 losses coming against teams ranked in the Top 25. Last season was a rollercoaster ride with too many “downs” for the selection committee’s liking, even if there were a lot of “ups” to go along with it.
Despite Being Named Pac-12 Coach of the Year In 2011-12, Lorenzo Romar and The Huskies Weren’t Dancing On Selection Sunday (credit: North and South of Royal Brougham)
The Huskies knew going into the season that there would be some early roadbumps after losing do-everything players Matthew Bryan-Amaning and Isaiah Thomas. Grouped with what turned out to be a season-ending foot injury for guard Scott Suggs that was suffered during preseason workouts, the Dawgs limped out of the gate. Washington struggled to beat a Florida Atlantic team (the Owls finished the year with an 11-19 mark) at home in their second game of the season, and a week later would lose by 13 points against Saint Louis. The hits would keep on coming, as it would go on to lose three of its next four games after the trip to Missouri. Midway through that stretch, Washington announced that Suggs would redshirt the 2011-12 season. And while this was obviously a good choice for the future, it felt at the time being as if the Huskies had already given up some hope of a successful season. The low point of the season came in the first two games of its five game mid-December home stand. After limping to a 87-80 win over UC Santa Barbara, the Huskies were blown out of their home arena by South Dakota State, suffering a 19-point loss to the Jackrabbits. And while SDSU would go on to have a great season, they were just three days removed from a 19-point defeat of their own — at the hands of vaunted North Dakota.
Read the rest of this entry »I attended Tyler’s first twitter class that he has dubbed Twitterlicious. So how was it? It was very good. There is definite room for improvement, but it is hard not to pull for someone stepping out and embracing a new technology.
Was it perfect? Did it go off without a hitch? No. But it was definitely worth the participation.
It has been interesting to watch this class unfold. Tyler has been tweeting about the concept and the steps he took to implement it. My day job is instructional design and delivery, so I was intrigued to see how he would use the technology. It also helps that I am a Tyler Florence fan.
Evolution of an Idea
Initially it was proposed to have everyone follow each other during the class. This was very early, and abandoned. It would have been a nightmare. Tyler currently has 9,445 followers. Even if a fraction of those followers chose to follow each other, that would not be fun. Look at me, I did start this little pseudo-foodie blog, but I doubt I have much else in common with a lot of Tyler’s fans. They would quickly tire of having me in their twitterstream.
The next thing explored was a Twibe. Tyler set up Twitterlicious to manage the class. Although I missed any official announcement, it appears this idea was abandoned. None of Tyler’s tweets showed up in the twibe.
What launched was the simple use of a hashtag. Just before class Tyler sent out this message:
To participate in today class via Twitter simple follow #twtlish and everyone will be in a virtual class room.
If you are experienced in Twitter, this is all the information you need. If you are not, this could be confusing. I tried to help out by posting instructions on the Twibe, but there seemed to be a lot of confusion early on. We take a look at the tools to do this effectively later in this post.
The Class
Tyler Florence posted five options online for folks to choose from. Overwhelmingly, the burger was chosen. He posted the recipe and pictures on his web site. This was posted just before the class started, then over the course of about an hour, he posted the following tweets:
Hi Everybody. Welcome to Twitterlicious, the twitter cooking class designed to help you make great recipes for you family and friends.
Each week we’ll post five amazing dishes for you to choose from. On Wed. The dish with the most votes is the class recipe on Friday.
I’ll cook the dish at home, take step by step pictures and post them along with all of the recipes so you can follow along at your leisure.
To participate in today class via Twitter simple follow #twtlish and everyone will be in a virtual class room.
After we go through the recipe we’ll spend the rest of the class with a simple Q&A. No question is too small or no kitchen problem too big.
So with out any further adieu. Today’s class is about the Ultimate Burger. #twtlish
So I’ve had burgers from London To L.A. and ether they are fantastic or very boring.Today we’re going break down a fantastic burger #twtlish
Great burgers have three things in common. 1. Quality of Ingredients 2. Moisture and 3. Flavor #twtlish
Let’s take them one at a time. #twtlish
Quality is just that. The beef has to be outstanding. Grass fed is my personal favorite. The bun? fresh, soft, buttery golden brown.
everyone loves a juicy burger. That comes from marbling, the amount of fat vs. lean in the ground beef. #twtlish
70% – 30% lean to fat is ideal. #twtlish
last year we were playing around with different types of ground beef and found out that ground BRISKET is king! #twtlish
If you go to the butcher and grab a 2# brisket and ask them to grind it twice it will give you an amazing product. Perfect 70%-30% #twtlish
So the last thing that that all great burgers have in common is amazing flavor. Grilled beef alone is very flat in taste. #twtlish
Burgers needs a partner in crime! Ketchup? Mustard? Maybe. condiments taste great because of the sugar, acidity, and Spicy-ness #twtlish
So now that we know how to make a great burger, let’s make one. The recipe on my blog call for a 2# piece of brisket ground twice. #twtlish
Make 4, 8oz burgers. Split the mix into four pieces and form four perfect patties.Let them rest at room temp for 20 minutes #twtlish
Letting them rest will let them hold together better on the grill. #twtlish
Here comes the partner in crime! Green chili, roasted onion mayo with grilled lime. Off the chart ! #twtlish
use anaheim chilis or pablanos for the dressing. They have tones of fresh grassy flavor with out blowing your head off. #twtlish
Grill the chilis, onions and lime over high heat until the chili’s are blistered and the onions are charred and smokey. #twtlish
Peel the chili’s and finely chop with the onion. Blend both with a touch of sour cream and Mayo. Squeeze in the grilled juice, S&P #twtlish
when I cooking on the grill, I’ll take everything out there and keep the kitchen cool. Cook bacon in a pan on the grill. #twtlish
Burgers alone are bland. They need a decent amount of seasoning. Kosher salt, fresh cracked pepper and olive oil. #twtlish
burgers like a medium high heat. Not high. Because they are 8oz. thick they may burn over the high heat. med hi = less flare ups. #twtlish
If you like Medium Rare, we’re talking about 8 to 10 minutes per side. it should have internal temp of 132-ish #twtlish
Last but not least. The art of perfectly melted cheese. Never close the lid. Cheese goes from melted to liquified in a nano second. #twtlish
After the last flip. The temp on the burger alone in hot enough to melt the cheese.
The recipes and step by step photos are on by blog and will be up all weekend. Thanks for your PATIENCE (FNH!)
we’ll get better at this as the weeks go by but we welcome comments or suggestions on making this an amazing experience for everyone.
I’ll be taking questions all day. We’ve received TON! of questions. It may take an hour or so to get to everyone, but I will! #twtlish.
Class dismissed. Have a great weekend and keep on cooking! #twtlish
As of Friday evening he had still not answered any questions. I don’t doubt that he will get them up, but it is unclear how or where they will appear.
I like the format. I hope he continues the classes, though I am sure he will tweak the process. Here are the thoughts I have:
- Tighten up the timing of the Tweets. It seemed to take an awful long time between some of his tweets.
- Provide clearer information on how to participate. This was a first try, and I think it was great, but there were a lot of folks confused by the process.
- Answer questions sooner. This would probably require him having assistants gather the questions and give the to him in an organized way.
- Integrate Q&A into class. Maybe think in terms of sections and answer questions between each section. This would require even more coordination with assistants monitoring the questions coming in.
Tyler showed a lot of courage trying this experiment. He has actively solicited feedback, and I look forward to how Twitterlicious evolves over the coming weeks.
The Audience
So that is how Tyler did, what about the audience? It was a little chaotic. But I think a little more guidance on the front end could help. I only noticed two folks jumping in with the highly unoriginal and unhelpful #epicfail tweet. It was too early in the class, and unfair for the first go around. Some folks wanted others to keep quiet, not realizing they had control of that. I think the audience could benefit by:
- Realizing the unique and free opportunity Tyler is providing.
- Understanding how they can self-manage the class (filter out the noise) and therefore whine less about others.
I hope TylerFlorence.com puts up a handy guide for folks, but for the time being, I’ll include some of my tips about the technology next.
The Technology
By using a Hash tag Tyler left the choice of tech up to his audience. Essentially a Hash tag is a label you add to a tweet to identify what it is all about. In fact you need no other tool than the Twitter home page. Tyler also helped by picking a nice compact hashtag. Since you need to add it to each tweet, it cuts down on what you post. #TylersTwitterliciousCookingClass would eat up too many characters. #twtlish only took 8 characters out (9 if you include a space).
To follow a hashtag you can:
- Use the Twitter page to search real time for ‘#twtlish‘ and even save the search for later use.
- Search on ‘#twtlish’ within most clients (I use TweetDeck).
- Use a tool like TweetChat or TweetGrid to track and post.
A number of folks used TweetGrid, but I got so annoyed by that app tweeting:
I’m getting real-time search results at TweetGrid #twtlish
I don’t think I could ever use it. It is a horrible tool for an application like this, because everyone who uses it adds a pointless tweet into the stream telling you what they are using. Perhaps someone more familiar with the product could advise us if there is a way to override this “feature”.
I used TweetChat to follow the discussion. Here is a snapshot of the conversation from it:
Besides not sending out an annoying tweet for everyone who uses it, TweetChat has some really nice options:
- Once you log in with your twitter account, you can post right from the screen and it adds the hashtag to your post.
- You can list names to highlight. In the example above I had it highlight Tyler’s posts.
- You can choose accounts to ignore.
So, I am a big TweetChat fan, and this is the first time I have used it.
What are your thoughts? Please add your comments below. Anything you want to add about the experience, or tips on tools you uesed?
I really like it (and plan on getting a twice-ground brisket this weekend!) I followed the class with TweetDeck…I gave up a column for a search for “#twtlish OR twitterlicious”. This worked out well because I was working and taking care of my son and couldn’t pay constant attention to what was going on.
It really helped that he blogged the recipe first, although I thought that pieces of it were out of order. (I might have been reading it too fast.)
I thought it was a great idea and hope others do something similar
Acute toxicity of hydrogen peroxide treatments to selected lifestages of cold-, cool-, and warmwater fish
Aquaculture
Abstract has subscript/superscript to be fixed
- By:
- Mark P. Gaikowski, Jeffery J. Rach, and Robert T. Ramsay
DOI: 10.1016/S0044-8486(99)00123-4Tweet
Links
- More Information:
- Download citation as: RIS
AbstractHat.
Additional Publication Details
- Publication type:
- Article
- Publication Subtype:
- Journal Article
- Title:
- Acute toxicity of hydrogen peroxide treatments to selected lifestages of cold-, cool-, and warmwater fish
- Series title:
- Aquaculture
- DOI:
- 10.1016/S0044-8486(99)00123-4
- Volume
- 178
- Issue:
- 3-4
- Year Published:
- 1999
- Language:
- Publisher:
- Elsevier
- Publisher location:
- Amsterdam, Netherlands
- Contributing office(s):
- Upper Midwest Environmental Sciences Center
- Description:
- 17 p.
- Larger Work Type:
- Article
- Larger Work Subtype:
- Journal Article
- Larger Work Title:
- Aquaculture
- First page:
- 191
- Last page:
- 207Find a copy in the library
Finding libraries that hold this item...
Details
Abstract:
Commerce with the Classics: Ancient Books and Renaissance Readers illustrates the immense variety of humanist readers during the Renaissance. Grafton describes life in the Renaissance library, how the act of reading was shaped by the physical environment, and various folkways of reading during the time. A strong sense of what skilled reading was like in the past is built up through anecdotes, philological analysis, and case studies. Anthony Grafton's latest work will be of immense interest to Renaissance and intellectual historians and philologists, as well as classicists and a broad range of scholars.
Reviews
Similar Items
Related Subjects:(18)
- Classical literature -- Appreciation -- Europe.
- Books and reading -- Europe -- History -- 16th century.
- Learning and scholarship -- History -- 16th century.
- Classicism -- Europe.
- Humanists -- Europe.
- Books and reading.
- Classical literature -- Appreciation.
- Classicism.
- Humanists.
- Learning and scholarship.
- Europe.
- Receptie.
- Lezen.
- Humanistes -- Europe.
- Littérature antique -- Appréciation -- Renaissance.
- Savoir et érudition -- Renaissance.
- Livres et lecture -- Renaissance.
- Classicisme -- Europe.
User lists with this item (2)
- Books, Printing, Reading :: Reformation Period(130 items)by paul.commonplaces updated 2011-10-20
- Reading in the Renaissance(9 items)Strictly Confidential (Southampton)
WhatsOnStage Reviewer • Southampton • 26 Jun 2013
Mayflower, Southampton
Dance professionals Natalie Lowe, Artem Chigvintsev, Ian Wait and Strictly Come Dancing semi-finalist, Lisa Riley receive an enthusiastic welcome from the audience on opening night at the Mayflower, Southampton.
Strictly Confidential is a dance/musical extravaganza which promises to take the audience into the backgrounds of the stars, live on stage, giving personal insight into what led them to their Strictly adventures, telling their stories through music, song and dance routines.
Guy Levy
Her story moves us to tears at times, but her bubbly ‘whole lot of Emmerdale story in five minutes' is great fun.
It does feel a bit like the Lisa Riley show at times, but all the principals share life stories and background gossip, some beautifully enacted in dance - others dashing along at breathtaking speed.
The variety of ballroom and Latin dance is perfect and a great reminder of the enormous skill at the heart of the Strictly phenomenon. Whilst charmed by such faultless performances, for me, a second female professional lead would enhance this entertaining show.
The higlight of the evening are the brilliant, all singing-all dancing musicians. The fabulous singer/percussionist, Rietta Austin, has a truly amazing range of vocals. Her performance is pure delight.
Strictly Confidential is aimed squarely at fans of the series, but there is still plenty of reason to see the show, even if you're not a fan. Watching the statuesque Ian and Natalie gliding across the stage is mesmerising. But it is Artem – always the ladies man- who steals the show. Every graceful turn and every sensual look is perfect passion!
Alongside the stars is a corps of young, but very proficient dancers. Perhaps the next generation of Strictly professionals in waiting?
- Vera NewshamNEW DELHI Petronet LNG Ltd. (PLNG.NS) will invest 45 billion rupees to build a liquefied natural gas (LNG) terminal on India's east coast by 2016 to help meet the growing demand of the energy-hungry nation.
Companies are building LNG import and regasification facilities on the east coast to meet demand of eastern and central part of India as plants are now located only on the west coast.
Petronet, partly owned by GAIL (GAIL.NS), Indian Oil Corp (IOC.NS) and refiner Bharat Petroleum Corp (BPCL.NS), has signed an agreement with Gangavaram Port Ltd. to build the 5-million-tonne-a-year plant in southern Andhra Pradesh state, the gas importer said in a statement on Wednesday.
Problems at the D6 block, off India's east coast operated by Reliance Industries (RELI.NS), have curtailed domestic output while state-run Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) struggles to arrest declining production from its ageing field.
Asia's third-largest economy is scouting for long-term LNG contracts to help power electricity generation, fertiliser production, city gas distribution and industries.
Gas accounts for about 10 percent of India's primary energy basket versus the world average of 24 percent, and the country's gas demand is expected to grow at 14 percent in the next five years, P ri me Minister Manmohan Singh said in September.
India aims to increase its LNG handling capacity to 50 million tonnes a year by 2017 from 13.5 million tonnes now, Oil Minister Jaipal Reddy said in March.
Petronet buys 7.5 million tonnes of LNG under a long-term deal with Qatar at Dahej and has tied up 1.5 million tonnes of LNG annually from Australia's Gorgon project from 2014 for its Kochi plant.
India aims to double its LNG imports from Qatar and has sought 3 million tonnes of LNG for immediate requirement in the country. coast at Hazira in Gujarat, while commissioning of Dabhol LNG plant on the west coast is imminent.
Last month, French utility GDF Suez (GSZ.PA) signed a deal with Andhra Pradesh Gas Distribution Corporation for developing India's first floating LNG terminal.
State-run Indian Oil Corp (IOC.NS) is also building a 5 million tonnes per year LNG terminal at Ennore in southern India, which is expected to come online by 2014.
(Reporting by Nidhi Verma; editing by Malini Menon; editing by MaliniSynonyms: NTPase activity, nucleoside 5-triphosphatase activity, nucleoside triphosphatase activity, nucleoside triphosphate hydrolase activity, nucleoside triphosphate phosphohydrolase activity, nucleoside-5-triphosphate phosphohydrolase activity, unspecific diphosphate phosphohydrolase activity
Definition: Catalysis of the reaction: a nucleoside triphosphate + H2O = nucleoside diphosphate + phosphate.
Parent Classes:
GO:0016462 - pyrophosphatase activity
Child Classes:
GO:0003774 - motor activity (8) ,
GO:0003924 - GTPase activity (25) ,
GO:0004386 - helicase activity (30) ,
GO:0016887 - ATPase activity (214) ,
GO:0043273 - CTPase activity (1)
Term Members:
nucleoside di- and triphosphate hydrolase [multifunctional] (nudJ) ,
RdgB ,
ITPase/XTPase (yjjX) ,
DNA polymerase III, τ subunit (dnaX)
Unification Links: GO:0017111CLARK at SALK-SC2.SDSC.EDU (Steve Clark) writes: >I strongly believe that there should be a forum to discuss >genome issues but there is a possibility that the groups could become too >fragmented to be useful. > So, let me propose, informally, that there be one genome newsgroup >devoted to ALL aspects of genome science, for both eukaryotes and >prokaryotes, for discussion of software, reagents, techniques, funding, >meetings, yeast contamination of cDNA libraries, or whatever. I like this idea, but Dave K. makes also the good point that: > from kristoff at net.bio.net (David Kristofferson) > >It would certainly facilitate more inter-disciplinary >communications, but would it result in a lot of people tuning out the >newsgroup completely because they didn't want to read technical >discussions of ACEDB software?!?!.68550 Dinah Shore DrCathedral City, CA 92234-5701
(760) 328-0187
Calvary Bible Church on Dinah Shore Dr in Cathedral City, CA is in the Beach California section(s) Religious Organizations and Religious Organizations. The map of Calvary Bible Church shows the approximate location in Cathedral City, but you should call them at phone number (760) 328-0187 to verify their address is 68550 Dinah Shore Drive, Cathedral City, California 92234-5701 -Marfan Syndrome– Causes, Symptoms, Diagnosis, Treatment and Ongoing care
Basics
Description
- Marfan syndrome (MFS) is an inherited disorder of connective tissue.
- System(s) affected: Musculoskeletal; Cardiovascular; Ocular; Pulmonary; Skin/Integument; Connective Tissue (Dura)
- Because many features of MFS appear in the general population, specific diagnostic criteria (Ghent nosology) were established, recognizing a constellation of features, with major and minor criteria for establishing the diagnosis (1).
- The nosology was revised (23) because the previous criteria were not sufficiently validated, were not consistently applicable in children, or necessitated expensive and specialized tests.
Pediatric Considerations
Early surgical intervention may reduce the degree of scoliosis.
Pregnancy Considerations
- Manage pregnancy in MFS as high-risk, preferably with a cardiologist. Pre-pregnancy evaluation should include a screening transthoracic echocardiogram for aortic root dilation.
- Beta-blockers should be considered in all pregnancies to minimize the risk of aortic dilation throughout the pregnancy.
- 1% complication rate if aortic root diameter <40 mm; 10% if >40 mm. Consider elective surgery before pregnancy if >47 mm.
Epidemiology
- Congenital. Although clinical manifestations may be apparent in infancy, affected individuals may not present until adolescence or young adulthood.
- No gender, ethnic, or racial predilection. With advanced paternal age, a slightly increased risk of de novo mutation resulting in MFS in offspring.
Prevalence
1/3,000–1/5,000
Risk Factors
Genetics
- Mutations of the fibrillin-1 (FBN1) gene on chromosome 15q21.1 are responsible for Marfan syndrome, OMIM #154700.
- MFS is an autosomal-dominant condition with complete penetrance and variable expressivity. Apparent nonpenetrance may be due to lack of recognition of MFS in a mildly affected individual.
- Each child of an affected parent has a 50% chance of inheriting the disorder, and may be more or less severely affected. 25% of cases result from de novo mutation.
General Prevention
- Prenatal diagnosis is possible in families with a known mutation.
- Antibiotic prophylaxis against endocarditis for dental and other procedures is no longer routinely recommended by the ADA/AHA.
- Athletes who are especially tall should be screened for aortic root dilation.
Etiology
Genetic abnormality; mutations of the FBN1 (fibrillin) gene. Fibrillin is an extracellular matrix protein widely distributed in elastic and nonelastic connective tissue.
Commonly Associated Conditions
- High prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea in MFS; may be a risk factor for aortic root dilatation (4).
- Increased prevalence of migraine in MFS.
Diagnosis
- In the revised Ghent nosology:
- CV manifestations (aortic root aneurysm/dissection) and ectopia lentis have more weight.
- Molecular genetic testing for FBN1 plays a more prominent diagnostic role but is not required.
- Less-specific manifestations were removed or made less influential, thus avoiding obligate thresholds that were not evidence-based. Careful follow-up diminishes risk of missed diagnosis.
- New criteria explicitly allow for alternative diagnoses, where additional features warrant: Shprintzen-Goldberg syndrome (SGS), Loeys-Dietz syndrome (LDS), or vascular type Ehlers-Danlos syndrome (vEDS).
- Z-score calculator for aortic root enlargement:
- In the absence of a family history of MFS:
- Aortic root dilatation or dissection (Z≥2) (Ao) and ectopia lentis (EL): Unequivocal diagnosis of MFS, irrespective of systemic features, except were they are diagnostic of SGS, LDS, or vEDS
- Ao and a bona fide FBN1 mutation: Diagnostic of MFS, even in the absence of EL
- Where Ao is present, but EL is absent and the FBN1 status is negative (or unknown), diagnosis of MFS requires systemic findings score ≥7 points using a new scoring system (see below), and exclusion of SGS, LDS, and vEDS.
- With EL but without Ao, FBN1 mutation previously associated with Ao is required for diagnosis of MFS.
- Systemic features, scoring system (see Physical Examination):
- Wrist and thumb sign +3; wrist or thumb sign +1
- Pectus carinatum deformity +2; pectus excavatum or chest asymmetry +1
- Hindfoot deformity +2; pes planus +1
- Pneumothorax +2
- Dural ectasia +2
- Protrusio acetabuli +2 by X-ray, CT, or MRI
- Reduced Upper-to-Lower segment ratio (US/LS) and increased arm/height and no severe scoliosis +1
- Scoliosis or thoracolumbar kyphosis +1
- Reduced elbow extension +1
- Facial features (3/5) +1
- Skin striae +1
- Myopia >3 diopters +1
- Mitral valve prolapse (all types) +1
- Maximum: 20 points; score ≥7 indicates systemic involvement
- Positive family history requires a family member independently diagnosed using above criteria.
- With a positive family history, MFS can be diagnosed with ectopia lentis, or systemic score ≥7, or aortic root dilatation with Z ≥2 in persons >20 years old, or Z ≥3 in persons <20 years old.
- In persons <20 years old who have negative family history and suggestive findings, but who do not meet Ghent criteria, “non-specific connective tissue disorder” is diagnosed, and close clinical follow-up is recommended.
- In the presence of a relevant FBN1 mutation, “potential MFS” is diagnosed, and close follow-up recommended.
- In adults who have suggestive findings but who do not meet Ghent criteria, consider alternative diagnoses: Ectopia lentis syndrome (ELS), mitral valve prolapse syndrome (MVPS), MASS phenotype.
Physical Exam
- Facial features: Dolichocephaly, enophthalmos, downslanting palpebral fissures, malar hypoplasia, retrognathia
- Thumb sign: Distal phalanx of thumb protrudes from clenched fist. Wrist sign: Thumb and 5th digit overlap when circling wrist.
- Pectus carinatum deformity: Pectus excavatum or chest asymmetry beyond normal variation
- Hindfoot valgus with forefoot abduction and lowering of the midfoot; should be distinguished from pes planus
- Reduced US/LS: 0.93 in unaffected individuals vs ≤0.85 in affected white adults, ≤0.78 in affected black adults. US is measured from the top of the head to the top of the mid pubic bone; LS is measured from the top of the pubic bone to the sole of the foot. In children, abnormal US/LS: US/LS <1, age 0–5 years; US/LS <0.95, 6–7 years; US/LS <0.9, 8–9 years; <0.85, age ≥ 10 years.
- Increased arm span to height ratio >1.05
- Scoliosis or thoracolumbar kyphosis diagnosed if upon bending forward, there is a vertical difference ≥1.5 cm between the ribs of the left and right hemithorax.
- Reduced elbow extension if angle between upper and lower arm measures ≤170º upon full extension.
- Skin: Striae atrophicae are significant if not associated with significant weight changes (or pregnancy) and if located on mid-back, lumbar region, upper arm, axilla, or thigh.
- Because of lack of specificity, the following criteria were removed from the current nosology: Joint hypermobility, high arched palate, and recurrent or incisional herniae (2).
Diagnostic Tests & Interpretation
Lab
- Other than FBN1 mutation, no specific laboratory abnormalities are associated with MFS.
- Specific criteria have been established (2) for FBN1 mutations causative of MFS, including those found in families with MFS. FBN1 mutation is a valuable marker for risk or aortic dissection (5). In a small subset of patients with unequivocal MFS, no known FBN1 mutation is found.
- In patients whose physical examination is suggestive of MFS, urinary homocystine should be measured to rule out homocystinuria, an inborn error of methionine metabolism.
Imaging
- Anteroposterior (AP) radiograph: Diagnosis of protrusio acetabuli. Results from deepening of hip sockets during growth; does not cause problems during childhood
- Scoliosis: Cobb’s angle ≥20º on radiographs. Imaging for MFS diagnosis, or as per clinical exam.
- Hindfoot valgus with forefoot abduction and lowering of the midfoot: Anterior and posterior views if clinically indicated
- Echocardiography: Measure aortic root at the level of sinuses of Valsalva; check for mitral valve prolapse.
- MRI or CT to evaluate for dural ectasia for diagnosis, and if symptomatic. Symptoms highly variable, nonspecific, and include lower back pain.
Diagnostic Procedures/Surgery
- Ectopia lentis is diagnosed on slit lamp examination after maximal dilatation of the pupil. Lens dislocation is most often upward and temporal.
- Myopia: Common in the general population; myopia >3 diopters contributes to MFS systemic score.
Pathological Findings
- Cystic medial necrosis of the aorta
- Myxomatous degeneration of cardiac valves
Differential Diagnosis
Several conditions present clinical manifestations overlapping with MFS in cardiovascular, ocular, and skeletal systems.
- Ectopia lentis syndrome—no aortic root dilatation
- Mitral valve prolapse syndrome—MVP, limited systemic features may include pectus excavatum, scoliosis, mild arachnodactyly; aortic enlargement and ectopia lentis preclude this diagnosis.
- MASS phenotype—(Mitral valve prolapse; myopia; borderline, nonprogressive Aortic enlargement (Z <2); and nonspecific Skeletal and Skin involvement). Aortic involvement in MASS is usually nonprogressive; some risk for more severe vascular involvement.
- Shprintzen-Goldberg syndrome; Loeys-Dietz syndrome; Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
- Homocystinuria—Marfanoid habitus, thrombosis, mental retardation; urine amino acid analysis is diagnostic; lens dislocates downward.
- Familial thoracic aortic aneurysm
- Stickler syndrome; congenital contractural arachnodactyly; Weill-Marchsesani syndrome; multiple endocrine neoplasia, type 2B
Treatment
Medication
- Prevention of aortic complications: Labetalol or other β-adrenergic blockers. Dosage adjusted to target heart rate (resting rate 60 beats/min, increase to ≤110 beats/min after moderate exertion; or <100 beats/min after submaximal exercise) (2)[C].
- Other agents used if β-blockers contraindicated. Calcium channel blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, and angiotensin receptor blockers also retard aortic dilation in children and adolescents (6)[B].
Additional Treatment
Issues for Referral
Genetics, Cardiology, Orthopedics, Ophthalmology
Surgery/Other Procedures
- When cardiac symptoms develop or aortic root diameter is ≥5.0 cm, consider surgical intervention. Many MFS patients will ultimately require reconstructive cardiovascular surgery.
- Dissection of ascending aorta (type A) is a surgical emergency. Consider prophylactic surgery when diameter of sinus of Valsalva approaches 5.0 cm (2). Other considerations include family history, rate of change, other cardiac pathology, pregnancy.
- Dissection of descending thoracic aorta (type B) surgical indications include intractable pain, limb or organ ischemia, aortic diameter >5.5 cm (or rapidly increasing) (2).
- Mitral valve repair: For severe mitral valve regurgitation or progressive LV dilatation or dysfunction, or in patients undergoing valve-sparing root replacement (2).
- Lens subluxation: Incidence of glaucoma is high, so surgery is performed only if the condition cannot be treated with corrective lenses. Surgical removal of lens in lens opacity, impending complete luxation, lens-induced glaucoma or uveitis, or anisometropia or refractive error not amenable to optical correction (2).
- Severe pectus excavatum may require surgery.
- Scoliosis: Bracing for curves 20–40º until growth is complete, or surgery if >40º.
- Surgery only for most severe cases of dural ectasia.
- Hip replacement in middle age or later if protrusio acetabulae has led to severe arthritic change.
Ongoing Care
Follow-Up Recommendations
- Avoid sports that can increase aortic root enlargement or pneumothorax, including weightlifting and acceleration/deceleration sports. Low-risk sports include bowling, golf, skating (but not ice hockey), snorkeling, brisk walking, treadmill walking or stationary biking, modest hiking (7)[C].
- Exercise restrictions based on individual circumstances (7). Recommendation from the National Marfan Foundation () and guidelines from the American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology task forces. In general, avoid contact sports, Valsalva, and exhaustion.
Patient Monitoring
Frequent examinations (at least twice per year) while patient is still growing, with particular attention to cardiovascular system and to scoliosis.
- Yearly echocardiograms (initially), more frequent if aortic diameter is increasing rapidly (≥5 cm/year) or is approaching the surgical threshold (≥4.5 cm in adults).
- Aortic root dilatation in MFS is usually progressive, warrants vigilance even when not seen on initial examination. Age <20, yearly echocardiogram. Adults with repeatedly normal aortic root measurements, echocardiogram every 2–3 years (2).
- Regular imaging after surgical repair of aorta.
- Scoliosis or pectus deformity: standard orthopedic management. Clinical evaluation for scoliosis earlier than in general population. Plain radiographs of spine during growth years to detect and measure scoliosis.
- Annual ophthalmologic evaluation for detection of ectopia lentis, myopia, cataract, glaucoma, and retinal detachment. Myopia is very common in MFS and may have early onset, rapid progression, and high degree of severity. Early monitoring, aggressive refraction to prevent amblyopia (2).
Patient Education
- National Marfan Foundation, 382 Main St., Port Washington, NY 11959; 800-8MARFAN,
- American Heart Association at
Prognosis
Life-threatening complications involve cardiovascular dysfunction. In 1972, life span was 32 years. Currently, life span is nearly normal.
Complications
Bacterial endocarditis, aortic dissection, aortic or mitral valve insufficiency, dilated cardiomyopathy, retinal detachment, glaucoma, pneumothorax.
References
1. De Paepe A, Devereux RB, Dietz HC, et al. Revised diagnostic criteria for the Marfan syndrome. Am J Med Genet. 1996;62:417–26.
2. Loeys BL, Dietz HC, Braverman AC, et al. The revised Ghent nosology for the Marfan syndrome. J Med Genet. 2010;47:476–85.
3.–60.
4. Kohler M, Blair E, Risby P, et al. The prevalence of obstructive sleep apnoea and its association with aortic dilatation in Marfan’s syndrome. Thorax. 2008.
5. Faivre L, Collod-Beroud G, Child A, et al. Contribution of molecular analyses in diagnosing Marfan syndrome and type I fibrillinopathies: an international study of 1009 probands. J Med Genet. 2008;45:384–90.
6. Williams A, Davies S, Stuart AG, et al. Medical treatment of Marfan syndrome: a time for change. Heart. 2008;94:414–21.
7. Maron BJ, Chaitman BR, Ackerman MJ, et al. Recommendations for physical activity and recreational sports participation for young patients with genetic cardiovascular diseases. Circulation.2004;109:2807–16.
Codes
ICD9
759.82 Marfan syndrome
Snomed
19346006 Marfan syndrome (disorder)
Clinical Pearls
- Because many features of MFS appear in the general population, diagnostic criteria have been established. Molecular diagnostic testing for FBN1 mutations will play an increasing role.
- Not all individuals with MFS are tall.
- Early diagnosis of homocystinuria is important because clinical complications, which include a high risk of vascular thrombosis, can be minimized with appropriate diet and medication.mole
it's a unit of measure used to determine the number of atoms in a molecule, equal to 6.022 x 10^23; multiply mole by atomic mass of element to find the number of moles in an atom; moles = grams/molar mass; # of grams = molar mass x moles
Bose-Einstein Condensate
higher level of entropy than a plasma where molecules begin to combine into a single massive molecule
physical properties
observed without changing the substance's chemical properties; melting point, odor...
chemical properties
observed when a substance reacts with another substance chemically: toxicity, flammability, reactivity...
atom vs molecule
An atom exists within a molecule, and is an element. A molecule can have one or more types of atoms inside it, and can be an element or a compound.
endothermic reaction
The heat comes from from the molecules changing identity, from energy. The energy was transferred according to the law of conservation of energy.
importance of conservation of matter
Atoms cannot be created nor destroyed, only transferred; a scientist could determine what original substances were combined with to make new ones, and from there a formula could be developed.
noble gasses
they do not react to extreme heat or energy because they've already reached the octet, so they are considered lazy; 2s2p6
sources of periodic table's symbols
The universal language chosen to represent the elements was latin; in latin the symbol of gold Au makes sense, it's Aurorium. Once new elements came along where the letter was already taken they were given a second letter to differentiate themselves.
base metric measurements
They are the starting points where all other units of measure are based upon, their definition.
answering questions with science
The scientific method does not use guesses, rather a tight set of rules. A hypothesis is an educated statement based on a previous researched that cannot be changed to match results after an experiment.
dimensional analysis cannot be used to convert units
If there's no equality you cannot make a conversion. You must change the unit.
accuracy vs precision
Accuracy is based on a known answer, while precision is based on the tool you use to measure with. it's assumed that the more precise of a tool used the more accurate your answer will be.
theory vs hypothesis
theories have been tested so many times that they've been proven correct; hypotheses can e either true or false; every theory started with a hypothesis
the metric system over time
It's become more and more accurate; the meter was first based on a distance divided between the north and south poles, and has since been changed to a certain distance that light travels. The more accurate an answer the more beneficial research would be and people could agree on answers.
derived unit
uses to who base measurements. this could be density (mass/volume) like g/m3 or finding the amount of substance in a given volume (moles/m3).
importance of rounding to significance
It will let me and my readers know the precision of my instrument, and the numbers i got with it. the more precise the less confusion there will be in comparing with other answers.
determining significant values
count numbers over 0 after the decimal; don't count 0's in numbers before/after decimal unless in between numbers <0;
must be rounded to sigfigs least number, and scinot between 1 and 10
Dalton's important parts to atomic theory
1. during a chemical reaction elements cannot be created nor destroyed, only rearranged, combined, or subdivided
2. compounds with the same elements exist in whole number ratios; when they behave different they have different proportions- a fixed ratio.
four common parts of the atom
1. proton- positive charge, with a weight of 1836/1837th of a hydrogen atom; found in nucleus; most important part of atom because it identifies the atom
2. electron-negative charge with a weight of 1/1837th of a hydrogen atom. Found around nucleus.
3. nucleus- positive mass located in the center of the atom- very tiny.
4. neutron- located in nucleus with no charge; mass of 1837/1837th of hydrogen atom.
four forces of the universe
gravity-not affective at atomic level; what gives an object mass
electromagnetic force- positive and negative charges attract; keeps matter from existing in two places at once
strong nuclear force- bonds protons together in a tight place
weak nuclear force- stronger force overcomes strong force and makes atoms separate; radioactive element
avogrado's number
6.022 x 10^23; number of atoms in a given element; with it you can find how many atoms are in a certain number of grams; you use moles for mathematical conversions at a molecular level.
rutherford's experiment
he had a screen surrounding a malleable gold foil at which he shot protons. he found 99% of the protons went straight through, and the rest either shot straight back on went in another direction. from this he found there must be a nucleus, protons are positive, electrons surround the nucleus, and neutrons exist in the nucleus with a neutral charge.
radioactive isotope substitution
They can be substituted for non radioactive isotopes with not change in results because it's a physical property. Chemically they're exactly the same.
most common isotope mass
is the element's atomic mass rounded to the nearest whole number. The process works because it's the most commonly occurring, unique to all other elements' isotopes.
quantum values
N- principle quantum number and main energy level; whole numbers 1-7
L- orbital quantum number determines which suborbital (N-1) to 0
M- magnetic quantum number tells which orbital the electron is in; -l to 0 to l
S- spin quantum number is the spin level and says you can only have two electrons in any main energy level; up or down
quantum values, electron configuration, and orbital notation
ex. 1 0 0 up/down; 2s2p6 (inconsistency 3d1 and 4s2 switched); up down combination (remember hund's rule)
3 principles of quantum mechanics model
aufbau- an electron goes into the lowest energy level first and works its way up
pauli's exclusionary- each electron has a unique set of four numbers: N, L, M, and S
hund's- you must first list all the possible electrons in a main energy level before giving their pairs
atoms releasing energy
an atom absorbs energy and moves from one energy level to the next.
it knows it not in the right place and so release energy, giving off a photon of light.
by back tracing the energy of an atom you can tell where it was before it got excited and emitted light.
why an atom gives off different light in its emission spectrum
during each energy drop it gives you different colors, and enters different energy levels
how it's possible for two electrons to occupy the same space orbital
they must be waves out of phase, overlapping at nullpoint
frequency of a beam of light -> energy it can carry
the frequency determines the color of a beam; the higher the energy the higher the frequency
how many of the same orbitals an energy level can have?
how many ways you can orientate the shape without overlapping the orbitals
importance of element's number and location of electrons
can determine how the atom acts and its location
four periodic table family names
alkali metals- group 1
alkaline earth metals- group 2
transitional metals- groups 3-12
noble gasses- group 18
mendeleyev
was the first to organize the elements by atomic number, and discovered the periodic law; he arranged elements by atomic weight and properties; there were gaps where atoms were supposed to match but weren't there, so he determined not all the elements were known
nonmetal activity
nonmetals gain electrons; small atoms have greater aptitude for electrons thus more active
chemical family
contains similar characteristics involving reactivity; their location on the periodic table and their properties determines relationship; the number of valence electrons
transitional elements
d block; first D is third, but they don't start filling till the S has 4; inconsistency of quantum mechanicsSpike Lee’s 1992 biopic on DVD and Blu-ray, loaded with unreleased bonus features.
It’s been two decades since Spike Lee released his powerful biopic Malcolm X, starring Denzel Washington in a spot on, Oscar-nominated role as the late civil rights leader. For the 20th anniversary, and just in time for Black History Month, the film is on Blu-ray and DVD this week, loaded with new bonus features, including the exclusive unreleased clip we have above.
The Blu-ray includes The Making of Malcolm X, a 30-minute documentary that features commentary from Lee (who directed, produced, wrote the screen play and acted in the film). The crew and Lee detail stories from creating the film, including Lee having to call on prominent African-American names like Oprah Winfrey, Bill Cosby and Michael Jordan to get funding to finish the film.
Other Blue-ray features include a 40-page digi-book that details the film from scene to scene, nine deleted scenes and actor bios. Viewers also get the 1972 documentary Malcolm X on DVD, written by Arnold Perl and based on The Autobiography of Malcolm X as told to Alex Haley.
BET.com is your #1 source for Black celebrity news, photos, exclusive videos and all the latest in the world of hip hop and R&B music.
Videos You May Like
Celebrities Selma: Civil Rights Then & Now Clip (12/19/2014)
Celebrities Taraji, Denzel and Others on... Clip (11/26/2014)
Wendy Williams The Cosby Controversy Gets Hot Clip (11/21/2014)
Wendy Williams Wendy Mourns Bill Cosby’s Legacy Clip (11/19/2014)
B* Real Funny Style: Alicia Keys’s... Clip (10/6)
Movies Trailer: The Equalizer Clip (8/15/2014)
Celebrities Spike Lee Honored at Celebration... Clip (6/23/2014)
B* Real Belle Director Amma Asante on... Clip (6/2/2014)
Celebrities Kenny Leon on Denzel and Tonys... Clip (6/1/2014)
106 & Park The Buzz: Donald Sterling's... Clip (5/1/2014)
BET Honors Aretha Franklin Sings Tribute to... Clip (2/24/2014)
BET Honors Highlights: Madiba’s Illustrious... Clip (2/24/2014)
BET Honors Nelson Mandela Is Honored Clip (2/24/2014)
BET Exclusive Spike Lee Predicts Lupita... Clip (2/24/2014)
BET Exclusive Spike Lee's Message to Hollywood Clip (2/20/2014)
BET Exclusive Spike Lee on Why Denzel Got Robbed Clip (2/20/2014)Should ‘All You Can Eat’ Restaurants Be Allowed to Cut People Off? Daily Dose of Weird [VIDEOS][POLL]
I worked in retail for over three years. While it’s not quite the same as food service, I did learn one truth that applies to both industries: Whenever a business runs a special promotion, at least one person will take extreme advantage of it and ruin it for everyone else.
That definitely seems to be the case in Wisconsin, where a man started picketing a local restaurant after they cut him off during their “all-you-can-eat fish fry.”
The man claims to be standing up for consumers and protesting against false advertising (which is the same line I got every time I was forced to adjust the price of 30 jars of baby food…one by one); but the truth is, he took advantage, and the business wouldn’t put up with it. At least, that’s how I see things. What do you think? Check out the videos below covering this issue, then cast your vote in the poll below. As usual, I’ll share your comments on my show, and you can alwaysMichigan Information
Fringing Lake Huron, Lake Erie, Lake St. Clair, St. Clair River, and the Detroit River, this travel region is home to riverfront recreational wonderlands that include Port Huron, St. Clair, Marysville, Marine City, Algonac, and the antique town of Monroe.
From the point at which the Great Lakes and the connecting rivers converge, a bevy of operable lighthouses overlook two of the world's narrowest channels. This riverfront is a vibrant trail of botanical gardens, zoos, conservatories, museums, aquariums, marinas, shops, restaurants, and outdoor parks. In addition, these strategically located waters along the U.S. and Canadian border, are considered world-class fisheries for smallmouth bass and muskellunge.
Green space is never far away in Southeast Michigan. Nearly a dozen state park facilities lie within an hour's drive of most residents. Dotting the countryside, visitors will find quaint villages including a Quaker community whose descendants were among those that harbored fugitive black slaves traveling the Underground Railroad.
Attractions
- The Southeast Travel Region has something of interest for every imaginable recreation taste. One of the most popular outdoor recreations includes watching the ocean freighters as they maneuver their way between Great Lakes Huron and Erie along the St. Clair and Detroit rivers while passing through Lake St. Clair, a world-class fishery.
The region is known for antiquing, skydiving and shopping at Cabela's, the World's Foremost Outfitter. Restored railroads are a favorite in the region, in particular the Southern Michigan Railroad, which is popular among the fall color enthusiasts. Nature lovers visiting the Gerald R. Ford Library in Ann Arbor will not want to miss the exquisite little garden located next door at the Bentley Historical Library. Touring lighthouses is enjoyed year-round. A favorite location is where Lake Huron spills into the St. Clair River at which point Michigan's oldest lighthouse rests. Another interesting area is Domino's Farms, home of Tom Monaghan who was the founder of Domino's Pizza. Born into poverty, this self-made multimillionaire provides a recreation Mecca to tourists with attractions that include a children's petting farm, wildlife exhibits, and holiday tours. Individuals looking for a more rustic experience will want to tour St. John's Marsh, a wildlife refuge and hunting zone. Nostalgia can be found along the northern edge of Dexter, where the Dexter Cider Mill, circa 1836, resides.
Detroit is known as an attraction for the entire family. From world-class museums, to exciting casinos, to professional sports teams, to fantastic shopping and great restaurants, the "Motor City" boasts two notables, the Automotive Hall of Fame and the Henry Ford Museum.
Port Huron is a beautiful, scenic area known as the Blue Water Area. It features riverfront parks, picnic grounds, sandy beaches, sailing and boating opportunities, and world-class fishing tournaments. Cold weather is not a deterrent to Michigan residents. Ice fishing fests, downhill skiing, cross-country skiing, and even dog sled races dominate the pastime pursuits.
Nearly a dozen state parks are scattered across the Southeast area offering visitors an opportunity to hike, mountain bike, camp, view wildflowers, bird watch, nature study, fish and hunt. Algonac State Park and the proposed Algonac Prairie and Oak Savanna are fine examples. The Algonac Prairie and Oak Savanna is a 200-acre natural area that harbors one of the last remaining tracts of "lakeplain" prairie and savanna. Horseback riding is another popular pastime particularly at Maybury State Park where equestrians enjoy their own area of the park that includes a staging and stable area, horse rental and eleven miles of horse trail.
Recreation - Outdoor enthusiasts recreating in Southeast Michigan enjoy bird watching, plant identification, touring a working farm, fishing, picnicking, hiking and biking, equestrian sports, swimming, and a variety of wintertime pursuits including snowmobiling, ice fishing, and skiing. -
As Michigan's most populous area, Southeast Michigan literally keeps America rolling. Encompassing the world renown automobile towns of Detroit and Pontiac, the region borders the State of Ohio and the western shores of two Great Lakes, Erie and Michigan. Interstates 75, 94, 96 move the majority of the Regions
- Michigan is divided into seven travel regions: Upper Peninsula, Straits, Northern Michigan, West Coast, Mid Michigan, Saginaw Bay, and Southeast Michigan.
Links:
Travel Michigan - Official agency website.
Top
Home . Michigan
. Business . News
. Resources . Services
. Shopping . Web
Site Info . Privacy
Statement . Terms
of Service . Link
to Us . Contact
UsDrawing 4 Vintage Object Illustration Vectors : old television, radio, camera, and telephone + Retro Objects for Background. Fully editable vector files. ZIP included : EPS8 (Vector file, use for any size you want without loss quality. Use Adobe Illustrator or any support vector program to edit the EPS file), JPEG high resolution 4185×4000 px, and PNG high resolution, transparent background (isolated object)Abstract forces act at the heterochromatin and the 45S rDNA loci compared to the 5S rRNA and histone H3 genes during the evolution of the Scarabainae karyotypes.Department Responds To Star-Advertiser ArticlesPosted on May 8, 2013 in Community News, Department of Hawaiian Home Lands, Hawaiian Homes Commission, Land Management Division
Department Responds To Star-Advertiser Articles
The following is the un-edited opinion piece which was submitted
to the Honolulu Star-Advertiser in response to their recent
series of articles critical of our Department
May 8, 2013
The Star-Advertiser’s three day series highlights a critical challenge facing this Administration: how to effectively manage DHHL’s land resources with severely limited resources until the lands can be homesteaded.
While we appreciated the opportunity to respond to questions posed by the Star-Advertiser, it appears that the complexity of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act caused some of the important information that we shared to be left out that, perhaps, would have helped to better clarify and frame the challenges facing our department and our beneficiaries. In the interest of providing that clarity, please allow us the opportunity to again share these facts:
A revocable permit (RP) allows use of certain DHHL lands on a month-to-month basis and can be cancelled at any time upon a 30 day notice. An RP is not a long-term revenue generating commercial lease. It is not a long-term license, nor is it a 99-year homestead lease. The RP program was intended to be principally a land management tool.
This is because some of the DHHL acreage that is not currently in homesteading or in general commercial leases are large undeveloped and remote properties. These lands are subject to illegal dumping, trespassing, illegal uses, or overgrowth that can lead to fire hazards if there is no presence on the land. Fencing, signage, cutting vegetation, monitoring, etc. is very expensive to maintain over thousands of acres.
In light of severely limited staffing and financial resources, the RP program was one option the department developed years ago to provide presence on these lands, to maintain the lands, and deter dumping and other challenges, at no cost to DHHL. The RP program does provide for some revenues from DHHL lands that are “as is” (for example, raw, undeveloped land with minimal infrastructure) instead of simply being a major land management cost item in DHHL’s budget. However, as much of the liability and responsibility shifts to the permit holder, the RP program also reduces DHHL’s risk and the risk to DHHL’s limited financial trust assets.
By contrast, 99-year Homestead lease awards require a reliable source of adequate funding. Without the capital improvement funding, homesteads are just not developed. Without the use of sufficient general funds for operations, DHHL must fund its operations from the revenue it generates.
Both of these enormous challenges, maintaining DHHL’s inventory of lands across six islands until the lands are awarded for homesteads, and generating revenue on these lands using commercial ground leases that must go through a strict and complex multi-step approval process are handled by the same small Division made up of five land agents and a Division Administrator. Are they overwhelmed? Yes. Are they understaffed? Absolutely. But this is all we can afford.
The last time DHHL received general funding for its administrative costs was in 2010, when it received $1 million, a small fraction of the overall costs of operations. On the development side, the Act 14 land settlement reached in 1995 has provided for a stream of payments to DHHL of $30 million over the past 18 years. But, we have used these funds to develop thousands of residential homestead over that time. These payments come to an end in 2015 leaving DHHL’s future funding uncertain.
The ultimate solution for DHHL and its beneficiaries would be for the State to allocate sufficient financial resources to provide every eligible native Hawaiian beneficiary with a lot equipped with adequate infrastructure including water, along with the maintenance and upkeep of the infrastructure in our existing communities. This cost, which easily runs into the billions of dollars, could be funded at one time if the State faced no other critical needs. However, since the state faces a myriad of other concerns and issues, resources for DHHL over its long history has come from the State in fits and starts.
However, even with all these challenges before us, all is not doom and gloom. This year, for the first time, Governor Abercrombie’s budget included a request for $14.7 million in general funding for DHHL’s administrative expenses in response to the Nelson lawsuit, and the Legislature engaged in a discussion regarding what is “sufficient” to fund the operations and administration of DHHL. The outcome? We received $9.6 million in general funding for operations for DHHL, more than has ever been provided in DHHL’s history. It’s a good beginning, but a dialogue that is far from over.
Going forward, it is the intention of this Administration to assess the current state of our program, identify areas of weaknesses, and implement the proper reforms. But change often requires more than just DHHL. We are extremely grateful for the unwavering support of Governor Abercrombie and the assistance of key cabinet officials who have pledged their support in helping us achieve the improvements we desire.
Can the RP program be improved? Yes, by establishing clear policies and procedures; adequate and timely enforcement; and prudent decision-making regarding the way DHHL lands are used as they await development for homesteads. These are the goals the DHHL’s new Administration will strive for.
Jobie M.K. Masagatani
Chair, Hawaiian Homes Commission and
Director, Department of Hawaiian Home LandsDream Home Showcase
This luxurious oversized magazine is a showcase of a dozen incredible houses – each one a different type of dream home. Featuring a range of styles, decor, design and setting, the homes represent the finest work of America’s best home production companies, architects and builders.
Dream Home Showcase Magazine Editorial and Business Offices
2520 55th St., Suite 210
Boulder, CO 80301
VP/Group Publisher Home Group
Peter Miller
pmiller@aimmedia.com
Director of Sales
Becky Bernie
bbernie@aimmedia.com
Editor
Patricia Poore
ppoore@aimmedia.comForgot to mention that the "off brand" lenses were not worth the $119 or $199 they asked for in the early 1980's when they were sold during the SLR craze. So I wouldn't think even one of those Cambron, Focal, Sears, Soligar, etc etc would NOT be worth any sum of money today.
If you must have one snag a Vivitar Series 2, or, Nikkor, Canon, Minolta, Pentax.. not sure if some of these lines had one.Artist: bLiNd - ReMixer
ReMixes
"I Am Dracula (Club Mix)"
2013-10-31 by bLiNd
"Dirty Coins"
2013-01-17 by bLiNd
"Vile Needs to Galvanize"
2012-03-14 by bLiNd
"Fireflight"
2011-12-20 by bLiNd
"Pitched in Suspense"
2011-09-07 by bLiNd
"Blue Skies"
2011-05-19 by Ashleigh Coryell, bLiNd
"Path of Deception"
2011-05-11 by bLiNd
"Go Ninja, Go"
2011-02-07 by bLiNd
"Burning Vigil"
2010-07-29 by bLiNd
"Pipe Dream Mystics"
2010-07-09 by bLiNd
"Bridge to Eternity"
2010-05-13 by bLiNd
"Space Ace"
2010-04-20 by bLiNd
"A Ring and a Promise"
2009-12-13 by Ashleigh Coryell, bLiNd
"Golbez'n Goblins"
2009-07-19 by bLiNd
"Dance Nation"
2009-04-28 by bLiNd
"Jade Catacombs"
2009-01-15 by bLiNd
"JENOVA Celestial"
2007-10-27 by bLiNd
"Black Wing Metamorphosis"
2007-09-14 by bLiNd, Fishy, Jillian Aversa, Sixto Sounds, Steffan Andrews, Suzumebachi, tefnek
"Fading Entity"
2007-09-14 by bLiNd, Leifo
- Name: bLiNd (Jordan Aguirre)
- Roles/Credits: ReMixer (29)
- Aliases: Brak, Jordan Steven
- Birthdate: 1984-08-14
- Birthplace:
- Groups:
Albums
- OCRA-0040 Final Fantasy VI: Balance and Ruin
- OCRA-0033 Mega Man X: Maverick Rising
- OCRA-0031 Wild Arms: ARMed and DANGerous
- OCRA-0028 Super Dodge Ball: Around the World
- OCRA-0027 Mega Man 9: Back in Blue
- OCRA-0022 Heroes vs. Villains
- OCRA-0014 Final Fantasy IV: Echoes of Betrayal, Light of Redemption
- OCRA-0009 Final Fantasy VII: Voices of the Lifestream
- OCRA-0007 Super Street Fighter II Turbo: Blood on the Asphalt
- OCRA-0002 Donkey Kong Country: Kong in Concert
- Super Metroid ~Reserve Tank: VARIAtions~Dubai Autodrome bidding to host pre-season test
Jun 14, 2013, 3:45 PM EDT
The manager of the Dubai Autodrome has confirmed that the circuit is interested in hosting a test ahead of the 2014 Formula One season.
Four pre-season tests are planned for next season, with the teams and tire supplier Pirelli favoring circuits in Asia due to the hot conditions which are ideal for developing cars and tires. As part of this change, Bahrain is widely expected to host the opening round of the season, whilst Abu Dhabi and Qatar are also thought to be vying for testing slots. However, Richard Birch confirmed that Dubai was also interested in welcoming Formula One for the first time.
“Of course we would welcome the opportunity to host F1 testing at our venue,” Birch told Gulf News. “We have the facilities and Dubai has all the infrastructure required for a week of testing.
“At this stage it is merely talk and speculation as the final decision is not in our hands or even been made as far as we know. But if asked in an official capacity, then we will certainly embrace the project.”
The circuit has been homologated for all FIA events including F1, making it a possibility, and it would certainly allow teams to get a feel for different circuits in order to allow for the best possible development of their cars. Finally, taking F1 to new markets such as Qatar and Dubai will only enhance the sport’s popularity and presence in the Gulf region.
- apexassassin - Jun 14, 2013 at 5:39 PM
2 tests in the Middle East on a track no team has run on previously? Not sure they’ll go for that.
-
- indycarseries500 - Jun 14, 2013 at 9:22 PM
Depends how much they get paid, these governments must be paying a pretty penny to get Formula 1 testing at their track. I’d imagine a good chunk of that will trickle downA little less than one year ago, I called the OnePlus One "the best flagship phone you can't buy" in my initial review. The phone had some impressive hardware at an amazing price, and in many ways it still does, but the system of invitations and qualifications built around actually buying the One made obtaining the device an exercise in frustration. It's taken them eleven months (and what seems like dozens of separate promotions and half-measures), but you can finally order a OnePlus One without an invitation of any kind starting today.SALEM REPORTS
- Officers on patrol at 3:34 a.m. Saturday saw a dark-colored truck backed up to the Tropical Sno business in the Masonic Temple parking lot and noticed the lights on inside the business. They made contact with a man inside and learned he was the owner.
- Police responded with the fire department at 3:22 a.m. Saturday for a reported fire alarm at Salem Regional Medical Center. Nothing was needed from the police. The fire department found no problems.
- Police were called at 3:05 a.m. Saturday for an alleged assault at Walmart, 2875 E. State St., but while en route, officers were told the suspects left in a blue Jeep. The Jeep was located and information was gathered which will be sent to the prosecutor's office.
- A woman in the 400 block of East Eighth Street reported at 2:55 a.m. Saturday that a man wearing a white shirt over his head and wearing black shorts with stripes down the side was at the rear of her property removing items. He removed garbage bags of empty cans from her garage and attempted to get into her vehicle. She yelled at him prior to police arriving and he fled. He could not be found.
- A domestic was reported at 12:26 a.m. Saturday in the 500 block of Newgarden Avenue where a man said his girlfriend pushed him. No injuries were reported, but he wanted to pursue charges and was told he and his brother, a witness, would need to fill out written statements. He gathered some belongings and left. The girlfriend declined to give a statement.
- A woman who wasn't home on East Perry Street called at 11:33 p.m. Friday to report a neighbor notified her that an intoxicated man was on her front porch. Officers arrived and found the man sleeping on the porch. He was identified and the woman knew him, but said she wanted him removed.
- Police were called at 11:27 p.m. Friday to Park Avenue and Maple Street for a report of a woman walking who asked a man to use his phone. The report said she exited her residence and asked him to use his phone. She told police she needed to contact a friend for a ride, but didn't need any assistance.
- A woman in the 100 block of Fair Avenue called at 8:41 p.m. Friday to report a possible juvenile problem. Sometime early in the morning on Wednesday, an unknown person poured soda on the driver side of her vehicle while it was parked in the drive.
- A caller at 7:27 p.m. Friday reported a fight in progress in the 1000 block of East Sixth Street. The parties were separated when police arrived and reported nothing physical took place. The incident was verbal only and neither group wanted to pursue charges.
- Police were called at 4:31 p.m. Friday for an irate person in the 100 block of East State Street. Family members said the man was saying very strange things and appeared mentally distressed. The man told police he had not slept in an extended period of time. He was voluntarily transported to Salem Regional Medical Center.
- A caller at 4:04 p.m. Friday reported persons yelling and being loud in the 900 block of Prospect Street. Police were delayed in responding due to other calls and found no disturbance when they arrived later.
- Police were called at 1:57 p.m. Friday to the 1200 block of Maple Street for a large trash accumulation, finding a large chair, a large screen television and trash in the curb lawn which had reportedly been there several days. A tenant said a friend was coming for the furniture and was told the stuff cannot be on the curb for more than 24 hours and must be removed.
- A woman from West South Range Road reported at 1:37 p.m. Friday that sometime Thursday night, someone hit her car while it was parked in a lot in the 100 block of Vine Avenue. There was minor damage to the rear driver's side door.
- A man came to the police station at 5:08 a.m. Friday wanting to turn himself in after he said he caused a ruckus at Salem Regional Medical Center. He was sent on his way after being told police had not received any reports from the hospital of any problem.
COLUMBIANA REPORTS
- Robert Crespo, 27, Lisbon, was cited for driving under suspension and expired registration following a traffic stop at 6:51 a.m. Friday at 4WD Hardware on state Route 14.
- Jeff Jackson, Parkview Drive, reported a case of identity theft at 9:49 a.m. Friday.
- A Seventh Street resident reported at 5:14 p.m. Friday cars speeding up and down the street.
- Police received a tip from the State Highway Patrol at 6:19 p.m. Friday regarding a reckless driver in a black Ford Focus traveling north on state Route 7 towards the intersection of state Routes 7 and 14. An officer searched the area, but could not find the vehicle in question.
-A man in a blue Chevrolet was reported at 10:21 p.m. Friday to be drinking beer at the Pittsburgh Street railroad crossing. An officer was unable to find the vehicle in question.
161 North Lincoln , Salem, OH 44460 |
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyOf course, I've also never used redo, so the idiom isn't very familiar to me.
------We are the carpenters and bricklayers of the Information Age.
Don't go borrowing trouble. For programmers, this means Worry only about what you need to implement.
In reply to Re: do/redo or for(;;): what's Kosher?
by dragonchildKukla's Korner Hockey
Video- You Make The Call
by Paul on 11/30/10 at 12:08 AM
« Previous < 1 2
Milford, CT on 11/29/10 at 10:14 PM ET
No. Both players deserved 2 minutes there, yet Crosby gets away with it not because he’s Gary’s favorite, but because he’s a star player. Bollocks, again, from the NHL.
Posted by mrfluffy from A wide spot on I-90 in Montana on 11/30/10 at 12:24 PM ET
I’m sorry JJ, I didn’t mean YOU were saying that, I meant you as in people out there (which is why the next sentence was because thats exactly what some people are trying to do). I understand you’re a level headed guy, I was just answering to your comment.
Posted by Kstewy16 on 11/30/10 at 12:26 PM ET
>>IMAGE 12:28 PM ET
>>IMAGE 09:28 AM ET.
He’s not really *that* strong, he just trips guys up and gets away with it because refs are afraid to whistle him.. I’m not going so far as to say the league has anything to do with it, but refs are genuinely afraid to call the guy for anything. If they weren’t, he’d have probably double the PIMs he gets, at least. Or he’d change his play.
Posted by Primis on 11/30/10 at 12:41 PM ET
Was it a slewfoot by Crosby? Yes. Was it an intentional dirty play? Perhaps. Is Crosby a dirty player? Not in my opinion.
So I practically agree with Mike Johnson’s evaluation.
Posted by Moq from Denmark on 11/30/10 at 02:06 PM ET
Mike Johnson is right. Maybe a penalty but for Dubinsky to imply that is how Crosby plays is completely off the mark
Posted by Randy from Butler PA on 11/30/10 at 06:12 PM ET
.
Holy cow, now that I look at it again, you’re absolutely right! It’s so obvious! Previously when I watched the video, I saw Crosby’s toe hit the back left of Callahan’s skate while his eyes were somewhere else looking at the play. But I’ll take your word for it that it’s cut and dried… who am I to argue when you can read Crosby’s mind? Thanks bud, you’re the best.
Anyway, my reference to Crosby being strong on his feet had to do with Callahan’s ineffective attempt to slow Crosby down with his arm, not Crosby’s “distinct kicking motion”. I guess if your mind reading skills were 100% you would have known I meant the comment as a general compliment to Crosby’s strength on his feet, not just this play in particular.
Did Crosby’s skate hit Callahan’s? Sure. Did he do it on purpose? I can’t read minds. But I could see Callahan use his left arm come across Crosby’s right hip to slow him down. Isn’t that interference…. cut and dried?
Posted by madhatter on 11/30/10 there is a league-wide conspiracy among the front office and the refs to hand the Penguins easy victories, because I don’t believe there is one, but tell the truth here. If you wanted to run a league-wide conspiracy to hand one team easy victories through double-standard refereeing, would you do it by telling the refs to call every game well except for the games that involve the target of your favoritism?
Also, I’m pretty sure the argument about how this “particular one” thing doesn’t prove anything is why Chris Pronger is still in the league. Oh yeah, this particular one elbow he threw at the back of a guy’s head doesn’t prove he’s prone to dirty hits. It’s one isolated incident, right?
Posted by J.J. from Kansas on 11/30/10 at 12:23 PM ETIt is the third feature from director and co-writer (with Delphine DiVigan), Gilles Legrand, and displays an acute awareness to the context of the French winegrowing world – the handing down of knowledge and heritage and the maintenance of quality and tradition, ensuring that the business remains in the family - and the complexities of the father/son relationship, especially when it is placed under stress due to individual mean-spiritedness and family business interests. The extremes that Paul is willing to go to preserve the former, while completely ridding himself of a latter, makes for involved, contemplative and often angering viewing.
Martin is ambitious, educated, skilled with figures and technologically sound, and believes he is ready to take over the role of chief wine steward. Paul, however, is dismayed by the prospect of Martin taking over his vineyard, believing he lacks the old-fashioned instinct, a taste palate capable of differentiating between complex wines, the experience or the creativity to lead a harvest and the genuine passion for the role that he feels necessary to ensure the vineyard remains prestigious. He desires a son who is media-friendly and charismatic, and one closer to the son he envisioned to one day continue his legacy, as he had his own father’s..
When Paul discovers a suitable successor in Philippe (Nicholas Bridet), the son of his long-time estate manager, Francois (Patrick Chesnais), who has recently been diagnosed with cancer and is unable to continue his role, he showers Philippe (who has found success running a winery in Los Angeles) with admiration, responsibility (assigning him the stand-in steward for the harvest, and asking him to accompany him to an award ceremony), praise and material gifts, while completely rejecting his own son in the process. This increase in tension on the estate – and it involves all four men, and their womenfolk (Martin and Francois’ concerned wives) – results in several tragedies that change the lives of everyone.
You Will Be My Son is carried by intelligent scripting, and excellent performances. Arestrup, who many will recognize from Un Prophet and War Horse, is the standout, crafting a despicable but completely captivating character, who stands as one of the most ruthless and cold-hearted businessmen since Daniel Day Lewis’ Daniel Plainview in There Will be Blood. I'm not placing it on the same page, but their stories do share similarities, especially in Plainview’s disgust at his son’s uselessness following his injury (Martin was born six weeks early and weak, and took years to overcome a stutter) and his heartbreaking confession that H.W is no son of his, and nothing but a ‘bastard from a basket’. Martin is treated the same, and Paul, on several occasions, claims to prefer the simple complexities of wine to the people, frustrated by their ability to disappoint him. When Paul offers Philippe a position as his co-partner and eventual successor, he all-but dismisses Martin as his own blood.
The film raises several complex questions, asking an audience to consider, for example, how a son would react to the knowledge that his father doesn’t love him or how a father would react to his own son defying his advice, having been blinded by opportunity and power. The concoction of thought-provoking themes push this film, which I think lays on Paul’s cruelty a bit too thick at times, and dismisses some loose threads with convenient resolutions, into a region of high-quality drama. Quick final mention to the excellent use of score and accompanying music. It set the tone for the film early (and I actually thought it was going to be a thriller) and really worked for me personally.
So far, the films I have seen at this year's Festival have not been particularly strong. You Will Be My Son is the most impressive yet. As a gripping character study it works well - Paul is a horrible human being, yet he is a man whose ruthlessness brings him much success - and it is as effective as Sideways in inspiring a viewer to savour a bottle of fine wine. This is a film that will generate some strong word-of-mouth, I imagine, and it is one I can label with a recommendation.
Great review and I'm glad you finally saw one that you liked more. These films that look at family dynamics and family businesses always have a lot of potential for me. I've never been much of a wine guy myself, but the process of growing and making has always been intriguing to me.
I am into wine, and the film contains some great scenes documenting the production of wine - from the picking, to the squashing, to the fermentation, and eventually the bottling - so that kept me intrigued. Something I didn't mention in the review is the location - a beautiful, expansive estate. This was a character-driven story, and it is a pleasure to see a character as great as Paul is here. Thanks for reading. This is the best AFFFF film I have seen so far.
I had not heard of this one but it sounds rather fascinating. Thanks for the review and heads up! I'll put it in the Netflix queue and wait for it to become available.KEITH WHITCOMB JR.
Staff Writer
BENNINGTON -- A woman is facing one felony and three misdemeanors after police said she tried to blame her having crashed her car while texting on her estranged husband.
Tanya M. Taylor, 30, who resides at the Autumn Inn, pleaded not guilty to a felony count of impeding a public officer and misdemeanor counts of false information to a police officer, careless or negligent vehicle operation, and leaving the scene of a crash with property damage. She was released on conditions she appear at future court hearings.
According to an affidavit by Bennington Police Cpl. Andy Hunt, on Feb. 25 at 11:17 p.m. another officer was sent to Northside Drive, near Phyllis Lane, to investigate a 2005 Lexus being driven by Cheryl Labshire that ran over a road sign lying in the road. Labshire's vehicle had its tire punctured and it was determined the sign had come to be in the road by being hit by another vehicle. Damage to replace the tire was estimated at $200 while the sign's replacement was $150.
Hunt wrote that five minutes after this incident was reported he was called to the Autumn Inn by Taylor, who said her estranged husband, Wendell Taylor, had vandalized her car. She said she had an argument with him at 7 p.m. then took a nap. The car damage was discovered when she went to pick her boyfriend up at National Hangar.
Hunt found the 2001 Ford Windstar had a shattered windshield with a hole in it and the shape of what appeared to be a yellow highway sign on the hood. The car's airbags were also deployed and Taylor had cuts and scrapes on her hands. Hunt asked Taylor if she had crashed the car into a sign on Northside Drive and Taylor said she had not, insisting her estranged husband had done the damage. She suggested he took the car, using his keys, and crashed it before bringing it back.
Taylor eventually told police she was the one who crashed the car into a sign, then drove it to National Hangar before returning to the inn. She said she did not know why she lied to police but said she wants Wendell Taylor arrested. She claimed to have a restraining order against him and added she was angry over him attempting to gain custody of their children. She said she was reading a text message on her phone when she crashed.
Hunt said Taylor was issued a ticket for texting while driving.
Contact Keith Whitcomb Jr. at kwhitcomb@benningtonbanner.com or follow him on Twitter @KWhitcombjrPower RankingsShaun
Many media outlets come out with weekly Power Rankings. Generally I do not find them all that useful or interesting. They are usually sort of based on overall record, sort of based on teams’ talent levels, sort of based on teams’ performances over the past week and….who knows what, really. The determination for this team being ranked ahead of another is so vague and arbitrary that power rankings are usually lame and meaningless.
SI.com does power ranking based on team Wins Above Replacement. This is pretty interesting. It is basically ranking teams on underlying performance instead of going on record, eyeballing rosters or recent performance. At least there is a definitive criteria for ranking teams and it’s useful in terms of determining which teams are most talented and which teams may be over-performing or under-performing.
Another interesting way to do power rankings would be to rank the teams according to what they would do if, starting today, they played a 162-game schedule and everyone played the same schedule. I’m not concerned with one team playing in a stronger or a weaker division and therefore playing a weaker schedule than another. I’m not just looking at underlying performance or record up to this point of the season. Now is as good a time as any to do this kind of power ranking because the trade deadline has past and the make-up of teams going into the stretch run and the playoffs are more or less set.
Basically I’m looking at every team’s roster today, pretending every team is in the same division and playing the same schedule, and predicting what the standings would look like at the end of a 162-game season that started immediately. I’m assuming reasonable health and luck for every team, assuming luck evens out (which admittedly never happens throughout a real baseball season). I am paying attention to current injuries teams are dealing with but I’m assuming players with minor injuries come back to normal health fairly soon in our imaginary season. If teams are dealing with major injuries, I will take that in to account, especially if players are likely to miss a good chunk of the next six months, if the season started today. Also, I’m basically assuming no trades. A team is playing with their current roster and organizational depth for the next 162 games.
To some this up in one sentence: Who has the best roster right now? Here are my rankings, broken down in to tiers, with comments on each tier:
Top Tier
1. New York Yankees
2. Texas Rangers
3. Los Angeles Angels
The Yankees clearly look like the best team in baseball. They have baseball’s best record right now in a very strong division. With their payroll and front office, it’s hard for any team to match their roster depth. The Rangers are a close second. The only thing that keeps them from the top spot is the age of some of their top players, particularly Josh Hamilton. The Angels have superior starting pitching depth to any team in the game, with the addition of Zack Greinke. But there are weak spots on the left side of their infield, their bullpen and who knows if Torii Hunter is really as good as he’s been so far in 2012, at this stage of his career.
Second-Tier
4. Boston Red Sox
5. Cincinnati Reds
6. St. Louis Cardinals
7. Atlanta Braves
8. Tampa Bay Rays
9. Chicago White Sox
10. Washington Nationals
11. Oakland Athletics
12. Detroit Tigers
13. Philadelphia Phillies
This is a big group of teams that I think are legitimate division title contenders if the season started today. They don’t quite have the numerous stud players of the top tier but they are all solid. You probably notice the last-place Phillies in this tier. I do think the Phillies’ talent is a lot better than its 2012 record, mostly because of their pitching staff. They’ve gotten essentially nothing from Howard and Utley this season. While I don’t think they are near the players they once were, I do think they can still contribute. Halladay is a similar story. I put the Braves 7th, the third-best team in the National League. I do think the Braves have a better roster than the Nationals, though the Nationals lead the NL East. I believe the Nationals are getting flukey offensive and back-end-of-the-rotation performances. Everything that could go right for them has. But I think the Braves are fundamentally the better team, especially with the added depth of Maholm and Reed Johnson. Frank Wren is a master of not wasting roster spots. Though the Braves lack stud talent in its prime (mostly because of Liberty Media and a suppressed payroll), they have few glaring weak spots.
Third Tier
14. Toronto Blue Jays
15. Arizona Diamondbacks
16. San Francisco Giants
17. Los Angeles Dodgers
18. Pittsburgh Pirates
19. Miami Marlins
20. New York Mets
The teams that could grab a wild card spot, if everything breaks right for them, makeup this group. They have definite noticeable weak spots but they are also strong enough to finish above .500. These teams need some luck and some over-their-heads performances (or they simply need to play in a weak NL West) in order to take control of a playoff spot.
Fourth Tier
21. Seattle Mariners
22. Baltimore Orioles
23. San Diego Padres
24. Milwaukee Brewers
25. Cleveland Indians
These are the teams that could finish .500, if lots of things go their way but are more likely to fall short. However, they have the talent to avoid the cellar in a typical division. It would take extreme flukes for these teams to jump into contention but they aren’t the absolute worst teams in the game.
Last Tier
26. Kansas City Royals
27. Minnesota Twins
28. Colorado Rockies
29. Chicago Cubs
30. Houston Astros
These are the teams that don’t really have much hope for .500 without something extreme happening. These are teams in the rebuilding stages or should be. The Royals and Twins and possibly the Rockies stand out as teams that could jump in to the fourth tier but aren’t quite there. The Royals just haven’t developed the pitching to make the jump. The Twins are trying to win without high-strikeout pitchers, which is tough at the major league level. The Rockies’ pitching staff is full of guys who are either very young or not very good. If pressed, we could separate the Cubs and Astros from the rest of baseball. They are definitely in the rebuilding stages, a process that accelerated at the trade deadline. However fans of those franchises have hope. Smart front offices are running those teams and they’ve loaded up on prospect depth.
August 6th, 2012 at 12:36 am
Great article.
August 6th, 2012 at 12:57 pm
Thanks, Walker.
August 6th, 2012 at 9:57 pm
I don’t know enough about non-NL-East teams to agree or disagree, but I enjoyed the read a lot. I agree, too, that this is an interesting and valid way to approach power rankings. Nice work, Shaun.
August 6th, 2012 at 10:42 pm
When I see power rankings, I usually think “list of favorite teams.” But this looks like a pretty objective way of going about it. And I agree with most of your picks, although I think the Dodgers and the Pirates are too low on the list.
August 7th, 2012 at 11:09 am
I think most people do power rankings based on which teams are perceived as hot and which teams have hype. I’m not sure there is much in the way of an attempt to be objective about ranking teams. Not that that’s always a bad thing. There is room for subjectivity and I’m not pretending my rankings are completely objective.
But I tried to have some firm standards that would help me to be as objective as possible. I understand things are different if some publication asks you to do power rankings every week. It would be hard to do that and make the list different each week.
Mike @4, I just think the Pirates and Dodgers have played a bit over their heads. In my opinion, they don’t have the rosters of well above average teams.
I think playing in weak divisions has helped those teams out quite a bit, as far as overall record.
August 8th, 2012 at 4:52 pm
As an objective Nationals Fan, I think your rankings are highly homerish…I can live with us being #10 on your list, as our offense lacks a real killer like yours does and we haven’t been very healthy, but you can’t seriously consider your roster 3 slots better at #7….You are #9 at best, and probably right behind us at #11…Boston being #4 was right – in 2010….They are now long in the tooth. Everyone else I can live with ahead of the Nats.
The Nats top-to-bottom rotation is vastly superior to that of the Braves and you know it. Bullpen I’ll say is even as your 8-9 guys are nastier, our overall depth is superior however. Kimbrell and Venters are straight up disgusting, but Clippard and Burnett have been lights out and our 43 save closer from ’11 Storen just came back with his 97 mph heat too two weeks ago. Our back of the rotation is better than your front end of the rotation – so I have no clue what you’re talking about them being flukey…Look at Jackson and Detweillers 2011 and compare them to 2012 – no fluke there…Even I have to agree bat for bat, The Braves are vastly superior at this point. But Pitching wins championships (ask the 2010 Giants) and NOBODY in baseball has a better 6 man Rotation – our winningest pitcher from last season who boasted a 3.84 ERA in John Lannan and pitches for AAA Syracuse right now is better than your 4 & 5 starters and would Take Randal Delgados and Jurgens Spot in your staffs rotation with the quickness and you know it. Hell with have Chen Ming Wang as a middle reliever – he’s better than your #5 guy. Finally let’s look at us vs y’all the last three years (we already know who’s better in 2012). I’ll take better pitching over hitting anyday. As a Braves fan you more than anybody should know better.
August 8th, 2012 at 4:58 pm
Otherwise – I like the list a lot…I know we are 1 year ahead of schedule for what it’s worth – so I can live with #10. But tell me how you all are better than the Sox or the Devil Rays- who played most of the year without their best hitter (watch them make a run for it in the wild card race) I was just hoping we would compete for the 2nd wildcard…It’ll be fun to watch! Please show me a better rotation though (other than the Angels) – they’ve carried a team that has seen each of their top 5 hitters from last year spend signifigant time on the DL. Your castoff Laroche is a Fluke, not the pitching.
August 23rd, 2012 at 6:54 pm
I am orig. from ATL and been a Braves fan my whole life and still root for them while living in DC, but I root for the NATS when not playing ATL. I went to the game last Tuesday and saw the Monday game on tv. I heard that Michael Bourne will be seeking a $80 – $100 MILL contract over the winter. My response is — he better start to step up in crucial games and show he is worthy of a big contract. Superstars don’t go on vacation in crucial games. He led off 3 different innings on Tuesday and what did he do — strike out, pop up, and ground out. The only time he got on base was when Brian McCann was on in front of him.
Is next year going to be a make or break year for Brian McCann? He has been a great player but the past 2 yrs he’s been in a slump, most of the time.What is it? Subaru has announced a restyling, engine upgrade and new features for the 2013 Legacy sedan, as well as the Outback. The front end has been restyled with new headlights, grille, and front bumper moving the appearance in line with the new Impreza.
The sedan will be powered by an updated 2.5-liter flat-four engine producing 173 hp—up three horsepower from the current version. Final fuel economy numbers are not yet available, but Subaru projects 24 mpg city, 32 mpg highway, and 27 mpg combined. These figures show an increase compared with the EPA-ratings of 23/31/26 for the previous version. A CVT and six-speed manual transmission will be available. The 3.6R models keep the existing 3.6-liter six-cylinder engine. All Legacy sedans are equipped with all-wheel drive.
What’s new or notable? The Outback and Legacy models show off Subaru’s new EyeSight driver-assist system, with adaptive cruise control, pre-collision braking and lane departure warning. The new system uses a stereo camera to provide a detection angle claimed to be wider than radar-based systems.
The Legacy offers a new option with keyless access and start where the driver can unlock the car with a touch of the button, as long as the remote is in their pocket or purse. The base trim now has an upgraded audio system with Bluetooth capability, iPod and USB port.
CR’s take: The 2013 Legacy looks to be an effective update to a strong-performing sedan. In our tests, we found the engine to be noisy when pressed and the Legacy demonstrated pronounced body lean and tendency to fishtail if the throttle is lifted midturn. Powertrain upgrades promise a welcomed increase to the already impressive fuel economy, and may change other characteristics. In addition, Subaru cites suspension changes that may help on that front. We look forward to finding out.Crosby Cleared For Contact
(Photo Credit: Jamie Sabau/Getty Images)
PITTSBURGH (KDKA) – In the midst of a six-game winning streak, it’s hard to imagine how things could get better for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
However, after the team’s practice Tuesday morning their captain made a big announcement.
According to KDKA-TV’s Mike Zappone, Sidney Crosby told reporters he has been cleared for contact, but there is no timetable for his return.
“I was cleared to do contact,” said Crosby, who resumed contact practice with his teammates Tuesday afternoon. “We’ll see how that goes. There is no real timetable, but it’s a good step. Hopefully, I can keep the momentum and get out there soon.”
He said he will take it day by day, but assuming all goes well, the earliest he could return would be Sunday against the Boston Bruins.
.”
Crosby said the motion issues subsided first and only headaches lingered. However, he has not had headaches for a few days now.
Crosby has been out of the lineup with concussion-like symptoms following a game against the Bruins on Dec. 5. On Jan. 31 he was diagnosed with a soft-tissue neck injury that, doctors said, could be contributing to his symptoms.
Since that diagnosis, Crosby received extra treatment, which he says has helped in his recovery.
“The neck stuff certainly helped,” Crosby said. “I definitely felt like I saw improvement with the work on my neck and getting that loose. Was it everything? I don’t know, but it certainly helped. It’s something I’ll continue to do and stay on.”
He missed the first portion of the season while he continued to recover from a concussion he suffered in January of 2011.
Crosby returned to the lineup this season against the New York Islanders on Nov. 21. In eight games, Crosby has 12 points (two goals, 10 assists).
Stay With KDKA.com For More Details
RELATED LINKS
Shea-ved Ice Blog
More Sports News
More Penguins News
Pittsburgh Penguins
NHLPotomac Wines and Spirits
12 Bottles of Sicilian Red or Spanish White Wine, or 6 Bottles of Each at Potomac Wines and Spirits (49% Off)
A medium-bodied red that combines fruity notes with hints of Mediterranean herbs and a Spanish version of sauvignon blanc
Washington

$12 for a Fresh Produce Box at Nalls Produce ($22 Value)
Nalls Produce
Alexandria
Pick up a box of fresh, seasonal produce at a roadside market that’s been going strong for five decades
$22
$12
View Deal
Select Local Merchants
- Edible ArrangementsRead MoreBe.2312 Hunters Woods PlazaReston, VA US
- Gynecology & Wellness CenterRead MoreBoard.8292 Old Courthouse RdVienna,
- Tysons Corner Laser Dental CenterRead MoreFamily,.8206 Leesburg PikeTysons Corner, VA US
- Lebanese Taverna CafesRead More.1605 Rockville PikeRockville, MD US
- Melt Cafe & Gelato BarRead.14929 Shady Grove RoadRockville, MD USVISIT SITE
Ditto Residential22By Brave People from U.S.A.February 12, 2014 in Honorable Mention
RELATED PROFILES Find the best design firms
- Awd Agency
Awd Agencyawdagency.com Italy
Awd Agency is an integrated communications and marketing company, specialized in the management of all...View Profile 25
- Coulee Creative
We’re a tight knit team of artists and strategic thinkers who specialize in innovative website design.
- 5LoomDigi
- Arlton Lowry
Arlton Lowryarlton.com U.S.A.
Founder of the Few design / dev shop (). Organizer of the Made by Few conference ()....Congratulations to Sugar Jha. Among over 100 entries TapoutPassout.com has selected him to give you guys the breakdown on this Saturdays Strikeforce event. Here is what he has to say......
Strikeforce: Nashville Main Card Predictions
Gilbert Melendez (c) VS. Shinya Aoki
First of all, this is a huge fight for both of these fighters. A win for Aoki can solidify the fact that he may be one of the best pound for pound lightweights. Aoki already holds the DREAM lightweight title, and if he defeats Melendez will also hold the Strikeforce lightweight title. However, if anybody out there has watched Aoki fight, its apparent that he can not take a punch very well. In DREAM, he was knocked out by Hayato Sakurai and Joachim Hansen. On the other hand his opponent, Gilbert Melendez, has never been knocked out (or TKO'd) in his 17-2 MMA career. Although Gilbert has a purple belt in Jiu-Jitsu, and trains with Cesar Gracie and the Diaz brothers, I have to give the ground advantage to Aoki, that dude is an animal on the ground. In contrast, if Melendez can find a way to avoid Aoki's take downs, and stay off the ground, Aoki will get knocked out very quickly.
Gilbert Melendez- Win via TKO in the first round.
Gegard Mousasi (c) VS. Muhammed Lawal
Haha. To say the very least this fight is going to be funny to watch. I honestly don't think "King Mo" has the right to even fight Mousasi. The guy is 6-0 and hasn't fought anybody THAT good. He says, "Mousasi is beatable." Yeah, I agree he is beatable, but not by "King Mo." Gegard Mousasi is one of the top ranked light heavyweights in the world. Personally, I don't think Lawal has any more right to fight Mousasi then Sokoudju did. Lawal should just stick to trash talking other fighters in different weight classes (Josh Koscheck). Cover Up "King Mo." Remeber, you can always tapout from getting punched.
Gegard Mousasi- Win via TKO in the second round
Jake Shields (c) VS. Dan Henderson
This makes for a VERY interesting fight. I am curious how Jake Shields plans to take down an Olympic caliber wrestler like Dan Henderson and use his "American Jiu-Jitsu" to submit him. Does anyone remember the Paul Daley VS Jake Shields in which Shields was literally afraid to stand with Daley? This fight is like that except Henderson hits harder than Daley and has 100 times better wrestling. It looks like Jake Shields' 13 fight win streak will be coming to an end on Saturday night. Dan Henderson for knockout of the year two years in a row? Let's see if your stand up has gotten any better Shields and say hello to the new Strikeforce middleweight champion.
Dan Henderson- Win via KO in second roundFlood Biography began playing bass in the mod revival band the Lambrettas; concurrently he accepted a job as a runner in a London recording facility, swiftly moving up through the ranks to become the house engineer. From there he went freelance, scoring his first major credit as an assistant engineer on New Order's 1981 debut album, Movement. Work with Soft Cell, Psychic TV, Cabaret Voltaire, and Associates followed before Flood moved into production, helming records from Nick Cave & the Bad Seeds (The Firstborn Is Dead, Kicking Against the Pricks) and Erasure (Wonderland, The Circus). Flood's affiliation with U2 began in 1987 when he engineered the group's blockbuster Joshua Tree album. His subsequent production work -- on records including Nine Inch Nails' Pretty Hate Machine, Depeche Mode's Violator, and Pop Will Eat Itself's This Is the Day...This Is the Hour...This Is This -- further honed his hard-edged, signature electronic sound. In between engineering U2's Achtung Baby LP, Flood produced Nitzer Ebb's Ebbhead and the Charlatans' Between 10th and 11th, followed by Curve's acclaimed Doppelganger. Finally, with 1993's Zooropa, he graduated from engineering U2 to producing the group, sharing his duties with Brian Eno. Depeche Mode's Songs of Faith and Devotion followed a year later, and in 1995 Flood helmed two of the year's most talked-about releases, PJ Harvey's To Bring You My Love and the Smashing Pumpkins' epic Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. He resurfaced in 1997 with U2's Pop. ~ Jason Ankeny, RoviProduct Description
Carry this handy bug squeegee in your vehicle to help keep your windows sparkling clean. The scrubber sponge removes the stuff your wipers can’t!
- 8 in scrubber sponge on one side, flip over for squeegee on other side
- Removes the toughest dirt
- Comes with a 3-6 ft Twist-Lok extension pole
- Standard threaded end fits any Mr.LongArm extension pole
Download our catalog page here.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.167A Massachusetts Avenue Arlington, MA 02474 781.641.3333
Hours: Tue-Wed 11-7 Thu 11-8 Fri-Sat 11-6 Sun by appointment or chance
Tag (you're it)
5.11.12 - 8.31.12
You Can't Catch Me, Amy Keller
gouache, carbon transfer, encaustic, oil stick on rice paper and vintage children's storybook pages, 16" x 20"
May artists: Resa Blatman, Pilar Botana, David Colombo, Susan Jaworski-Stranc, Amy Keller, Bénédicte Lassalle, Josh Luke, Vanessa Ly, CW Roelle, Lisa Scollan
July artists: Kendall Booth, Zac F. Buehner, Stacey Durand, Susan Hagner, Paul Francis Lambert, Barbara Nachmias-Kedesdy, Mary O'MalleyBéatrice Peltre, Caroline Rufo, James Weinberg
Scene from a Celestial Globe: Sagittarius,David Colombo,
etching with watercolo, 9" x 12" print, 16" x 20" framed
Eager for summer, we chased down ten artists to play a little game. Tagging them "it," they were each invited to make a piece for a group show.
But a round of tag never stops there and we challenged them to continue the game by tagging ten more artists to take their spots midsummer.
With all this running around, 13FOREST will soon become a playground where twenty artists take over homebase. Come see how nicely we all play together!
Top: Hummingbird Tag, Resa Blatman, oil and beads on mylar, 20" x 16" framed
Bottom: Spring Arrangements from the series My Boston Diary, Bénédicte Lassalle, Inkjet print mounted on dibond, 16" x 20" framedSTREETSCAPES | GRAND AND ORCHARD STREETS; For a Singing Canary Or a Smashing Hat
By CHRISTOPHER GRAY
Published: April 10, 2011 certain gritty charm, it was then a prosperous shopping district; Lord & Taylor soon opened a store a bit west on Grand and Chrystie. It appears Mr. Ridley was not angling for the carriage trade; his ads in The New York Daily-Tribune described Ridley's as the ''Grand Street Cheap Store.''
An 1876 article in The Tribune listed an array of items: spring rockers, oilcloth, waffle irons, bronzes and clothing; if you were moved by the ''constant singing of the loveliest canaries'' on the second floor, one could be yours for $2.50. Gradually Ridley's expanded over the block, and in 1886 the architect Paul Schoen designed an annex with a cast-iron front at Grand and Orchard. Schoen rounded the corner to give it visibility and, to judge from old prints, topped it with a caplike dome with a large clock.
Schoen's design does not look like anything more than the usual loft building, but an 1886 article in The Brooklyn Magazine advanced it as ''one of the most stupendous and enduring edifices in the known world.'' An ad that year in The New York Sun offered Turcoman portieres, piano covers, California blankets, brocaded mummies (a fabric, it appears) and camel hair shirts. The Sun said that 1,000 employees worked there, as many as 2,400 at the Christmas rush.
In his 1994 book ''Gateway to the Promised Land,'' Mario Maffi recalled that the area had figured prominently in immigrant life, ''buying a 'Grand Street hat' at Ridley's often being a decisive step in the process of a Jewish girl's Americanization.'' The World said the store had ''reached its zenith'' in 1887 with sales of $6 million.
In the same year The New York Times reported problems with the store's security system. A dog, Blackie, guarded the roof, but Blackie had been stolen by persons unknown. The Times noted pointedly that the dog had barked around the clock.
In 1900 The Real Estate Record and Guide reported that Ridley's was considering a move to either Third Avenue and 86th Street, a German-American area, or Sixth Avenue and 17th, a nexus of large department stores. But Ridley's closed in 1901; The Record and Guide said that the new, poorer immigrants crowding the Lower East Side were not used to large stores.
Lord & Taylor shuttered its Grand Street operation in 1902, and by the 1930s the garment industry had taken over Ridley's; the Grand Brassiere Company and the Supreme Overall Manufacturing Company were typical tenants.
These days it is no longer your grandmother's Lower East Side, or even your older sister's. Yes, there are discount fabric stores, but they are mixed in with new operations like the Hyper Island media school and the ''cruelty-free'' MooShoes store, with its sign announcing ''no fur allowed.'' But unlike some nearby loft buildings that have been burnished like ivory, the Pepto-Bismol front of the old Ridley's is still dented and dinged.
Now Ridley's, with some surrounding property, is listed for sale with Massey Knakal Realty Services for $22.5 million; the Web advertisement calls it ''the biggest development site available in the Lower East Side.''
Upstairs are studios for artists and photographers. Egon Zippel works in one, a large tin-ceilinged space. The sun streams in over his collages and old beadboard and computer screens and two doves, Hansel and Gretel; they bill and coo among the tall plants and hanging lanterns. But there are no more canaries, or anything else of Ridley's.
The Landmarks Preservation Commission has scheduled hearings on landmark designation, to take place later this year. Alfred I. Goldman, a principal of the company that owns the building, acknowledges, ''I am not thrilled about it.'' In any event, he says the 1886 structure is ''just an ugly building.''
He recalls his wife, Dorothy, saying, years ago, ''It's so dreary down there, why don't you paint it?'' They had just returned from Florida -- ''you know, everything is green and pink and blue down there, and she suggested pink.''
Although pink is acceptable in the tropics, in New York the knee-jerk reaction to even the most playful pink is almost always that it's vulgar. But it is the lipstick coloring that gives the old Ridley's building its singularity, not its architecture. Although Ridley's will very likely survive, the pink will almost certainly someday go. There is still little tolerance for modern interventions with our landmarks. At the moment, the vocabulary does not exist for a ''Save the Pink'' movement.
PHOTOS: FADED: Ridley's, built in 1886 and once one of the most famous department stores in the city, is now for sale. It is also a candidate for landmark designation. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY CHANG W. LEE/THE NEW YORK TIMES; TOP RIGHT, OFFICE FOR METROPOLITAN HISTORY)Let us make it clear, Eustachian consists of 2 people, one being Tony Welter, the other John Roche. It is pretty well known the duo hasn’t performed much together in the last few years, and when they do, fire comes raining down from the sky. You gotta be careful with stuff like that, it usually upsets the forces and balance of planet Earth…
However, Roche, the great performer that he is, does not perform or tour with Tony very often, which leaves Tony to tour much on his own or roam around Europe with likeminded producers such as Sgure, The Teknoist or Sickboy. Through the years Tony had to establish his solo career since the name Eustachian stands for both of them, so he founded the DJ Skull Vomit / Singaya project. Where lies the difference, and why has he got 2 names at once one might wonder? It’s pretty simple. Both projects are heavily metal influenced, only one is more dubstep [Singaya] , the other more… ‘spastic’ and straight forward [DJ Skull Vomit]
Having released a killer debut release for CockRockDisco‘s free releases, there’s more Skull Vomit surfacing for us to enjoy, share and get a woody! We have selected 2 recently released tunes, one being a remix by Stazma The Junglechrist, the other a brand new tune of Singaya.
Singaya – bifurcation
DJ Skull Vomit – Anamalech (Stazma The Junglechrist Remix)
And let it be clear, if you haven’t downloaded the amazing Eustachian album and the killer remix album, you are seriously missing out. Grab ‘m both here, for Free!
album:
remix album:From: RGates8254@aol.com [Robert Gates] Date: Wed, 3 Jun 1998 00:15:35 EDT Fwd Date: Wed, 03 Jun 1998 21:08:06 -0400 Subject: Re: UFOs and Grassroot Action: What next? >From: MDJ50@webtv.net (Mike Jamieson) >Date: Fri, 29 May 1998 07:57:53 -0700 >To: updates@globalserve.net >Subject: UFOs and Grassroot Action: What next? >For over fifty years the UFO mystery has been an object of >occasional public attention. And though UFOs have become a very >popular theme in entertainment, the issue has not received the >type of serious attention from journalists, scientists and >political leaders that is necessary for developing an >understanding of this important matter. It never will receive the attention that people in the UFO community think it should. This is true in most every field of science. Why should the UFO field be any different? >The idea (and name) of Operation Right to Know manifested in the >fall of 1991 when Ed Komarek and I began planning for our first >event, an educational display at the White House ellipse for a >week in March 1992. >People began responding to the idea of ORTK and in July 1993 we >held a demonstration and rally at the White House, an event many >of you may remember. ORTK events followed at the Pentagon, GAO, >in Chicago, in Los Angeles, in London and elsewhere with fair to >good press coverage (though local DC tv ridiculed us, causing us >to turn down a morning after interview). >But with all that, no mass movement has arisen to fight UFO secrecy (no >where near it). Given this atmosphere, ORTK organizers are wondering, >what's next? Its called people don't care as long as the economy is perceived as being good, and they can indulge in beer and monday night football. As part of the impeachment of Nixon it was discovered that his aide Charles Colson had ONE thats right O-N-E only FBI file. The Clinton Whitehouse had over 900. The american public as a whole said we don't care. I think the "I don't care" attitude has spilled over into anything connected with government which includes the UFO coverup. >Of course, we have announced our plans for a demonstration at the >White House (for July 1999). But it's hard to argue with some of >the points raised so far in response to those plans. Therefore, >this posting is presented for the purpose of soliciting people"s >thoughts re.: (1) alternative forms of action (other than >conventional demonstrations; (2) alternative settings (other than >White House); and (3) message content. The only time the American public is going to care is if we have sightings flaps and waves like 52, 57, 66, 67, 73, AND the press gives it massive amounts of coverage, which leads to people calling the white house and Congress demanding that something should be done. Then you will get the attention of the policy makers. Said in another way, people as a whole don't care about incoming asterioids, BUT if the press reported that one was inbound and going to impact in a month, two or three, you would see so much groundswell and demands that something be done it would blow your mind. As long as the American public is happy/content with status quo, they are not going to care an iotta about UFOs, ET, and otherwise. Cheers, Robert
[ Next Message | Previous Message | This Day's Messages ]
This Month's Index |
UFO UpDates - Toronto - Operated by Errol Bruce-KnappShe claims, however, that she only knew him as Juan Lazaro, supposedly an Uruguayan, and didn't realize that he is actually Russian. The Russian government of Dmitry Medvedev and Vladimir Putin reportedly has offered Pelaez and Lazaro/Vasenkov sanctuary and a pension, but some news stories report that the couple intend to take up residence in Peru.
Pelaez and Lazaro/Vasenkov moved from Peru to New York in the 1980s, living first in the Bronx, before moving to nearby Yonkers in 1995. They are referred to in the FBI's complaint as the "Yonkers Conspirators."
As mentioned here in an earlier article (Russian Spy Case Shows Danger Of Amnesty for Illegal Aliens),according to an investigation by a Peruvian newspaper, Pelaez came to the United States under the 1986 amnesty for illegal aliens. However, says the paper, she used false documents and false testimony to obtain her amnesty.
For most of her residence in the United States Pelaez has worked as a writer for El Diario/La Prensa, the Spanish-language New York City newspaper, a platform she used to establish her reputation for radical, anti-American, pro-Fidel Castro reporting and commentary. Lazaro/Vasenkov studied at the New School for Social Research in New York and taught briefly (political science) at Baruch College, part of The City University of New York. He also contributed a chapter on socialist transformations in Latin America and Cuba in Women and Revolution: Global Expressions, a book published in 1998 and re-released in 2009.
An Associated Press story by Jocelyn Noveck and Jim Fitzgerald ran in many newspapers and online news outlets sporting titles such as "A wife betrayed," suggesting that Pelaez claim to ignorance of her husband's nationality and spying career is credible.
That was the slant adopted by MSNBC, for instance, which titled its story on Pelaez, "Spy mystery: Was columnist a wife betrayed?" MSNBC leaned further in her favor by adding a subtitle that stated: "It's not clear what she knew about her husband's Russian origins."
Could Pelaez really not have known? It appears that some of Lazaro/Vasenkov's friends and colleagues questioned his Uruguayan cover story. The same Noveck/Fitzgerald AP story mentioned above, cites several examples, but MSNBC (and other outlets) left those important sections out of their published version. Here is part of the text discarded by MSNBC:
Delfina Prieto, who worked alongside Lazaro at the Peruvian magazine Punto, called him "a magnificent person, a great companion." ... But she questioned his origin,."
Was MSNBC censoring important information that might help its readers come to a different conclusion than the sympathetic one implied in the network's title, subtitle, and story text? Or is this simply a case of sloppy editing? If it were the latter, one might expect that someone at MSNBC might have at least glanced at the FBI complaint for a follow-up story.
If a reporter or editor had bothered to do so they might have come across the testimony that a court-authorized aural surveillance of the couple's Yonkers home recorded a conversation in which Lazaro/Vasenkov described his childhood in Russia to Pelaez. The complaint states:
On or about April 17, 2002, acting pursuant to a judicial order, law-enforcement agents intercepted aural communications taking place inside the Yonkers House. LAZARO was heard describing is childhood to VICKY PELAEX, the defendant. In particular, LAZARO said: "we moved to Siberia ... as soon as the ware started[.]"
The FBI document also provides testimony indicating that Pelaez actively engaged in spy activities along with her husband. It states:
On or about January 14, 2000, in a South American country, VICKY PELAEZ, the defendent, received a package containing money from a representative of the Russian government.
The FBI document further charged that the agency had monitored electronic clicking sounds at the Pelaez-Lazaro/Vasenkov Yonkers home that it identified as "the sounds of a radio transmission being received from Moscow Center. In addition, the aural surveillance indicated that, on or about May 6, 2003, JUAN LAZARO, the defendent, told VICKY PELAEZ, the defendent , that he was 'receiving' 'radio' 'from over there.'"
As would be expected, far-left bloggers came to Pelaez' defense, claiming she is being railroaded. A communist-backed Committee to Defend Vicky Pelaez has sprung up, proclaiming her innocence and claiming that the espionage charges are "political persecution based on the criticism that she made in her columns against the erroneous policies of the United States." According to the Committee, Pelaez "is a serious, honest, professional journalist, loyal to the truth," and she and her husband Lazaro/Vasenkov "are faithful fighters for truth."
Castro Groupie
Pelaez has indeed written many columns attacking the United States and supporting its sworn enemies, but claims that she is a victim of "political persecution" are about as credible as the claims by her supporters that she is a champion of honesty and truth. And how credible are those claims? She is more a Castro groupie and propagandist than "professional journalist," going so far as to place Fidel, the atheist mass murderer, next to Jesus Christ in her pantheon of gods and demigods.
"Fidel Castro is already immortal!" wrote Vicky Pelaez in the Castro regime's house organ, Granma, back in 2006. She continued:...!
(Credit goes to Humberto Fontova and Babalublog.Com for digging up that Pelaez column.)
In 2005 Pelaez wrote a column for Granma, the official newspaper of the Central Committee of the Cuban Communist Party, attacking the U.S. prison system. Although some of her points are legitimate — and have been made also by conservatives and anti-communists — the whole point of her article, and the point of publishing it in Castro's press, was to bash the United States and capitalism. That particular Pelaez article was so highly regarded by Marxist-Leninists that it was reproduced in many communist publications, including Political Affairs, which for decades has been the official theoretical journal of the Communist Party, USA.
On May 8, 2010, Fidel Castro showed his approval of Vicky Pelaez' years of propagandizing on his behalf by quoting extensively (and approvingly) from her column during his weekly rant. (Another hat-tip to Humberto Fontova for the link). The Pelaez column that struck Castro's fancy on this occasion was one condemning Arizona for passage of S.B. 1070, an attempt to deal with the illegal migration crisis on the Arizona-Mexican border. Typical of communist argumentation, Pelaez and Castro try to cast the Arizona law as a racist attempt to enact Nazi-style legislation.
Fellow "Journalist" Agents: Duranty, Stone, Louis, Burchett
Is Vicky Pelaez a Russian agent? Since she elected to take the Obama administration's deal for a quick exit from the U.S., we won't have the benefit of a trial to view all of the evidence that might have been produced in court proceedings. However, based upon what is already available in the public record, it is difficult to see how any reasonable person could be disposed in favor of her improbable defense that she didn't even know Lazaro/ Vasenkov is a Russian.
The Kremlin has always put a premium on placing and recruiting agents in the western media. It's not difficult to see why; a journalist can greatly influence public opinion and public policy in favor of communist objectives. Some of them have accomplished far more than a division of the Red Army. Walter Duranty and his bosses at the New York Times were invaluable assets to Soviet dictator Stalin's, most infamously in their persistent cover-up of his mass-murder-by-famine in Ukraine. (See here, here, and here.)
Liberal-left icon I.F. Stone is another celebrated "journalist" who has been exposed as a KGB asset. This publications and others that recognized his role as a disinformation agent years — or even decades — earlier, were dismissed by the mainstream media (MSM) as "McCarthyites." Of course, none of those MSM voices offered apologies or mea culpas when the charges against Stone were proven true.
The same could be said for the MSM response to revelations that "journalists" Victor Louis, Wilfred Burchett, and Oleg Tumanov were conscious agents for Moscow. But they represented just the tip of the proverbial ice berg.
According to a 1941 internal KGB report, twenty-two American journalists were then working as agents for Soviet intelligence. There is no good reason to believe that those numbers have decreased — and many reasons to believe they have greatly increased. And there are likely to be many that are more important and influential than Vicky Pelaez.
Related content:
Why the Rush to Send Russian Agents Back?
Obama's Russia Adviser Michael McFaul and the Russian Spies
KGB/FSB: The "Game" Remains the Same
Photo: A combo of undated booking photos provided by U.S. Marshals on July 29, 2010 shows from top left, Tracey Lee Ann Foley whose real name is Elena Vavilova, Vicky Pelaez, and bottom, from left, Donald Howard Heathfield whose real name is Andrey Bezrukov and Juan Lazaro whose real name is Mikhail Vasenkov: AP ImagesOklahoma's Castle Doctrine and Stand Your Ground Laws
The not guilty verdict in the murder trial of George Zimmerman was met with shouts of support and cries of dismay. Those who agree with the verdict say that a man has the right to protect himself and to use lethal force in his own defense. Those who disagree with the verdict say that Zimmerman got away with murder, that if he had just remained in his vehicle as instructed, Trayvon Martin would be alive today. Regardless of one's personal view based manipulative media reports, the prosecution failed to prove its case and failed to demonstrate beyond a reasonable doubt that George Zimmerman violated the law and committed murder outside the state's Stand Your Ground Law. Since Martin's death, Stand Your Ground laws across the nation have come under intense scrutiny. In some states, the use of lethal force in self defense is justifiable only if an intruder enters one's home. The Castle Doctrine supports a person's right to be safe in his or her own home. States have varying degrees of rigidity in applying the Castle Doctrine, and some states have no Castle law on the books at all. However, 24 states, including Oklahoma, have "Stand Your Ground" laws, which take self-defense beyond the confines of one's home. Stand Your Ground laws say that a person has no duty to retreat if confronted by someone engaged in criminal activity, and that they can protect themselves with lethal force if they believe that their own lives are in jeopardy. Oklahoma's self defense laws--including a Castle law and Stand Your Ground law--are part of the Oklahoma Firearms Act of 1971 and are delineated in 21 O.S. 1289.25 of the state penal code: A.. Although the state's self defense laws are permissive, unreasonable force is not acceptable or justifiable in a court of law. Pharmacist Jerome Ersland found this out when he was convicted of first degree murder for shooting an attempted robber at the Reliable Discount Pharmacy. Ersland acted within the scope of the law when he shot Antwun "Speedy" Parker the first time, but when he returned to shoot a downed assailant five more times after he was incapacitated, his actions were deemed excessive. Ersland was sentenced to life in prison. If you are a gun owner, it is imperative that you understand the state's self defense laws. If you are criminally charged for an action you believe to be self defense, consult a lawyer as quickly as possible.Leaked couldn’t be executed because under Windows 8, there is no override. The users thus basically surrender control over their computers.
One of the documents retrieved by Zeit Online found that BSI stated that “unconditional, complete confidence” in Trusted Computing by stipulations of TPM 2.0 was not possible. Trusted Computing cultivated specifications for how the chip would work with operating systems.
Another document from early 2012 mourned the fact that “due to the loss of full sovereignty over the information technology, the security objectives of ‘confidentiality’ and ‘integrity’ can no longer be guaranteed.”
While not fully clear on the specifics, the documents appear to indicate that the NSA had some form of representation at the TCG meetings – during which German officials were also present - saying that they were in favor of leaving the technology in its existing state, without any changes being necessary. This suggests that the NSA does not see TPM 2.0 as hindering its operations.
A Snowden leak from July this year showed how Microsoft worked hand-in-hand with the United States government in order to allow federal investigators to bypass encryption mechanisms meant to protect the privacy of millions.
Penton’s Windows IT Pro trade publication pointed out that Zeit Online “seem[ed] to be using a bit of imagination to connect the dots and maybe the German government has other ideas.”
In a press statement released late Wednesday, the BSI insisted that “From the perspective of the BSI, the use of Windows 8 in combination with a TPM 2.0 is accompanied by a loss of control over the operating system and the hardware used.”Conjure
Drawing Board / Mind Map / Sketchbook / Whiteboard / Desktop
Itâs a sketchbook. It makes flow charts. You can make notes on it. Save links to important things, from specific emails to websites. Itâs a file organizer. Itâs a launcher. Itâs a photo manipulator. It can even use iChat to help you broadcast and collaborate your thoughts with other people. And it lives right on your desktop, so it application. This way, you can stay focused on the project at hand, while keeping all of your other projects at your fingertips.
Conjure transforms your stale desktop into a vibrant, powerful springboard, bridging the gaps between your ideas and the software on your Mac. To make this possible, we added almost 30 new capabilities to the desktop. Download it today, and try it out! The demo version only lets you use three desktops, but that's three times more than you have right now!
Required OS: 10.5
Tags: desktop , organization , customize
2 Opinions
There seems to be a newer version posted now. So it's not completely dead!
... somehow stalled and abandoned.
in view of its inspirational character there is a surprising black hole in terms of communication around this app.
there is no direct way to reach the developer, the forum is closed for new members, and it seems there is no trafic there for at least 3 months. even after finding secondary email-contact there is no reply.
... I wouldnÂ´t be surprised if development is down or has ceded...
... too bad for such a nice app! â“ meanwhile BumpTop seems to be a candidate to step into the void left by Conjure...October 29, 2009
Is One-and-Done Done?
by John Gasaway
Buzz Bissinger has sparked renewed discussion of one-and-done by doing something remarkable. He pitched an op-ed about the NBA's eligibility requirements to the New York Times and actually got a green light. Cool! Here's hoping the Gray Lady's op-ed page will henceforth teem with discussion of the important stuff: Zone vs. man, when to shoot that three, and continuing Waiting for Godot-styled coverage of the Renardo Sidney Lockout, Day 147. I salute Bissinger for securing space for hoops in some fairly snooty discursive real estate.
Now I must tell you that, perhaps like many of you, my first encounter with Bissinger was that infamous YouTube clip where he dropped on Deadspin founder Will Leitch like a jaguar out of a tree on HBO's "Costas Now." Go figure, that encounter in April of 2008, in which Bissinger gave free rein to what he has termed his "abiding hatred" of blogs, did not predispose me to think particularly well of him. Indeed at the risk of being branded as callous or depraved I actually liked Deadspin in the Leitch era. Maybe it's the fact that Will's from Mattoon, I'm from Springfield, and we're fellow University of Illinois graduates. All I know is I didn't enjoy seeing him on the receiving end of a tirade.
That was then. In the interim a lot has changed. Leitch left Deadspin, and so, as a reader, did I. In Leitch's absence his former site would intrude upon my awareness only occasionally, and in one of two ways. Either Deadspin was doing something interesting and informative enough for someone to bring it to my attention, or, conversely, the site was being roundly abused for having said something contentious yet sloppy in that oppressively formulaic and oddly dispiriting Gawkerese that I find fatiguing after about the second verb. Alas, over time I saw more of the latter and less of the former, until last week Deadspin recorded a new and unfathomable low in the field of dispiriting content.
Which brings me back to Bissinger. I still think he decried savagery savagely and that a couple of well-aimed rifle shots would have been preferable to his mad spray of buckshot. But I have to admit that Deadspin in 2009 does not exactly constitute a compelling refutation of his charges. He may have been further ahead of the proverbial curve on this one than I initially thought. Duly noted.
Maybe Bissinger's clarion call in the NYT for the swift and pitiless strangulation of one-and-done will prove equally farsighted. Calling upon David Stern "to abolish the NBA age limit," Bissinger asserts that "raising the minimum age to 19 hasn't helped the players in any way."
Certainly Bissinger and I share a vision of the utopian ideal here. Allow me to quote myself (from last year's book):
[On] a number of levels the best system for both college basketball and the NBA would be to allow players to enter the draft directly from high school and for the pro teams to be properly wary of these prospects. As my colleague Kevin Pelton has pointed out in his previous writing, there was once such a time. In the late 1990s, NBA teams largely stayed away from high school prospects. But when noncollegiate players like Kevin Garnett, Kobe Bryant, and Tracy McGrady started to show their undeniable worth, the teams that had passed on them kicked themselves and said, in effect, never again. Thus the high-school-heavy drafts of the early 2000s. In this sense, one-and-done was a correction to a correction.
In other words, Buzz Bissinger and I agree. One-and-done needs to go. Why, then, did I find so much in his piece that made me wince? I guess my reasons are different than his. Let's take a look.
The first wince occurred when Bissinger noted that players who entered the NBA straight out of high school have historically performed better as rookies than have their counterparts who were drafted as college juniors or seniors. Good grief, of course they have. The NBA may not be my beat--it says college hoops on my business card--but even a tyro like me knows that in any statistical comparison between two sets of NBA rookies, the group that includes LeBron, KG, Kobe, McGrady, Dwight Howard, and Amar'e Stoudemire is probably going to fare pretty well.
So let's be clear. The fear that permeated the air around the NBA draft in the old days before one-and-done was never that these players plucked straight from high school would fail to pan out as a group. It was that the high-schooler that your team drafted might fail to pan out. And in this sense it's revealing that Bissinger was able to perform the not inconsiderable feat of penning a 1300-word piece on one-and-done without using two words in particular, "Kwame" and "Brown."
One-and-done was born on July 29, 2005, in the searching aftermath of Brown. The NBA's front offices wanted to avoid the occasional Ryan Leaf-level misfire at the top of the draft and thought that seeing players in college for two seasons would help them better evaluate the talent--hardly a strange notion at the time. The Players Association, on the other hand, wanted to keep the status quo. During the negotiation of the current collective bargaining agreement, one-and-done emerged as the compromise solution. For the most part the NCAA has been but a hapless, albeit very interested, bystander in all of this.
Though not in Bissinger's telling, which brings me to wince number two. Bissinger suggests that Stern and the NBA raised the age limit in part to help the NCAA and its member institutions with their bottom lines: "My guess is [Stern] also did it to appease the National Collegiate Athletic Association; you could hear the whining that the NBA's version of cradle-robbing was denying the college game great players who could sell out arenas."
Actually, with one mildly surprising exception, one-and-done players appear to have had little impact on actual gate receipts, for a couple of very mundane but nevertheless important reasons. First there's the fact that a not insignificant portion of one-and-done players choose to play at blue-chip programs where the games already sell out and the officially licensed merchandise already flies off the shelves. Second, one-and-done players just aren't as glamorous as Bissinger thinks they are. While we tend to instantly think "Rose" or "Beasley" or "Durant" when we hear "one-and-done," we would be on more solid footing to think "Koufos" or "Crittenton" or "Jordan (DeAndre)," for even among the elite fraternity of one-and-done players the latter far outnumber the former.
Nevertheless I was intrigued by Bissinger's version of events, so I went looking for measurable jumps in attendance that reasonable people could attribute to the arrival of a one-and-done star. (Though of course short of administering interviews at the turnstiles, we can never really know what motivated the attendees.) Here's what I found.
The economic consequences of phenoms
Changes in home attendance with selected one-and-done stars
Conference games only
With star Year after
(% change) (% change)
O.J. Mayo (USC, 2008) +20 -25
Derrick Rose (Memphis, 2008) +13 -2
Oden/Conley/Cook (Ohio St., 2007) +12 0
Kevin Durant (Texas, 2007) +5 +6
Michael Beasley (Kansas St., 2008) +2 -11
Again, we can't know for certain that these players drove these numbers, but the dots do line up in an awfully interesting way for O.J. Mayo. Not only was there a 20 percent jump in attendance at Pac-10 home games the year he played at the Galen Center, there was an even larger drop in turnout the next year. This despite the fact that still another one-and-done star, DeMar DeRozan, was in uniform for a team that went 9-9 in the Pac-10 and made the NCAA tournament. Mayo didn't always wow me with his performance on the court, but I will say this for him: He put bodies in the seats.
A 20 percent increase in attendance is nice, and I'm sure USC was glad to have that bump. Still, in this case we're talking about a difference of about 1600 fans per game. And the notion that the NCAA is fretting about the NBA's minimum age requirement for fear of losing 1600 fans in the Galen Center is almost touchingly naive. The NCAA's revenue stream is a little more substantial than that, and it's locked in years in advance, whether the minimum age requirement for the NBA is 18 or 80.
The NCAA gets the lion's share of its revenue from selling the broadcast rights to the Division I men's basketball tournament. The current contract with CBS is winding down and one of the most important agenda items facing the NCAA's men's basketball committee is deciding how many teams to include in future tournaments. This is information the NCAA needs well in advance to negotiate the next contract. In those negotiations the NBA's minimum age requirement is very likely to be a non-issue. The advertisers don't care, therefore the networks don't care.
One-and-done needs to go away, but not because it was a corrupt bargain hatched by a duplicitous David Stern in cahoots with an avaricious NCAA. It needs to go away because for a very tiny minority of the most elite 18-year-old prospects, the NBA really is the proper place for them to play. To force them to wait a year not only leads to all kinds of messy mishaps, it's also, well, wrong. Let that tiny elite navigate the transition to the next level as best they can, unfettered by any limitations that stagger out of collective bargaining instead of emerging through trial and error. Let the NBA worry about drafting Bryants instead of Browns. And let the college game be played by those who aren't just killing time.
Follow John on Twitter: @johngasaway.
John Gasaway is an author of Basketball Prospectus.
You can contact John by clicking here or click here to see John's other articles.
Comment Quick LinksWith South Beach becoming the center of the basketball universe after LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh agreed to sign with the Miami Heat, the curiosity has been piqued of the remaining free agents about the potential dynasty being put together in the ‘Sunshine State’.
In fact, the interest is at such a high level that even a member of the defending NBA Champion Los Angeles Lakers can’t resist taking a peek.
According to ESPNLA.com, Lakers free agent point guard Derek Fisher is scheduled to meet with Heat president Pat Riley on Saturday.
Fisher's preference remains to re-sign with the Lakers, but he feels the need to explore his options and listen to Riley's pitch as Los Angeles general manager Mitch Kupchak continues to work on an offer that is satisfactory to the five-time NBA Champion.
If it were up to Kobe Bryant though, Fisher would have been locked up by the Lakers well before any meetings were scheduled with other organizations.
."
Although Fisher will listen to what Riley and the Heat have to offer, the Lakers are confident the 14-year veteran will eventually re-sign with the organization.
However, Mitch Kupchak would be best served not to allow this situation to linger because Riley has proven to be extremely persuasive when push comes to shove. Just ask Chris Bosh, Dwyane Wade and LeBron James.
Click here to read more about 2010 NBA free agency on Examiner.com.One of the really interesting things about driving across the US is that distances seem to get longer when you go West. They’re not any longer, obviously, but there does seem to be more ‘openness’ between places. As a colleague of Frank’s said, “After Kansas City, there’s a whole lot of nothin”. Luckily, we found that axiom to be deceptively both true and false.
We rolled out of Lawrence Kansas ready to head out West to Colorado. The original route plan had us staying somewhere between Kansas City and Denver. Exactly where was to be determined. Our return route features several marathon driving days. Frank thought it was a good idea to ‘test the waters’ and see how far we could get in one day. So it was off to Denver we headed! It’s true there aren’t a lot of ‘big’ places between these two cities, but there are lots of little places that are just fascinating to stop along the way. We couldn’t hit them all in the interest of time. However, a couple did catch our eye.
One place that can only be described as adorable is a small town in central Kansas named Wamego. This little town is a bit back from the Interstate but well worth the stop. It only covers a tad under two square miles in area and it has a population of just 4,700 or so people. But let us tell you, there is a lot to see and do in Wamego at least for an hour stopover. The town seriously looks like its the pattern for Superman’s Smallville or it’s nickname from the Wizard of Oz.
It features the Oz museum and everything there is labeled some sort of Oz. We didn’t hit the museum, but we did hit something much better….
The Oz Winery Shop feature some of the funniest named wines we’ve ever seen. Whether you want a dry, medium Ding Dong the Wine is Red or a Niagara white Kansas In The Rear View Mirror, you can find it there. Frank’s personal favorite was The Drunken Munchin (also available as a shirt). Needless to say, the labels are equal to the names. You can taste the wines there, but we didn’t as we were driving. We did send one home to our cat sitter as a big thank you.
That’s but one of the many little shops along the main street in Wamego, KS. There were many more and we could have easily spent the day looking in each of them. Wamego is a great little place that makes you feel proud that such places not only survive in middle America but even appear to thrive. It really should make you think harder about labeling most of the US as ‘fly over country’. That obscures so much of the impressive activity going around the country in little corners of our nation. We’d go back to Wamego again, if we had the chance.
We got back on the road heading yet West again, eager for our next stop. The colleague who mentioned ‘whole lot of nothin’ did happen to mention that Ft. Riley was an interesting place to stop, so it was our next destination. Military bases litter the US and each has a role in the armed forces in one form of the other. Fort Riley was established in 1853 and used as the base of operations for the push West. After the Indian wars, it served as the central base from which the US calvary was trained. Or so we thought based upon the signs leading up to Ft. Riley.
It turns out it’s 100% active and STILL the place where the U.S .calvary is trained, abet the modern version with tanks. It’s remarkable easy to get off the highway and drive right into an active military base. Luckily, this base has a fairly popular museum of the history of the US Calvary, so the guards at the front are nice about accidental drive ons. If you visit Ft. Riley, please be very respectful of the activities going on. Even if you’re on vacation, they are still at work. We found them to be highly respectful, professional, helpful, and downright friendly. They’re very understanding of non-military personel attempting to find their way and more than willing to direct you where you want to go.
If you get the chance, we recommend seeing the history of the U.S. Calvary at the museum. Obviously the history of the calvary is highly controversial, especially as it relates to the Native American population of the US, but it is an important part of cartographic history and ordinance. The museum of the U.S. Calvary obviously has a point of view, but it focuses primarily on the life and experience of the men in the Calvary, not their role in history. The exhibits start at the beginning of the Calvary when they were known as Dragoons, all the way through World War II. The life of the trooper is detailed, as well as the technology they used to do their job. Did you know the U.S. Calvary continued mounted horse units into World War II? We didn’t. That’s just one of the hundreds of interesting facts you can find out about the US Calvary at the museum at Ft. Riley.
Outside the museum is a pretty cool display of mechanized calvary units used in the last 60 years. Nestled on the other side of that display is a really cool thing for geographers – survey markers for latitude and longitude!
We went through Hays,which was a natural mid-point between Kansas City and Denver, Colorado. We found a nice coffee shop to eat at that got high reviews. We didn’t stop at the Sternberg Museum of Natural History (dinosaurs!) museum or Fort Hays University , which was highly recommended, but did pass lots of cattle ranches and corn fields on the way. You get a true feeling for why the mid-west is called the bread basket of America. We were starting to run out of steam and decided to stop “somewhere in Kansas” as indicated on our itinerary. We hadn’t booked a hotel room ahead of time because we didn’t know where we would stop and we also didn’t expect to have problems finding a room for the night. We were wrong. Not only were there long stretches with no places to stop, but the smaller towns had the highest price hotel rooms of the trip. Location matters. We used a combination of location based services and gut feeling to locate a hotel room late at night in Limon, Colorado. It was clean, quiet, and one of the less expensive hotels in town. We talked about how, if our parents were doing this trip when we were younger, they would have stopped at a rest area or camp site and had us sleep in the car.
License Plates seen on Day 4:Readers Report
TAKING A SHOT AT RATING B-SCHOOLS
Regarding "The best B-schools" (Cover Story, Oct. 26), not only do we fault your basic assumption that all schools can be compared with one another, but we question the rating methods that you use. One of your dimensions of excellence relates to the responses from executives of the companies that hire our graduates. How can we accept opinions from managers of companies that may be marginal performers? What are the credentials of the respondents of each corporation surveyed? They may well be hiring the wrong people who cannot ensure that their companies will survive.
The second source of rating information that you use is based on student evaluations. How can a recent graduate make a judgment about curriculum within weeks after graduation? The skills learned in an MBA program have a long shelf life, and a good school provides the basic ingredients for lifelong learning.
Professor Kalyan Singhal
University of Baltimore
Professor Martin K. Starr
Columbia University
Editor's note: Singhal is president and Starr is a board member of the Production & Operations Management Society, which is working to develop a system for benchmarking B-schools.Winnipeg intentionally removes warning signs from school zones so it can write more speeding tickets, claims one of Canada’s most militant traffic crusaders
Despite all the resources and time he was granted, Judge Bruce Cohen has failed to satisfy half his mandate
As promised, the PQ will make sovereignty a priority, Marois announced Wednesday. But before diehards get excited, that was 'food sovereignty' she was talking about
The Conservative government has been surprisingly reticent about touting its fiscal conservative credentials, hoping to do nothing that might annoy voters unnecessarily
Evan Raap's voice cracked with emotion as he told the 911 operator his grandpa was unresponsive in the front seat. 'I'm worried,' he said
After a two year legal battle, graphic surveillance video of 19-year-old Ashley Smith was finally released Wednesday
How curious that it isn’t the roughness of Ashley Smith’s treatment within the federal prison system that is so striking, but rather her own unbreakable response to it
'That kind of extremism on trade is why Canadians will never entrust economic policy to the NDP,' Stephen Harper declared Wednesday
As you may have heard, New York was recently struck by a hurricane, and as you may have seen, among the casualties were the late-night comedy shows
His wife called him “honourless” and a “cuckold,” until he could tolerate it no longer. But also, she lunged at him with a knife, leaving him no alternative but to slit her throat, Khairi testifiedFair Foods.
Jack's French Fries Have Been Served at the State Fair Since 1942.
By Melissa on Sunday, October 21, 2012 at 4:49 PM
Throughout the course of its 24-day run, we took a daily look at the foods of the 2012 State Fair of Texas. We hope it was as tasty for you as it was for us.
Day 24: Jack's French Fries.
Let's end this thing on an old-time favorite. Jack's French Fries have been with the State Fair of Texas since 1942.
What is it? A paper cone overflowing with piping hot french fries.
Where can you find it? The same spot it's in every year, right in front of the Cotton Bowl, just next to the games..
Day 20: Roasted Corn.
Day 21: Picnic on a Stick.
Day 22: Funnel Cake.
Day 23: Fried Peanut Butter, Jelly and Banana Sandwich.Abstract
We analyze and describe the evolution of the Poynting vector and angular momentum of the Airy beam as it propagates through space. A numerical approach is used to show the Poynting vector follows the tangent line of the direction of propagation. A similar approach is used to show that while the total angular momentum of the Airy beam is zero, the angular momentum of the main intensity peak and the Airy “tail” are non-zero.
© 2008 Optical Society of AmericaFull Article | PDF ArticleStyle Me Pretty has a step-by-step instructions posted on how to make the pretty pinwheels shown below. You can access the tutorial here.
Make homemade glimmer mist using a tutorial from Debby de Wilde.
Julie Dudley has a couple of tutorials up on the Lime Tart blog showing how to make the climbing flowers on a vine shown below. You can access the tutorials here and here.
A Million Memories hosts “Technique Tuesday” every Tuesday on their blog. Recently, designer Larissa Albernaz shows how to create a corset card with step by step instructions which includes printable templates. You can find this tutorial here. Also, see one photo below.
Tammy Tutterow has an alcohol technique posted on her blog. See one photo below.
Carla Cavellucci Landi shows how to make a magic clipboard (dry erase) in a tutorial here. One photo is shown below.
Andrea Davenport shows innovative ways to use stamps at Scrapbooking from the Inside Out. (Note, you will need to create an account to view this tutorial.) One example is shown below.
On the Scrapbooking from the Inside Out blog, Nancy Doren shows how to make a fantastic fabric ruffle here. Also, Rita Barakat creates out-of-the-box texture in a project tutorial here.
Here is a neat project idea for spray painting a chalkboard onto a glass jar from Get Carried Away. See one photo below. Also, don't forget to check out our DIY chalkboard using black vinyl stickers cut out from a Cricut Expression cutting machine here.
Angie, thank you so much! And I’ll check the other wonderful ideas! I really love Scrapscene!!!
Hi there your pinwheel link actually sends readers to another blog. Just thought you would like to know because I imagine everyone will be clicking on it since they are gorgeous!! Thanks for sharing the inspiration!!
Cheers,
Renee
Thanks, Renee! I’ve fixed it now.
Angie, I love your blog today with all the beautiful things to look at and read about. Just filled up my tabs (poor computer) with all the things I wanted to look at.Now?>>
Now the other f*cking thing that bothers me about these girls on facebook are not just their retarded duck faces they make, not just the attention whorism they portray so obviously to the whole damn world of facebook, but their FB statuses. Here's a list of popular statuses these girls write. #1) Every five seconds they write about their boyfriend and how much they love them, even though they already started dating a week ago (and they call their BF "boo" or baby" in their stauses. GRRRRRRRRR!!! Hate those pet names!!
^
Well that's all I could think of for these facebook girls and their obnoxious existence...
**If you liked this rant, check out my Teenagers Rant>>fav.me/d4xodxf
IF YOUR UGLY THEN WHY WOULD YOUGUJJJICANTEVENFSEJOFYC
How true.
They should be shipped away to an island somewhere faaaar awaaaay!
still It's in the girls mind > We want that people know what's on if we are sad even though we don't want to tell it.
It's really stupid, I know
Unforgivably, the retarded males on facebook give them this attention. Making it worse.
That was...
Thanks so much. Seriously, your rant has definitely made my day. *chuckles more*
for christ's sake
So, on fact I live a happy life without Facebook!
p.s. cliches you listed apply to EVERY social web, however.
Funny, I don't think a rock would care about you not liking Facebook.
And it's your own fault for adding whores as friends. If you really need to have them as friends, you could just block them.
Or, you know, delete your Facebook account since you hate it so much. Problem solved. Although I guess you'll still have your crappy friends in real life, from what it sounds like.
By the way, you use too many exclamation marks. It's annoying.
I'm just saying, dear, it's annoying as fuck and will piss people off
you are not .... whores have a niche in society YOU do not
whores are smart you are not
and well, if you so hate it, why not just erase them from your friend list?
I mean, and here you are, ranting, and some people may find that as obnoxious as you find the girls in Facebook, but it's the Internet, people post whatever the fuck they want, what's the point of raging over some crap some 15 yr old girls post? Lol.
this is a relatively rare chance to see such a large gathering of "non-conformist" teenage females (approx. 13-15 years of age, i believe.) so peaceful and naturally hypocritical, do not scare them away.
But butthurt replies from them can be as amusing. (?)
i doubt you will get much butthurt, though. this herd seems to possess rampant "special snowflake" syndrome.
and, from my knowledge, it's rather hard to get anything other than fail and stupidity out of narcissistic rainbow princesses.Reviewed By Kenneth W (Redding, CA) Reviewed for a
2006
Chrysler Crossfire
—10/19/2014 1:56 PM
Liner fits perfect. Fast shipping and reasonable price.. Thanks
Reviewed By William J (Salem, UT) Reviewed for a
2006
Chrysler Crossfire
—1/25/2010 11:07 AM
Great quality mats, fit perfectly, fast shipping and good value too. Couldn't be happier
Reviewed By Angel R (Guayanilla, PR) Reviewed for a
2014
Mercedes-Benz G-Class
—5/19/2015 6:21 AM
colorful pretty adjust perfectly21 Signs You're Completely Obsessed With 'The Bachelor'
21 Signs You're Completely Obsessed With 'The Bachelor'
21 Signs You're Completely Obsessed With 'The Bachelor'
You're in a serious relationship with The Bachelor, and there's nothing wrong with that!
We all love our reality television and look forward to our weekly 'dates' with Chris Harrison. But if you've been there since Alex Michael,:
Monday nights are reserved for one thing, and one thing only:
If someone dares to speak while you're watching The Bachelorette tonight:
You're convinced you wouldn't still be single if you had Chris Harrison to give you relationship advice:
You're sick of your mom telling you the show is fake:
You couldn't believe your ears when you heard that Bachelor Pad had been cancelled:
When one of your tweets scrolled on screen during the show, it was—by far—the greatest moment of your life:
The biggest fight you've ever had with your roommate was when she deleted the new episode from your DVR before you got to watch it:
You're all about a memorable entrance, but when a guy gets out of the limo in a suit of armor or without a shirt on? Just no:
You're dying to know what ABC puts in the mansion water, because there sure is a lot of 'I love you' getting said too soon:
You get excited every time Chris Harrison describes next week's episode as the "most dramatic episode in Bachelor history":
Only to get duped by the rose master once again:
You put your kid to bed early on Monday nights so you can watch the show in peace:
While the rest of the world hates Monday, it's your favorite day of the week:
You get your office Bachelorette bracket right every week:
But between August and January, you have nothing to live for on Monday nights.
You are no longer looking for Prince Charming. Now, you're looking for Arie:
The first thing you do at the beginning of every season is follow all the cast members on Twitter so you can be 'real' friends:
In your group of friends, saying someone is "pulling a Tierra" is the worst insult you could ever give:
You've seen so many dudes cry that if one gets slightly emotional in real life, you're done:
If a guy takes you on a date that doesn't involve a helicopter or repelling down a building:
But no matter how into the show you are, at least once every rose ceremony, you still think:
More juicy articles on YourTango:Abby's Expertise
Can Abby's expertise help Gibbs out of an awkward case on NCIS? "Devil's Triad" is the tenth episode of the show's 11th season.
- Photo Credit:
- CBS
- Show:
- NCIS
- Episode:
- NCIS Season 11 Episode 10: "Devil's Triad"
- Characters:
- Abby Sciuto, Leroy Jethro Gibbs
- Related Photos:
- NCIS Photos, NCIS Season 11 Episode 10 Photos, Abby Sciuto Photos, Leroy Jethro Gibbs Photos
- Location:
- Los Angeles, California
- Related Post:
-
- Uploaded by:
- Christine Orlando
- Uploaded:
-2. Asthma and Allergy Month 1 in 12 adults and 1 in 11 children have asthma, staggering amounts, more information at the cdc website.
Hepatitis A
Hepatitis B
Hepatitis C
Hepatitis D
Hepatitis E
4. Huntington Disease Team Hope 2013 Walk Philadelphia May 19 at the Philadelphia Navy Yard
5. Lupus Walk to End Lupus Now May 19th, Ocean City, New Jersey.
6. Mental Health Awareness Sharing a little inside story. I once said to a friend, "you make me feel foolish", his reply was "I can't make you feel anything, you own your own feelings". That statement stopped me in my tracks. I don't think he was all that brilliant but he was married to a therapist, so maybe he is brilliant : ). Food for thought and no charge. I also came across this lecture at TED.com Thomas Insel: Toward a new understanding of Mental Illness. During the talk he mentions that there are 38,000 suicides every year, about one every 15 minutes, the third most common cause of death among 15 - 25year olds. It is twice as common as homicide and more common than traffic fatalities. Ninety percent of these suicides are related to mental illness.
7. Neurofibromatosis Awareness Month. It is a neurological disorder that can affect the brain, spinal cord, nerves and skin.
9. Skin cancer awareness, skin cancer is the most common of all cancers.
10. Stroke Awareness and spotting the symptoms. Get help F A S T, time matters read about tPA. "before" you are faced with a critical decision.
Most Link Sources: CDC.gov () is your online source for credible health information and is the official Web site of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).What does PRAP stand for?
What does PRAP mean? This page is about the various possible meanings of the acronym, abbreviation, shorthand or slang term: PRAP.
We've found a total of 3 definitions for PRAP:
Filter by: Sort by:PopularityAlphabeticallyCategory
Still can't find the acronym definition you were looking for? Use our Power Search technology to look for more unique definitions from across the web!
"PRAP." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Allegheny College, History
Tenure-Track Assistant Professor of History, Colonial and/or Revolutionary America
The Department of History invites applicants for a tenure-track position beginning Fall 2014. We seek candidates with teaching and research interests in Colonial and/or Revolutionary America. Ability to teach courses in women’s history, the history of the Atlantic World, and Native American history would also be desirable. Ph.D. and previous teaching experience preferred. Teaching load is 6 courses per year. All faculty are expected to participate in delivering college-wide first-year/sophomore seminars that emphasize writing and speaking. The successful candidate will provide evidence of excellence in teaching, ongoing scholarship, and professional development. Allegheny College is a highly selective private liberal arts college with a dedicated faculty of teacher-scholars. Please e-mail application materials (cover letter including teaching and research interests, CV, and list of three references – full references not necessary at this stage) as a single PDF file (with candidate's name as file name) by Monday 4 November 2013 to Professor Ian Binnington, hist.colonial@allegheny.edu.
Allegheny College is an Equal Opportunity Employer, with a strong institutional commitment to develop a diverse faculty and staff. Women and members of other under-represented groups are encouraged to apply.County should lead lawmakers to right conclusion
Bisphenol A (known as BPA) is a troublesome chemical compound used to manufacture rigid plastics found in reusable beverage containers, canned foods, computer keyboards and too many other products to mention.
And here's what you need to know: During the last Oregon legislative session, industry lobbyists convinced House Republicans to scuttle a bill that had passed muster with the Senate. That bill would have banned the sale of such things as infant milk bottles, sippy cups and reusable beverage containers manufactured with BPA as an additive.
The bill wisely didn't include items such as computer keyboards, because the reality is that BPA is so prevalent that an across-the-board ban would have brought commerce to a screeching halt.
In other words, the Senate bill would have only scratched the surface, but would have been a start at removing this chemical from the things Oregonians ingest.
That's significant because more and more scientific experts are reaching the conclusion that BPA represents a real health risk. What scientists say is that BPA mimics estrogen, allowing the chemical to bind to the same receptors throughout the human body as natural female hormones. Tests show the chemical promotes human breast cancer cell growth. The chemical also has been linked to prostate cancer and a variety of other health problems.
It's not at all surprising that lobbyists argued that scientific studies don't convincingly prove BPA is a human health hazard. (Remember the tobacco industry and its claims that scientists hadn't convincingly proven that tobacco is addictive?) Like we said, it's not surprising.
So, faced with an Oregon House that just finished a historic session of bipartisanship - the same House that killed this wise bill while divided along party lines - business interests are still free to distribute sippy cups and baby bottles in Oregon that contain this chemical.
Enter Multnomah County Commission Chairman Jeff Cogan, who wants to enact a countywide ban that replicates the Senate bill.
We think Cogan is on the right track. A work group is fast tracking a proposal that Cogan hopes to take before his fellow commissions for consideration.
We don't want to step too harshly on this timely and important proposal, but we are somewhat concerned about the idea of enacting regional policy on a subject that really ought to be handled at a statewide level.
This is an issue strikingly similar to the proposed statewide ban of plastic grocery bags. That was another measure that went nowhere in the Legislature, prompting the city of Portland to enact its own ban.
But these regional policies only serve to confuse merchants, distributors and consumers as rules change willy-nilly when people cross invisible city and county lines.
It's a foregone conclusion that BPA should be removed from products that people put in their mouths. Already some merchants are voluntarily removing these products from their shelves.
What we suggest is that Multnomah County should go ahead with removing from the marketplace the BPA-infused baby bottles, sippy cups and reusable beverage containers. Consumers really shouldn't have to wait for a do-nothing Legislature.
Though no date has been set for when this ban would go into affect, perhaps Multnomah County's significant influence would be what it takes to move the Legislature toward approval of a similar bill during its next session.
And Multnomah County's approval of this ban should be on the condition that it will fall in line with statewide rules once lawmakers figure out this is in the best interests of all Oregonians.The prime advantage of LCC for a North American library, or a library
purchasing North American material, is that it is more frequently in
CIP and derived MARC records than any other.
There are certainly areas which are problematic, depending of the prime
subject concentration of the collection. We have customers who prefer
to use with LC artistic photography NH, medicine W. Canadian history FC,
Canadian literature PS 800) and/or Canadian KF or Moys. But still the
bulk of material need not be classed inhouse.
The several libraries we've reclassed from DDC to LCC have been
pleased with the slight rearrangement of material, the more
detailed classification, and escaping DCC phoenix (redone) schedules.
LC does not assign new meanings to previously used numbers, although
topics are occasionally shifted.
We have done several DDC to LCC reclassifications. Here are some
practices which we found to work well for patrons, and which eased the
transition for staff.
1) Class all new material in LCC
On day one, class all new material in LCC. Most material will have CIP
with an LCC number. Have classifiers unfamiliar with LCC look the number
up in the schedules to ascertain how it was constructed.
For material which must be originally classified, check the first
subject heading against an LC MARC database (we use ITS MARC English).
LCSH can also be used as an index to the classification, if the
cataloguer does not know which schedule index to consult. The meanings
of at least the first letters should be memorized.
Use the LC Cuttering method as opposed to Cutter-Sanborn. This table can
soon become internalized, and will not have to be consulted.
2) Ribbon shelving
Shift all DDC books down on the shelves, shelving tightly. Shelve the
newly classed LCC books above.
There should be a rough correspondence between subject matter above and
below. There will be less walking for patrons to see both sections for
most subjects. To create this correspondence shelve in this order:
A B C D E F G H J K L M N
000 100,200 900 300 700
P Q R S T U V Z
400,800 500 600
There will be some lack of correspondence, e.g., recreation in 790, and
the DDC 000s split between LCC's A and Z. Place labeled wooden blocks
on the DDC shelves to direct patrons to moved classes. It would, w
think, because too much confusion to move parts of classes such as 790s
or 020s to be with their LCC counterparts.
3) Osmotic reclassification
Never reshelve a DDC book in the DDC section. After circulation, return
the book to cataloguing for reclassification. It is also possible to
notify cataloguing of books checked out (by sending the circulation card
or shelf list for libraries having either of those) so that the
reclassification is completed by the time the book is returned.
4) Initially avoid down the shelf reclassification.
With the exception of reference materials (and perhaps reserve materials in
an academic library) avoid down the shelf reclassification for some
time. Down the shelf reclassification would result in time being
absorbed by obscure material lacking MARC records having LCC numbers,
and which may never be used.
5) Weed
When the DDC collection has shrunk to one quarter or less of the total
collection, undertake weeding of the DDC collection. The remainder may
be reclassed leisurely.
6) Use automation
Many have found MarcEdit to be a good tool for inserting LCC numbers
into legacy records.
Please feel free to ask any questions I have not covered or any points
about which I have not been clear.
P.S.
One of our staff members, Richard Violette, has found the use of
a conversion table such as the following helpful in assigning LCC to
records which have an 082 DDC but no 050 LCC.
Conversion tables : LC-Dewey, Dewey-LC / Mona L. Scott, with the
assistance of Christine E. Alvey. -- Englewood, Colo. : Libraries
Unlimited, 1993.
Personally, I don't favour the use of such tables myself, because the
structures of the two systems are so different. A 5XX number can
suggest Q, as opposed to a 6XX number suggesting T, and of course 8XX
numbers can give you the nationality of the author without having to
look it up. But I prefer to approach LCC by topic.
More helpful I think is a concordance of subject headings and LCC class
numbers. We or the library's systems person should be able to
construct one from the library's records. In the left column you have
the 1st 650 from each MARC record which has an 050. In the right hand
column you have each 050 associated with that first 650. The classifier
would have to check the numbers against the schedule to determine which
is appropriate, but such a concordance does suggest numbers, The same
use can be made of LCSH, but not every heading has a number.
One can have concordances in as many languages as there are
languages of subject headings. If there are OCLC records in the
database, LCC numbers can also be found in 090.
I would like to stress the value of osmotic reclassification in the form
of reclassing materials while on loan, printing the labels, and
remarking upon return from circulation. It is a truism that weeding
should be undertaken before reclassification. This is an expensive,
time consuming process, and needed material could be mistakenly
discarded. If all circulated materials are reclassed while on loan for,
say, two years, there will be a much smaller body of material to be
examined for possible discard.
Standard material which circulates is more likely to have a record with
an 050 LCC class number. Classifiers could become familiar with the
classification before having to assign so many class numbers originally.
You might want to do down-the-shelf reclassification of the reference
collection, and of the reserve collection during the holiday before
school reopens. But for the bulk of the collection, I suggest delaying
down the shelf reclassification for from two to five years. Undertaking
that at the outset can bog you down with esoteric little used material.
If a branch of any system uses an alternate classification, e.g.,
Moys law classification, the collection should use the same
classification for law. The Moys' "K" intershelves with LCC, replacing
LCC's K. The difference between LCC's K for law and Moys' K for law, is
that LCC's arranges law by jurisdiction, and Moys' arranges common law
jurisdictions together by topic.
In Canada there is an adaptation of LCC's KF (U.S. law in LCC) which also
arranges all common law jurisdictions together by topic. This means
that in libraries using that adaptation, no use is made of LCC's KD
British law and KE Canadian law, If you see such a KF number in 055,
it should *not* be used unless the library uses that adaptation.
If a university has a medical school, it might want to consider NLM
(National Library of Medicine) classification. It uses "W" for
medicine, replacing LCC's R, and like Moys, intershelving with LCC.
As with Moys, if the branch library uses NLM, medical books in the main
collection should also be in NLM.
This would effect the reclassification of DDC 340 and/or 610.
SLC assigns class numbers for book jobbers on the basis of ftp files,
and could do the same for any library reclassing to LCC.Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookies
Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookies are big, thick, chewy, soft in the middle, crisp at the edges, and loaded with chocolate chips!
It’s day three of Chocolate Chip Cookie Week! Yesterday I featured a recipe for Soft Batch Chocolate Chip Cookies for those who love super soft and tender cookies. Today I’m super duper excited to share with you my version of the Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookies complete with a video to show you exactly how they’re made. You’re going to love this recipe! Yay for Chocolate Chip Cookie Week!
Be sure to check out my Ultimate Guide to Chocolate Chip Cookies!
You may be asking yourself, what makes this recipe the “ultimate?” Well, let me tell you. I’ll start with flavor because these cookies have HUGE butterscotch flavor and that is exactly what I adore in a chocolate chip cookie. Beyond the flavor is the texture, which is nothing short of incredible. These cookies have my version of the ultimate texture combination: thick, super chewy, soft and a little gooey in the middle, crisp and slightly crunchy at the edges, with ooey chocolate chips throughout. Does anything get better than that? I don’t think so. I would want these cookies to be a part of my last meal on earth, that’s how much I love them!
Do you remember my Ultimate Guide to Chocolate Chip Cookies Part 1 and Part 2? That is where I discovered all the secrets to making my version of the best chocolate chip cookie. This recipe utilizes half bread flour which lends chewiness to the cookies. It also uses a bunch of brown sugar which lends that butterscotch flavor and thick and soft texture. The extra egg yolk in this recipe also helps keep these cookies soft yet chewy and adds richness in flavor. The last key element is the 24 to 72 hour chilling period which is a huge pain in the butt, I know, but it is so completely worth it. The flavor and texture only improves as the dough chills, promise! Watch the video to learn exactly how these cookies are made!
Recipe Rundown
Taste: Big butterscotch flavor without being too sweet. These cookies taste like what you imagine a chocolate chip cookie should taste like!
Texture: The best part! These babies are big, thick, super chewy yet soft on the inside and crisp at the edges. When they’re fresh from the oven the chocolate is all warm and gooey. Perfection!!!
Ease: Very easy, though I do use two different flours and there is a chilling period so patience is involved. You can make a double batch, shape the dough into balls, then freeze the balls. Defrost and bake when the cookie craving comes!
Appearance: A stack of these cookies would turn anyone into the cookie monster.
Pros: My all time favorite cookie recipe.
Cons: None.
Would I make this again? A thousand times yes, I’ve made this recipe a handful of times already and have extra dough stashed in the freezer at all times.
Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookies
Yield: About 24 large cookies
Prep Time: 10 minutes
Cook Time: 15 minutes
Total Time: 24 hours 25 minutes
Ingredients:
1 1/2 cups (6.6 ounces) all-purpose flour
1 1/4 cups (5.6 ounces) bread flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon baking powder
1 teaspoon fine sea salt
2 sticks (8 ounces) unsalted butter, at room temperature
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 1/4 cups packed brown sugar
2 teaspoons vanilla
2 large eggs plus 1 egg yolk, at room temperature
2 cups.
Recipe by Tessa of Handle the Heat
Products used to make the Ultimate Chocolate Chip Cookies*:
*Affiliate links!
.
Tessa replied: — October 23rd, 2013 @ 7:33 am?
Tessa replied: — October 23rd, 2013 @ 7:55 pm?
Tessa replied: — October 23rd, 2013 @ 7:58 pm.
?
Tessa replied: — October 29th, 2013 @ 3:50 pm!
Tessa replied: — November 5th, 2013 @ 2:29 pm.
Tessa replied: — November 5th, 2013 @ 5:51 pm!
Tessa replied: — November 10th, 2013 @ 7:04 pm!!
Tessa replied: — November 10th, 2013 @ 7:02 pm
I’m so excited you enjoyed the recipe. Good to know that coconut oil works! Thanks for your comment.
I made these last night and baked them off this morning. They are beyond good! So soft, but also chewy. YUM
Tessa,
Tessa replied: — November 22nd, 2013 @ 8:26 pm
Tessa replied: — January 3rd, 2014 @ 9:16 am,
Tessa replied: — February 25th, 2014 @ 10:01 pm?
Tessa replied: — March 16th, 2014 @ 10:04 am?
Tessa replied: — March 16th, 2014 @ 10:06 am.
Tessa replied: — March 17th, 2014 @ 4:58 pm
Tessa replied: — March 23rd, 2014 @ 9:13 am!
Tessa replied: — March 27th, 2014 @ 2:03 pm.
Tessa replied: — March 31st, 2014 @ 11:17 am
Tessa replied: — April 6th, 2014 @ 4:52 pm.
Tessa replied: — April 10th, 2014 @ 10:16 pm
Yay! Thanks for sharing your experience
?
Tessa replied: — May 19th, 2014 @ 8:22 am
YAY!!! Love this comment
And yes, I went to culinary school.
Hi Tessa! can i use all purpose flour for the bread flour
Tessa replied: — May 19th, 2014 @ 8:22 am ????
Tessa replied: — May 24th, 2014 @ 1:55 pm.
Thanks!
Tessa replied: — June 10th, 2014 @ 3:33 pm
Haha thank you!!
O.M.Gee! These are the best chocolate chip cookies I have ever tasted. I made the dough yesterday to let it refrigerate overnight. I made the cookies today. These are amazing! Thank You!
Tessa replied: — June 10th, 2014 @ 3:28 pm
Thank you for your sweet comment! I’m ecstatic you love the recipe
What would you change for a high altitude version, I am at about 5000 feet above sea level. Thanks! Can not wait to try these!!
Tessa replied: — June 10th, 2014 @ 3:26 pm.
Tessa replied: — June 16th, 2014 @ 3:22 pm!
Tessa replied: — June 23rd, 2014 @ 8:14 pm
Thanks!! I think you should be fine just adding them directly in without altering the recipe
!
Tessa replied: — June 26th, 2014 @ 1:09 pm.
Tessa replied: — July 20th, 2014 @ 1:05 pm
Tessa replied: — August 7th, 2014 @ 10:10 pm
Thank you so much for leaving such a sweet comment – I’m thrilled you enjoyed the recipe. I love brown butter and actually recently published a twist on this recipe with brown butter here:
I would love to add/incorporate peanut butter to this recipe, any suggestions?
Thanks
Best cookied ever! Thanks so much for sharing. Have you ever made these cookies into ice cream sandwiches? Do you know if they freeze well? I’d assume with the softer texture they’d be perfect, but would love your thoughts.
Tessa replied: — August 14th, 2014 @ 7:44 am.
Tessa replied: — August 14th, 2014 @ 3:11 pm”.
Tessa replied: — August 20th, 2014 @ 10:57 am!
Tessa replied: — September 2nd, 2014 @ 1:49 pm
Thank you so much! I’m thrilled to hear you love the recipe.
Hello, I am from Brazil and we don’t have all the flour variatons you have in the USA. So, how can I substitute the bread flour? Thanks! :*
Tessa replied: — September 5th, 2014 @ 9:07 am.
Tessa replied: — September 5th, 2014 @ 9:06 am?
Tessa replied: — September 5th, 2014 @ 9:01 am
.
I’m upset about it
What happened to my ultimate cookies? They turned out tasting buttery, pluffy, and no flavor? I waited 24 hours D:
Tessa replied: — September 7th, 2014 @ 9:56 pm!
Tessa replied: — September 8th, 2014 @ 3:44 pm
Good luck with your future cookie baking April!
Why the bread flour?????
Grace
Tessa replied: — September 10th, 2014 @ 11:38 am
Please read the post and the previous comments, “This recipe utilizes half bread flour which lends chewiness to the cookies.”
Can the dough be rolled into balls and freeze? So can make them whenever needed?
Tessa replied: — September 14th, 2014 @ 4:30 pm:)
Tessa replied: — September 14th, 2014 @ 4:29 pm
I always use unbleached when possible!
Tessa replied: — September 19th, 2014 @ 1:35 pm
Tessa replied: — September 19th, 2014 @ 1:29 pm?
Tessa replied: — September 21st, 2014 @ 2:50 pm!!!
Tessa replied: — September 22nd, 2014 @ 7:55 pm
Hi Kelly – there are a number of things that can be contributing to your flat crispy cookies and all of them are detailed fully in this post which I think you’ll love:
How about walnuts? I love walnute
Tessa replied: — September 26th, 2014 @ 8:30 am
Tessa replied: — September 29th, 2014 @ 5:19 pm
Tessa replied: — October 15th, 2014 @ 3:40 pm
.
Tessa replied: — November 8th, 2014 @ 3:00 pm …
Tessa replied: — November 23rd, 2014 @ 9:14 pm!!
Thank you for all of your wonderful tips and recipes! I really enjoyed them and learned a great deal by reading your posts!
.
Tessa replied: — December 15th, 2014 @ 12:30 pm
What an incredible comment Danielle! Thank you SO much I am so thrilled you love the recipe.
Tessa replied: — December 20th, 2014 @ 4:52 pm!!!
Tessa replied: — December 20th, 2014 @ 4:49 pm
Tessa replied: — December 20th, 2014 @ 4:37 pm.
.
Tessa replied: — February 23rd, 2015 @ 3:00 pm)
Tessa replied: — March 1st, 2015 @ 1:54 pm??
Tessa replied: — April 2nd, 2015 @ 12:02 pm
(Is it ok to use light brown sugar and I use organic strong bread flour – only one I could find and I use real vanilla essence)
PS love your blog
x
Tessa replied: — April 21st, 2015 @ 2:06 pm
Hi! Unfortunately only you know what you did differently from the first time you made these cookies! It could be that they chilled longer or that you used different ingredients. Dark brown sugar will give you a more butterscotch/caramel flavor though
.
Tessa replied: — May 5th, 2015 @ 1:11 pm
This should help you out:Bar Code Equipment › ID Badge Lanyard › Brady ID Badge Lanyard › Brady Lanyards › Brady 2135-3117
Maroon Round Standard Lanyard with Nickel Plated Steel Split Ring. Most Economical Lanyard. 1/8" (3 mm) Round, 36" (914) Cut Length Prior to Assembley. Comes with a Crimp Finishing Option. Quantity of 100.
Add to cart to view shipping costs
Badge lanyards for ID cards, visitor passes and other access materials.
Manufacturer part number: 2135-3117Che
Sumatran tigers live about 12 years in the wild and up to 20 years in captivity. The subspecies is critically endangered with less than 400 still living in the wild.Full Answer >
Cheetahs do not live in rainforests or wetlands. The cheetah, which is the fastest land animal in the world, is typically found on the savannas of sub-Saharan Africa, though there have been reports of approximately 200 cheetahs living in Iran, as of 2014.Full Answer >
Male cheetahs may live alone or in small groups, usually with their litter mates; adult females tend to live with their cubs for up to two years. Otherwise, adult females live alone and are less social than males.Full Answer >
The cheetah lives in preserves in southern and eastern Africa, and in parts of Algeria, Niger and Iran. Its habitat consists primarily of grasslands and savannas, where it can easily chase its prey.Full Answer >Friday the 13th is supposed to be an unlucky day, but it turned out to be a great day for me when about 10 a.m. I encountered a parade of beautiful red Cal Fire trucks headed into the Auburn fairgrounds parking lot. It was such a high to see all these firefighting heroes who work to preserve the safety of our beautiful foothill communities. I rolled down my window and waved as they all rolled by. Our area has a very high fire danger. Please be careful this summer and help prevent fires. A big thank you to all who serve. We can all do our part. CAROL WALLGREN, AuburnSalesforce.com Tel Aviv Kicks off 2013 in a New Location
In late December, saleforce.com employees in Israel moved into Kardan Tower, a high-rise in the heart of Tel Aviv. The company now has an entire floor to itself, not to mention a speedier network connection and well-stocked kitchen. We caught up with Noga Perry, VP of Research and Development, who gave us an inside scoop on the excitement the new office is generating.
How have employees reacted to the new space?
“The first thing that they did when we moved in was connect to the network and were happy to find out that they are on the Salesforce network. Before, we had to log on to the network through a virtual private network (VPN), which was very inconvenient and slowed us down. We also have a great kitchen with all the goodies, but also with a lot of healthy food. Since we’re in a relatively new business area, there aren’t many dine-in options nearby, so we order take away for lunch and sit together in the kitchen area. It’s actually very nice and very social.”
What teams work out of the Tel Aviv office?
“The DRO (Data Residency Option) team, the team for BlueTail (an Israeli startup acquired by salesforce.com), and we also have business development here.”
Anything else we
should know about the new address?
“There’s a Ferrari dealership on the first floor with a couple of nice red cars on display. The employees – mainly the men – like to stand there and watch.”
More space = more #dreamjob opportunities! Salesforce.com Tel Aviv is hiring for its DRO (Data Residency Option) team. Learn more and apply here.- Dood eind (4 pics) ... Laura
- Slaughter Night (43 pics) ... Kristel Lodema
- Vuurzee (1 pics) ... Kim van Megen
Victoria Koblenko (Ukrainian: Вікторія Кобленко; Russian: Виктория Кобленко) (born 19 December 1980, in Vinnitsa, Soviet Union) is a Dutch actress, presenter and columnist of Ukrainian descent.
Posted by brian 1 year ago
Posted by Joe 1 year ago
Posted by greg fischer 1 year ago
Posted by Michael Wren 1 year agoThis is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited. via an intercellular communication system. Acupuncture at specific points enhances the flow of the signaling molecules through this communication system... via an intercellular communication system, and, acupuncture at specific points enhances this communication system..
NO has been the most widely studied signaling molecule for more than a decade. It regulates blood pressure, contributes to the immune responses, controls neurotransmission and participates in cell differentiation and in many more physiological functions [8].
Nitric oxide (NO) the diffusible, signaling gas,. [48], so it seems that not only the Chinese have noticed this biological net. ].Taos Pueblo is celebrating its annual feast day on Sunday and Monday in honor of its patron saint, St. Jerome (San Geronimo) with a celebration that is open to the public.
In preparation, the pueblo is closed today and Saturday. It reopens at 1 p.m. on Sunday.
The celebration begins at 5 p.m. on Sunday with vespers in the San Geronimo Chapel, followed by a traditional foot racing dance.
Festivities continue Monday with a sunrise Mass at San Geronimo chapel, followed by footraces, a pole climb around 4 p.m., and other traditional activities throughout the day.
Pueblo artisans as well as American Indian artists from throughout the Southwest will sell handmade crafts and art at the event. Visitors can also buy Indian tacos, fry bread and other traditional foods. Because this is a ceremonial event, cellphones and cameras or other recording devices are strictly prohibited.
For more information, see taospueblo.com or call 575-758-1028.O’Malley 2016? Some Voters Say They Support A Run For White House
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — New Hampshire voters are asked if they have made up their minds on the 2016 presidential election, and some say they would consider voting for Governor Martin O’Malley.
But as political reporter Pat Warren explains, he would have some distance to cover.
Many are tested, but who will run?
Governor O’Malley is showing up in polls around the nation, the latest in New Hampshire–where the first primary is held. Among Democrats, the University of New Hampshire Survey Center reports Hillary Clinton with an 80 percent favorability rating this far out of 2016, Joe Biden with 51 percent.
In what many consider the lower tier candidates, Governor O’Malley polls at 3 percent. This all with 82 percent of the New Hampshire voters undecided.
About 25 percent of Maryland voters surveyed in a recent Gonzales Poll say he should run, and observers say why not?
“His profile’s been very high, he’s taken on the major issues. He’s supported the incumbent president,” said political analyst Richard Vatz.
“There is more that unites us than divides us,” O’Malley said.
In fact, Maryland Republicans were convinced by last month’s State of the State address that the governor is already running for president.
“He’s obviously auditioning to become president,” said Sen. Nancy Jacobs.
“Everything seems to be on a national checklist. We’re going to be dealing with this long before he moves onto the campaign trail in 2016,” said Sen. E.J. Pipkin.
O’Malley says his position is to focus on the present rather than the presidency, and the best approach to any potential future candidacy is to govern well.
Governor O’Malley’s term ends in 2014.Martha's recipe calls for ginger ale as the mixer (delicious!). I don't drink much soda of any sort - it's just too sweet for me, so I did a second batch with sparkling water as the mixer- great for those of you avoiding soft drinks. For some it might make sense to keep the components separate (instead of combining everything in one pitcher - making it easy to mix each drink to order. This way each person can control their own level of flavor/sweetness. Martha also includes a side bar of helpful notes related to this recipe - berries can be pulsed briefly in a food processor and strained. Be careful not to crush the seeds, as this adds a dirty taste to the blackberries. You can freeze blackberries in ice cubes for a nice accessory to the drink. The sugar syrup can be transferred to a metal mixing bowl set in a bowl of ice to cool it down quickly. For a wonderful frozen cocktail, puree ice and a jigger of gin with the blackberry-lime mixture in a blender.
4 cups fresh blackberries, or unsweetened frozen blackberries, thawed, plus extra for garnish
1 cup turbinado sugar, natural cane sugar, or grated palm sugar
1 kaffir lime leaf, crushed, or 1 tablespoon grated lime zest
1 green cardamom pod, lightly crushed
1/2 cup fresh Key lime juice (about 8 -12 limes)
Thin lime slices, for garnish
2 cups ginger ale (hs note: or sparkling water)
Ice cubes
Lay a doubled piece of cheesecloth on a nonporous work area. (As the berries will stain a wide array of cutting surfaces and clothes, this may be best done outside or over newspaper and wearing an apron or smock.) Place the blackberries on top of the cheesecloth and gather into a bundle like a hobo sack. Hold the sack of berries over a glass, stainless steel, plastic, or ceramic bowl. Twist the top of the sack to squeeze the juice from the berries into the receptacle. (This will yield about 1 cup very strong, tart, dark juice.) Refrigerate the juice until needed; discard the purple mash.
In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, 1 cup water, the lime leaf, and the cardamom pod. bring to a boil. Simmer over low heat for 10 minutes, or until the mixture is reduced to a thin syrup. Remove the lime leaf and cardamom. Allow the sugar syrup to cool and then chill it.
In a 1-quart pitcher, combine the blackberry juice, sugar syrup, and lime juice. Stir to combine and then refrigerate until cold.
To serve, stir the ginger ale (or water) into the pitcher, fill glasses with ice, and pour in the blackberry limeade. Garnish with slices of lime.
Serves 8.
Excerpted with permission from Screen Doors and Sweet Tea by Martha Hall Foose (Clarkson Potter, a division of Random House, Inc. 2008)
101 CookbooksMen and women
Most Viking.
Women baked bread. They did spinning and weaving to turn sheep wool into cloth. They looked after the children, made the family's clothes and cooked the two meals a day most families ate. On the farm, women milked the cows and made cheese.
Children
Babies were given little Thor's-hammer charms, to protect them from evil spirits and sickness. A boy usually took his father's name too - so Eric, son of Karl, became Eric Karlsson. Girls often took the same name as their mother or grandmother.
Viking children did not go to school. They helped their parents at work, and learned Viking history, religion and law from spoken stories and songs, not from books. By 15 or 16 they were adult. It was common for a girl's father to choose her husband.
Roving and trading
A young Viking man might go off on a trading voyage, or become a raider. He hoped to come home rich so he could buy a farm. Vikings met at markets, like the markets at Hedeby in Denmark and Jorvik in England. They traded by exchanging goods (a wolf skin for a pair of shoes, perhaps) but also used gold and silver coins. Traders valued coins by weight, and carried small folding scales to weigh a customer's coins.
Slaves
Not everyone was free to come and go as he or she liked. Some people were slaves or 'thr.
Toys and Pastimes
Viking men enjoyed swimming, wrestling and horse racing. In winter, people skated on frozen rivers, and used skis over the snow. A favourite board game was hnefatafl ('king's table'). Players moved pieces around a board, like in draughts or chess. There were lots of versions of this game.
Most children's toys were home-made - whistles made from leg bones of geese, for instance. Children had wooden dolls, played football, and sailed model boats. Pig bones found at Viking sites might be toy 'hummers' - the bones were threaded on a twisted cord which you pulled to make a humming noise.Print this Finding Aid | Email this Finding Aid.
No restrictions on use, except: not available through interlibrary loan..
Processed initially processed by Leticia Neal, December 2004 and revised by Daniel Davis, January 2011
Donated by Gary Smith and his mother Lillian Smith
Coll MSS 132
^ Return to Top
Includes winter views, hiking, White Pine Lake, Gibson Lake, John and Judy Weaver, Gary Smith, Tony Grove, Mt. Naomi, Tom and Max Lyon, High Creek Lake, skiing, Cottonwood Creek, Jim Taggart, Mt. Elmer, fishing, and camping..
Includes Wellsville Tabernacle, parades, Santa, and Halloween.
Includes Sue Basset and camping.
Includes Double O Arch and Wayne Petty.
Ruth Frear, Grace Lichstenstein, Willow Canyon, Broken Bow Arch, Kathy Fletcher, John McComb, Chuck Williams, Four Corners Power Plant.
June Viavont, Concert Hall Spring, Victor Charmichael, Reel Trailpoint, Doug Treadway, Steve Riley, Cliff Casperson, Jim Conklin, Canyonlands National Park sign, rescue training?, B and W copies of historical photos.
Horseshoe Canyon, Mike McAllister, grainery, Karl Von Berg..
Oljato Trading Post, Shiprock
Victor Carmichael, Millard Canyon, Cleopatra's Chair, Flint Trail blasting, Ralph Herrick, Teapot Rock, Golden Stairs, Pearl Wilcox, Ann Buelter, Wolverton Cabin
Newspaper Rock, Spirals near Comb Ridge, Kokopil.
Helicopter, pottery, Utah Rock Art, Great Gallery, Blue-eyed Princess, Spur Canyon, pictographs..
The Flying Undertaker, working on Red Baron planes, planes flying, WWII airplanes, Aircraft Cylinder and Turbine Inc. Sun Valley, Cal., Red Baron hanger, air shows, Red Baron pilots.
The Flying Undertaker, working on Red Baron planes, planes flying, WWII airplanes, Red Baron hanger, Red Baron racing team truck, Red Baron pilots.
Logging operations, balloon lossing, geological features, Don Younker, flora and fauna, Klamath River, Sherry Schubert, Rich Howard, kayaking, Paul Hines.
Orienteering, 1972, San Francisco-Mission district, Multiple Scelerosis rehab and training..
Exhibits for the Museum of Northern Arizona, Oak Creek Canyon, Grand Canyon, Gerome, AZ, ancient puebloan ruins, Havesu Falls, Old Oraibi, Montezuma Castle, Marcella Kahe, Tuzigoot.
Reseeding, Loren Williams, strip mine, smog from power plant, oil drillers.
Keet Seel, Betatakin ruins, Martin Beck.
Richard Howard, Mt. Shasta Hut, Sherry Schubert, Skip Jones, Mt. Shasta Cabin, Los Angeles Smog, old forest fire - San Gabriel Mtns., ocean views, Mount Shasta Hostel, Lynell Schalk.
Sun Dial at Sun Temple, Jim Conklin, Central City, Emmanuel Oddoye, Tom Baker, Square Tower Ruin, Spruce Tree House, Sun Watcher's Platform..
Basque dancers, Al Erquiaga, Boise Basque Festival parade, Mrs. Ron Sabala, Oinkarri Dancers, Father Ramon Echeverria, Jose Ezcurra, Ramon Lastiri.
Fred Smith, Cathedral Rock, Mt. McGuire, Falls from Ship Island Lake, Mt. Hyndman, Harbor Lakes, Bighorn Crags.
Native American beadwork, LaSalle Pocatello, Luella Pocatello, Brenda and Glennis Evening, Belma Truchet Colter family, dancers.
Native American beadwork, John Reisenger, wedding, Harold Carson, Sharon Smith, Fred Smith, Rich Howard, Ann Richards, family of Gary Smith, Garden Creek Gap, Bill Gilson, Haystack Mtn..
Exhibits, great kiva, Keet Seel, Betatakin.
Kiva at Kin Kletso ruin, Pueblo Bonita, Taos Pueblo.
Church service, pottery, wedding.
Rock art, wedding..
Old Faithful, Yellowstone Falls, Tower Falls.
Boating trip on Lake Michigan.
Jo Booser, Robert Is Here fruit stand.
Windmill.
Colonial Williamsburg, Cape Hatteras, Gorman Raby, Jamestown..
Chinese Opera, National Palace Museum, Grand Hotel, Wu Lai, K.C. Huan, Confucius Shrine, Gree lake, National Martyr's Shrine, New Day Theater - Taipei, Len Wha Kuo.
Tewa Pueblo, Frank Waters
Brother Juniper, Helen Sturgis, stone altar, Hat Rock Valley Retreat Center, chalice saved from fire, St. Mary of the Moonlight,
Dog show, Pat Gurney - Central City, CO, on the beach, Rock Art
Hunting scenes.
Tex McClatchy, Millie McClatchy, Steve Fleishman, Grand Junction airplane crash, Richard Howard, Terry Yamada, gunshooting..
Warnick Home? Wendy Warnick, Don and Lou (Llew?) Warnick, Corinne Puccar.
Corinne Puccar, Ricardo Irvine.
Bannock beadwork, Bear Ladder ruin, rock art near San Rafael Swell, Bird Site, Ranger Lynell Schalk, Navajo National Monument, Fred Blackburn, Marilyn McIlroney, Red Baron planes, RB-104.
Old bridges at Golden Spike, Golden Spike ceremony.
Windsinger images.
flame throwers, kittens, drilling, Harrier jet, eating, gas training
drilling, Green Gable Antiques, exhibits, Harrier airplane, Vietnamese village Quantico, ceremonies, Mary Graydon Center, class-room scenes, beach landing
drilling, Mortar, gas and tank training, Gary Smith in uniform, class-room scenes, Harrier airplane,
weapons training, hand-to-hand combat, drilling, obstacle course, helicopters.
presentations/Ceremonies, female armed services members
aircraft carriers, beach landing, and hellicopters.
Bear River Range, Logan LDS Temple, boys swimming, Husky Oil Station, Utah State University, kayaking, falconry, Abbey of our Lady of the Holy Trinity, concert, lecture, Gary Smith home.
Gary Smith in recording studio, Cutler Marsh, rodeo, kayaking, Native-American dancing, Black couple outside of Logan LDS Temple
rock climbing, concert, downhill skiing, Beaver Mountain Lodge, Cutler Marsh, family scenes, falconry.
Basque festival, parade, demonstrations, dancing
farm scenes, chariot racing, falconry, rodeo.
Sawtooth Wilderness Area, Red Fish Lake, on a boat, climbing, exhibits, aerial views.
Native-American beadwork, textiles, clothing, flutes, and dancing, Wellsville Tabernacle.
theater, swimming, dancers.
dancers, ceremonies, football game, military drilling, military personnel, swimming, girls in bikinis, on the beach.
military maneuvers, rock concert, girls in bikinis, military personnel
bull fighting, children, pottery
Woman with horses in an unknown location
Protest in Washinton D.C., children playing in a park
duck decoys, on a farm, African-Americans in a church, training in the woods.
black children, university legal services, in prison, at a laundromat
street scenes
art exhibit with African-American artist
drilling, on the beach, with children, Harrier aircraft, OCS MCB C Company - 2nd Platoon - April 1969.
Street scenes, Gary Smith playing a guitar, parade/celebration, agriculture, playing piano.
boats, agriculture
Gary Smith with an exhibit about the history of The Basic School (TBS)
"Members of the 3rd Marine Division Drum and Bugle Corps entertain the children of Hama-Higa Island during their annual Christmas party given by 3rd FSR's Maintenance Battalion." December 18, 1971
Architecture, construction of an apartment complex, National Palace Museum of Taipei
Glen Canyon, Lake Powell, south of Hite Crossing. Pueblo's, Chaco Canyon, Ancient Puebloan Ruins, Father Liebler, Joan Liebler, Brother Juniper, St. Mary of the Moonlight, Oljeto
Glen Canyon, Lake Powell, south of Hite Crossing. St. Mary of the Moonlight, Oljeto. Ancient Puebloan Ruins.
Cataract Canyon and area north of Hite Crossing. Kayaking, rafting, camping, rock art, airplanes, Ancient Puebloan Ruins.
Cataract Canyon and area north of Hite Crossing. Calf branding, skiing, "Canyon King" boat, oil-field workers, aerial views, rafting, camping, rock art, Ancient Puebloan Ruins
Cataract Canyon and area north of Hite Crossing. Museum Exhibits, calf branding, hiking, rock art, Ancient Puebloan Ruins.
still life, Logan buildings, Silver City, Idaho ghost town
Silver City, Idaho ghost town, Golden Spike Ceremony
Father Liebler, Joan Liebler, Brother Juniper, and Helen Sturges
Windsinger publicity photos, Gary Smith with guitar
publicity images for Windsinger
Oinkari Basque dancers, Brian Alberg and Patricia Udall, LaSalle Pocatello, Frank Gridley, Taos Pueblo, Shangri-La Falls, Mount Heyburn, Idaho, Basque Sheepherders.
Dick Smith, Ron Warnick and family, Milt and Lillian Smith..
Gary Smith in a wheelchair with van
Nellie Atkins, Gorman Raby, Charley Atkins, Lem Ward
Orienteering north of San Francisco, San Francisco Mission District, Hunter's Point.
Orienteering north of San Francisco, Hunter's Point
Schreiber Cheese Factory, Logan, Utah
Cherry pitters, Garn Baum, Angela, Karen, Coly and Peggy Baum
Windsinger publicity photos, Red Baron press release, 1984 USU Bridger Award to Gary Smith from the USU College of Natural Resources
Frank Waters, Oinkari Basque dancers, Secretary of the Interior Cecil D. Andrus with trout after fly fishing in Idaho, 1977, LaSalle Pocatello, Milt and Lillian Smith
Dick Smith, Windsinger images
Robert Redford, Dan Rather (part of a 60 minutes documentary), Igor Oganesoff, Navajo Power Plant, ca. 1976.
LaSalle and Luella Pocatello, Gary Smith in "Old West" garb, Native American beadwork.
Sawtooth Mountains, camping, hiking, pack-horses
Gorman Raby and farm
Lem Ward and Duck decoys
Charley Atkins with women, in shop
Charley Atkins
artistic images of Iwo Jima, Gorman Raby
Poplar Place (in Moab)
Red Baron Flying Service, Idaho Falls: includes the RB-51 flown by Darryl Greenamyer, the RB-104, Crew Chief Randy Scoville, Ed Browning, and Mac McClain
Red Baron Flying Service, includes: the RB-51, Darryl Greenamyer, crew chief Randy Scoville, Ed Browning, and Mac McClain
Red Baron Flying Service, includes: the RB-51, Ed Browning and Mac McClain.
Red Baron Racing/Flying Service planes, mechanics, plane accident, and images of Ed Browning, Mac McClain, and Randy Scoville.
Including the RB-51, "The Flying Undertaker," Red Baron Flying Service hanger, and aerial images.
Red Baron pilots, mechanics, planes, man with a newspaper that reads, "History is being made today!"
Red Baron planes and pilots, RB-51, and "The Flying Undertaker."
Rolls Royce engine and a tool box
Red Baron planes
Red Baron Racing/Flying Service planes, pilots, mechanics, etc. Includes Ed Browning, Mac McClain, and Randy Scoville.
RB-51 plane and RB-51 in a Christmas card
artistic, minimalist versions of images, Kokopilau
Gary Smith with friends, Ron Warnick and family
outdoor portraiture, Georgetown park, 1970
Lillian, and outdoor portraiture
The Phallus - Arches National Park, Jeannette and Warren, San Rafeal Swell near Hanksville from plane, rafting, Corazon.
ancient puebloan ruins, excavation, Taos Pueblo, rock art, human remains, Holy Ghost and Family in Horseshoe Canyon, Pueblo Bonito - Chaco Canyon
Gary Smith with motion-picture camera, Bear River Range, eclipse, artistic shots, Jo Booser, Sam Alfend, Louise Wildeman, Ginny Nolan
outdoor scenery, climbing, images from plane, Dark Canyon
Shangri-La in Sawtooth Mountains, close-up images, Gary Smith in uniform, 1973.
artistic, collage
Red Baron planes in flighOkay, enough showing off my little cutie.
I know many of you have already celebrated your 100th day of school. Many of us in the north have not because we have had so much snow! Last year, I wanted to do something with my 4th graders that helped us to celebrate those days of school, but everything that I found was geared for lower elementary students.
Then I edited the product a bit and created it for the 100th day of school. We had the students dress like they were 100 years old, and we enjoyed 100 M&Ms while we worked on our activity together.
If you looking for an easy activity to do with your students to celebrate the 50th or 100th day of school, you can grab it here for free.
What do you do to celebrate the 50th or 100th day of school?
Being a Leader
The expectations I had about being a Backroads trip leader when I first applied for the position were far from reality. In the first place, I thought the job was about being a simple tour guide with a little activity, but what it is all about is much more than that.
I really have to say that my life changed since I got the job: yes, it is challenging, but it has given me so many rewards so far that I would not change it for anything else in the world. In a little more than six months I turned from a brilliant-but-unsatisfied-fresh graduate to a happy-and-(apparently)-talented-Backroads-leader! Backroads is a place in which what is really relevant is that you do what you do with joy, happiness, excitement and passion. And all of this turns into a great success in your job.
When I entered Backroads in March I didn’t have any background in the field of hospitality. I could never have imagined that in just five months I would have been the only one in my training block given a combined Trip Expert and Regional Support Specialist position (and one of the few Italians given a Trip Expert Position). In Italy, getting a promotion in a company in just a couple of months is considered science fiction; it is extremely rare (if not impossible) to happen without significant connections. I felt so privileged to have, instead, gotten a position of responsibility just for being who I am and for working hard. I owe a lot to this company. They trusted me from the very beginning, they listened to me, they read my mind, they understood me deeply and I will never thank enough Stacy Loucks, our European General Manager or Jeff Cantarutti, our Italy Regional Manager, or Matt Fletcher, our Hiring and Training Coordinator, or my training mentor, Tony Macri, for being able to see all the good I had to offer and pushing me just to make who I am rise up and shine. I see myself among all my Italian hometown acquaintances, university mates and long-time friends and I can really tell I am lucky; I escaped the neon-lighted room I was bound to work in if I had followed my field of studies as a computer science engineer. If I didn’t leave these tracks they would have led to a life that would not have suited me at all.
On the contrary, when I am out leading trips every day, when I go to bed, I acknowledge I lived something extraordinary and I close my eyes and sleep tight.
I like thinking of the life of a Backroads leader as of somebody who turns another person’s life into a dream, even for a little while, for the time during the trip.
I heard so many stories, while climbing up the hills of Tuscany as guests have shared their thoughts, their fears, their emotions, their astonishment for the beauty they were discovering and reaching with the sole help of their own legs and effort. I remember the moment when, by the end of my very first trip as a leader, Ellen and David, a lovely couple from the San Francisco Bay Area, shared with me their happiness for having David ride his bike again for the very first time after a really bad bike accident five years before. David’s eyes filled with tears and emotion when he hugged me. “Thank you,” he said, for supporting him during his journey through Tuscany and his own fears. That moment, by itself, that load of emotions, made up for all the long days of work the whole week.
Part of what makes Backroads trip leaders so special is the strength of their connections with their guests: helping them discover the beauty of a new country, helping them to the top of a big hill. Eating good food with them and being hosted in wonderful locations are relevant aspects of a great Backroads trip, but they are not what makes a Backroads experience the holiday of a lifetime. The key to an active trip with Backroads resides in the emotional bond between leader and guest. And I can really tell there is a strong one established on the last day of each the trip, when I say “arrivederci” to the guests. I see in their faces a bittersweet look–which is shared by me every single time–testifying that we are happy for what we lived together but we are sad about breaking the magic we created together.
Well…let’s just be honest. Sometimes that magic suddenly breaks: you find yourself riding your bike in the pouring rain, just because a couple of guests wanted to keep on riding despite the weather conditions. You blame yourself for choosing this job, with all your clothes soaking wet and a big hill you cannot even see the top of in front of you, because the rain keeps dripping in your eyes through your helmet.
This happened to me on my last trip of the season. The weather was not looking good and I decided to host my picnic indoors at Fattoria la Quercia. My co-leader, Michael (a.k.a. Habs) arrived with new guests from Florence and we commented, “It’s a shame we didn’t set up the picnic outdoors, it’s clearing up and it’s so nice outside!” Great timing for saying that. In ten minutes time, the strongest rainstorm I had ever seen in my life started. Everybody was sitting under an arcade and despite that a waterfall of cold rain was hitting all of us. So Habs, Katie (our van support driver), and I organized a very complex architecture with our tarps to keep splashes from interfering with our welcome talks.
Eventually, the moment of jumping on our bikes arrived. Only five brave guests out of a group of 24 wanted to challenge the weather and the Tuscan hills. I was supposed to ride with them. Of course, they were selected among all the Americans on the whole planet for being the fastest riders ever. “Alright, let’s do it! It’s day one, we have got to give a good impression of the company,” I said to myself while fighting against the growing pain in my legs. Then I realized that my two beloved colleagues were under the pouring rain, too, racking 19 bikes on top of our vans. Well…the famous co-leader love can take the shape of not feeling so alone!
As soon as we all got back to the hotel, Habs and I got into our room, dripping water, tired and cold. We shower–for no more than 10 minutes, this is the average leaders’ free time during trips–and, shiny and beautiful, we go to dinner. Finally, the day comes to an end. Habs and I, on the way to our room, high five: “Good job today!” And we meant it.
Most Backroads leaders are passionate about sports and the outdoors, but we’re even more passionate about people. That’s why we’re always there with our guests on their first long rides ever (sometimes on their very first legit rides too!) That’s why we don’t care if the sentences we hear most often are “my bike doesn’t shift,” “my odometer doesn’t work” or “my chain keeps falling off.” You know what? We will explain to our guests how to shift one thousand times, we will adjust their odometers and we will put the chains back on as many times as they wish, always with a smile on our face.
We are happy to be there for them, any time. To listen to a story, to tell a joke, to share with them the sense of achievement that comes right after a great challenge. Because–no matter the rain, the chains, the derailleur and the tough hills–we want to be the faces our guests will remember throughout the whole winter, we want to build memories together with them, we want to share with them the looks and the laugher of the trip of a lifetime.
At the moment, I see myself in this company for a long time: I would like to keep on growing within the company and have a career at Backroads. However, even if this doesn’t happen, I will always keep within me what this job taught me because it made me grow up as a professional. But, most importantly, I have grown as an individual. I learned how to approach and read guests, life and myself.
All the logistics, the ability to get confident with the famous KOA (knowledge of area), the quick-but-good-looking picnic, the hard skills and interpersonal skills are all competencies that can be shaped to fit any other job in any other field. But the priceless value that the job of a Backroads leader gives you stays within you forever: it is the joy of taking the best of every day, relishing every single moment, living fully without even feeling the need to cross the limits or go too far.
It is an experience I wish everybody could live.
- Nuts for Nutella - November 14, 2014
- 24 Hours in the Netherlands - August 19, 2014
- Spinning vs. Cycling - June 24, 2014
Ale, this is beautiful! You are such an inspiration and captured our Backroad lives so perfectly.
Thank you Laura, you are a sweetheart. I feel lucky for the live I can live thanks to this fulfilling – and sometimes hard too – job!
Hi there,
How do I apply? I am a writer, community facilitator and durable traveler. I would love to know how to become a part of this.
Best,
Jamie
Jamie, you’d make an incredible Trip Leader! Let me know if you decide to apply!
Hi Jamie. We’re currently hiring right now. You can find more info on our Leader Hiring page –
Thanks.
Ale was our leader for an absolutely AWESOME bike trip thru Tuscany! He is one of those rare individuals who is sincerely passionate about his job, and works hard to make sure everyone has fun. And he is a little crazy, which really helps!Mr. Steve Mills
Whitehill Junior School Hitchin, --
- 113Students
- 13Teacher Connections
- 74Library Items
- 3040Sharing Score
Are you sure you want to remove Mr. Steve Mills from your connections?
About Me
Teacher Badges - 7
Publisher Collaborator
Follow a publisher community
First Edmodo User at School
Be the first teacher at your school to join Edmodo
Verified Teacher
Verify your teacher account
Community Member
Follow a subject area community
Librarian
Achieve 100 views of content you have shared on Edmodo
Class Builder
Have at least 30 students join your groups
No suggestions found.3 nabbed for drugs, car theft
PAXINOS - A car reported stolen in Lehigh County was spotted at the Glosser Motor Inn here overnight Monday, and police soon after had three people in custody and had confiscated 71 bags of suspected heroin, plus other drugs.
Jordan Detalente, 18, of 80 Reservoir St., Bloomsburg, faces a number of drug-related charges, while the man police identified as her boyfriend, Allen Mikael Varilek, 21, and Justice Devlin Hoffman, 18, both of Slatington, are charged in connection with the car theft and a home burglary.
Ralpho Township Police said state police in Bethlehem had asked police in Columbia and Northumberland counties to be on the lookout for and several other items, and then taking the victim's car.
Arrest warrants were issued against the men, who are charged with burglary, conspiracy to commit burglary, theft, receiving stolen property and criminal mischief.
The victim was not home at the time of the incident, and a total value of stolen property has not been determined.
No incident at motel
At approximately 12:35 a.m. Monday, Ralpho Township Patrolman Christopher Grow was performing a routine patrol in the area of Glosser Motor Inn, Route 487, when he spotted the vehicle in the parking lot.
After Grow called for assistance, police took Detalente, Varilek and Hoffman into custody without incident.
A search warrant was obtained for the room where the three defendants were found. Police said they confiscated 71 blue bags of suspected heroin, four grams of suspected marijuana, approximately eight grams of suspected cocaine, approximately a gram of suspected ecstasy, needles, currency and other various drug paraphernalia.
Bailed on $100,000
Detalente was arraigned before Magisterial District Judge Hugh Jones, Mount Carmel, and committed to Northumberland County Prison on $100,000 cash bail. She was charged with two counts of possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, four counts of possession of a controlled substance a count of conspiracy and a count of possession of drug paraphernalia.
Charges in Northumberland County against Detalente and Varilek are pending, but they were committed to Northumberland County Prison, police said.
Johnson said the plan is to arraign the two men on theft charges via videoconference from the Slatington office of Lehigh County Magisterial District Judge Rodney R. Beck, but a staff member at the judge's office said the arraignment had not taken place as of Monday afternoon.
All three remained in prison in Northumberland County Monday afternoon.
Assisting Ralpho Township Police were Northumberland-Montour Drug Task Force and officers from Shamokin, Coal Township, Mount Carmel Township and state police in Stonington.
A man who identified himself as a manager of Glosser Motor Inn did not want to comment.Life Alert March 1st, 2011 … Continue Reading »
No Limits, Hindrance Or Not October 20th, 2010
Now that I’m dead, I want to tell you a few things.
The first and foremost significant mindset is that you must live as if tomorrow were your last day to live. You never know when your last breath may come. If you were diagnosed with terminal cancer, your paradigm and sudden urgency to really enjoy a few last moments … Continue Reading »
Your Support »
Abusive Past / Kidnapped Son Se »
To My Seventeen-Year-Old Self, Who Is About To Leave School … Continue Reading »
And To My Little Brother August 31st, 2010 … Continue Reading »
Fantasmagorie: Photographs That Fade In Smoke August 30th, 2010 … Continue Reading »
Where To Be August 26th, 2010 … Continue Reading »
Now that I’m dead, I want to tell you a few things.
Dear You,
No one knows when they become an adult. That’s because there is no obvious sign. You won’t find a magic door and walk through it and get a T-shirt or a special glow around your head. You won’t step across some mysterious line and discover you … Continue Reading »
Now that I’m dead, I want to tell you a few things.
I know it’s hard to be twenty-four. I remember. Harder now, maybe, than when I was then. It seems like adolescence is prolonged more and more all the time.
When we talked — when I was alive — you often expressed confusion to me about who you are. … Continue Reading »Skirt with waist peplum made from Thrift and Vintage T-shirts redesigned. Each skirt skirt.
WARNING: Please see Sizing, color, theme, quality page for important details about this garment before ordering.
Photo #1, #3
Photographer:
Wardrobe Stylist: Shannon Campbell
Make up: Lorri Mitchell
Hair: Luis Solis
Models: Christie Rounds
Photo #2: Bruce Kelley
Model: Karen Malick
Hair: Urban Hair
Makeup: Pucci
Eco-friendly, sustainable, one-of-a-kind fashion "upcycled" from "thrifted" and scavenged T-shirtsWhite Light Festival 2010.11.09 - Featuring Kjartan Sveinsson + Jónsi & Alex
~ NEW! Final Version (stunning quality)- 23.11.2010
Absolutely stunning final version enjoying the benefits of having had some post concert mixing & mastering from the wonderful people @ WXQR Radio This is without exception the best live recording I have heard for a long time. Its clear they spent a lot of time and expertise on this incredible night of World Première's.
Archive Mastered Version: (All of this will eventually be re-uploaded to Victoryroselossless)
Kjartan Sveinsson - Cage A Swallow Can't you, But You Can't Swallow A Cage - World Permiére
Kjartan Sveinsson - Credo (I Believe) - World Permiére
Jónsi & Alex - Riceboy Sleeps Live - World Permiére
[MF]
~ Cage A Swallow FLAC
~ Credo FLAC
~ Riceboy -
~ Riceboy - Torrent (thanks Adam)
NB: The Riceboy Sleeps Mp3 is one track but the Flac version has the tracks split
Webcast:
(complete but not as good quality as the above)
Set List:
1. Preamble with John Schaefer
2. 'In Hyrdraulis' - The Hilliard Assembly
3. 'Cage A Swallow Can't You, But You Can't Swallow A Cage (World Première) - Kjartan Sveinsson
4. 'Credo (I Believe) (World Premiére) - Kjartan Sveinsson
5. Interview with Conductor Jeffery Milarsky
6. Interview with Jónsi & Alex
7. Selections from 'Riceboy Sleeps' (World Première) - Jónsi & Alex
27 comments:
Just wanted to let you know that your work is SO appreciated. I'm really glad and grateful to have these - especially the Jonsi and Alex. Thanks!!
i wonder when the official recording will be available in the "q2" website
So many thank yous for this. I'm so glad to hear what's become of this.
Nathan
it is available to stream this record from the web. but i wonder, is the quality of the sound is better than you have posted here? What do others think ?
You'll find this latest post exceptional. The 1st post was off a stream, the quality which was adequate at best. In general though, you never need be concerned with quality here... (I'll always let you know the quality) There are some advantages in being a sound engineer! but by all means try for yourself and let us know your thoughts :)
Thank you so much for this!
In the "Archive Mastered Version" the link to "Credo FLAC" is the same as "[MF] Download MP3"
Basically the Credo FLAC download is missing..
Heavenly!
Sorry Tristan, Credo FLAC is now...Credo FLAC :)
Thanks for letting me know
Strangely enough, the official show program seems to get the order of the Riceboy Sleeps performance wrong:
It should be:
Sleeping Giant
Happiness
Indian Summer
Daniell in the Sea
Atlas Song
Boy 1904
I'm a geek :)
I am currently having troubles with downloading the Part 2 of the J&A set. Mediafire is 'processing my download request' and won't let me go any further. I've tried it on 2 different browsers, so I'll try again tomorrow and see if it works.
Same for me Amanda, sometimes the servers a particular file gets uploaded to go down for a while, its not un-common. If no joy by tonight I'll upload a fresh one. Thanks for letting me know :)
Is there any other way to download through torrent?
I'm not a Demonoid member, so registration is open only to invitation codes.
Cheers
Guimo, the torrent is the same file as the riceboy mp3 above :)
The files are gone!
Any other place to download these masterworks?
Same with the other anon, the files are gone. I've looked everywhere to find the tracks and all the tracks come back here. Please, please reupload
sorry folks - everything is being re-uploaded to the victoryroselossless site
This site is now inactive. I will upload these for you though x
the part 1 and the part 2 of the MF links are the same!
(sorry for my sucking english) and thx!!
Sorry about that
Links updated - Flac & MP3! :D
Just a note- parts 1 and 2 for the Riceboy Sleeps Flac appear to be the same.
Links fixed for flac riceboy...soPAWTUCKET — While music and theater were the respective passions of graduating seniors Noelle Cabana and Daphne Homen, these artistic pursuits also helped them to carve out ambitious career paths as they head off to college in the fall.
When the Jacqueline M. Walsh School for the Performing and Visual Arts holds its commencement exercises on June 14, Cabana will be serving as valedictorian and Homen as salutatorian.
The two young women earned the grades to represent their class of 17 at the city's only arts high school. The school moved last fall out of the Pawtucket Armory and into shared space at the Jenks Junior High School complex, where the lower grades now act as a feeder school for the arts high school.
Cabana, the daughter of Tobias and Jennifer Cabana, studied music during her four years at JMW. While singing is still important to her, she acknowledges that “music is a risky business.” As such, she plans to add early childhood education studies to her music major when she heads off the University of Vermont in September. “I also enjoy children and psychology, and I think I might like working with kids as well,” she said.
Homen, the daughter of Jeffrey and Eileen Homen, said that by taking part in theater where she had to analyze and “get into the minds” of a play's characters has sparked an interest in neuroscience. “I found my love for sciences through theater,” said Homen. She said she took a course at the Community College of Rhode Island in biology and found the whole area of neuroscience “fascinating.”
“I want to go into artificial intelligence,” Homen said. To that end, she plans to major in neuroscience and minor in computer science at Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia.
Both Cabana and Homen credit the small class sizes and personal relationships they have developed with their teachers as being key ingredients behind their academic success. Cabana has been at JMW since freshman year, but Homen spent her first year of high school at Tolman High School after attending private schools.
Homen said she found Tolman's large size to be a bit challenging, and a male friend who was attending JMW at the time told her she might like it better, so she transferred. “I came here with my purple hair and all,” she joked. The friend ended up leaving JMW, but she stayed and has been happy with her choice. “I worry that I might have gotten lost at Tolman,” she said.
“Here, the teachers push you more because they know you,” Cabana said. Homen agreed, saying that while her teachers at Tolman also made an effort to get to know their students, the sheer numbers make it more difficult to have that personal approach.
Among Cabana's many school-related activities, there is one that she says she enjoys the most: debate club. She went to state championships in her sophomore, junior and senior year, and she served this year as team captain. “It was my pride and joy,” she said., of the debate club. “I guess I like it because I love to talk.”
Cabana's other school activities include serving as president of the freshman class, vice president of the sophomore class and treasurer of the junior class. A member of the National Honor Society, she was also part of the Tri-M Music Honor Society and president and co-creator of JMW's first Gay-Straight Alliance.
Throughout her junior year, Cabana also spent time performing with friends in a rock band called Taking Spain. The band played in local music clubs in and around the Providence area. “I got to step out of my shoes as valedictorian and do something different. It was fun,” she stated.
Homen, also a National Honor Society member, participated in JMW's Robotics Club and Photography Club, where she was president, and served as student council treasurer.
Homen's outside activities include fencing, where she competes through the Rhode Island Fencing Academy and Club in Warren and is on the club's national team. She also plays the Irish fiddle and performs in a traveling theater troupe.
What spurs them on to such academic success? Cabana, always self-motivated, said she was partly influenced by her parents, who had her when they were young and who didn't have the chance to attend college themselves. “My parents always told me to do the best I could” she said. She added that, even when there were times of financial stress, “I think my grades helped the family feel better.”
Homen, also credits her parents with encouraging her to do well academically. Yet, she said that since around sophomore year, when she decided to really kick things into gear with her school work, she would be personally unhappy if she got a grade lower than an 85. “I would feel that I should have done better,” she said, and Cabana nodded in agreement.
Links:
[1] mailto:dkirwan@pawtuckettimes.com
[2] VAL CABANA SAL HOMEN .jpgChengdu Taste
Chengdu Taste has been one of the buzziest new restaurants in the San Gabriel Valley since its opening, with lines out the door at all hours. It got even more popular after being reviewed by Jonathan Gold.
After seeing my brother’s photos from his visit to Chengdu this summer and recommendations from friends, I decided to give it a try on my last visit to Los Angeles.
We went pretty early, arriving at 4:30 pm, and there was already a wait. Luckily for us, the wait wasn’t too bad. The restaurant also takes reservations, but even with a reservation there is usually a wait.
We noticed that almost every table had ordered a bottle of plum juice, so we did the same. Sour plum juice is an acquired taste. I personally enjoy it and we found that it did a better job than water at relieving the heat from some of the dishes.
Mung Bean Jelly Noodle with Chili Sauce
It was pretty interesting to see mung bean made into noodles. They are pretty soft, softer in texture than I enjoy, though I realize it is just the nature of this dish.
Toothpick Lamb with Cumin
This was a really fun dish to eat and one of my favorites. It’s also one of the restaurant’s most popular dishes. I imagine it probably wasn’t fun for the people putting the lamb onto the toothpicks.
Couple’s Sliced Beef in Chili Sauce
This dish was quite deceiving. It wasn’t peppered in chili peppers like some of our later dishes, but it was by far the spiciest of the night. We could barely eat it.
Braised Dongpo Pork
I was a little disappointed with this dish. The meat could have been braised longer.
Sliced Fish with Tofu Pudding in Hot Sauce
Tender fish fillet is mixed with very soft and silky tofu. I’ve had versions of this in San Diego, but without the hot sauce.
Red Tofu, Pig Intestine, Mix Vegetables, Beef, Tripe in Spicy Soup
This was a hodgepodge of ingredients. I thought it would be a great way to cover all our bases, but it was a pain to dig through the spicy soup.
We had a fairly good meal here, but I wouldn’t wait in the long lines. If you can get there early and you are in the neighborhood, it’s worth a try.
This was the crowd when we left.
Chengdu Taste
828 W Valley Blvd
Alhambra, CA 91803
Those crowds are cray! The food is good, but definitely not worth hours of waiting. There’s never a line at Lucky Noodle King!
Kirbie replied: — December 5th, 2013 @ 4:24 pm
mmm, I will keep Lucky Noodle King in mind!
Oh wow that’s a long line. I always find new places to go to in SGV b/c of your blog so thanks (the last one I think was the giant XLB).
The couples sliced beef would probably be my pick (is it also called husband/wife beef?). I’m going to LA next week so I’ll have to take mom here – hopefully the lines won’t be so long.
Kirbie replied: — December 5th, 2013 @ 4:24 pm
I usually love the husband/wife dish, but it was soooo spicy here! i recommend the lamb on toothpicks though. it’s one of their most popular dishes and so fun to eat.
Hi Kirbie – You know, we tried to go here twice in the last couple of weeks, but man, that line. All I gotta say is; it better be good. The Lucky Noodle King is a good suggestion for Sichuan. Shufeng is also a good one, but it’s not Chengdu Style
Kirbie replied: — December 10th, 2013 @ 12:42 pm
I didn’t think it was worth the line…It was pretty good but not worth waiting for. You could try making reservations?
The toothpick lamb looks like a fun dish! I spied lots of chili peppers in all the dishes though, I’d probably have to stray and eat more “weak” stuff haha. I want to just spend a week in SGV and eat my way through it.
Kirbie replied: — December 10th, 2013 @ 1:17 pm
A week isn’t enough! haha. Yeah there are a ton of chili peppers, but they can be deceiving. the ones with the most actually weren’t that spicy.... read more
Top-rated Attractions Nearby
Top-rated Restaurants NearbyLike a lot of Late Blooming Moms, I was established in the working world before I had my kids.
I thought briefly about becoming a stay-at-home mom when I found out I would be having twins, but I know myself well enough to know I'd go crazy if I didn't have at least some kind of professional existence outside of mom-and-wife-hood. I also knew my husband and I would need the money; where we live ain't cheap. So there wasn't really a choice to be made, short of moving to some small hamlet where housing is inexpensive, we wouldn't know anyone, and as confirmed city mice, we'd have trouble adjusting.
Even though I briefly considered this option -- and sometimes I still do, when I get a look at our monthly mortgage payment -- there are other reasons I stuck with the plan to go back to work. I'd had friends who'd been working women grapple with being at home with just one baby, only to find they longed for the validation of other adults, the mental challenge of interesting work, and the independence that comes from earning a paycheck. One mom complained to me that she'd go to a dinner party and as soon as she told the person making conversation with her that she was a stay-at-home mom, that person's eyes glazed over ... and then the person inevitably focused on her software-executive spouse, and ignored her the rest of the night. It was just assumed she had nothing worthwhile to say. Of course that was ridiculous, but she felt stigmatized, as a former professional (with an MBA to her name) now deemed not worth dinner table conversation.
I took a six-month leave of absence when my babies arrived, and surprisingly, I didn't go crazy. I felt fortunate to have time to get to know them -- and get some experience and confidence at mothering -- before I resumed work. And when I did, I was able to work three days from home, two at the office, which afforded me the chance, once the kids hit the nine-month-mark, to use lunch hour a couple of times a week to take them to music and gym classes, accompanied by a nanny who proved an invaluable help (though of course an added expense).
I had some guilt then about not being around for every diaper change, every bottle, every nap, every minute of the day when some developmental milestone might occur. But babies are extremely high-maintenance, and I gotta admit, I was also relieved at times not to be on duty at home all the time. About a year later, I shifted to working at home nearly all the time, save for a meeting every week or two back at the office. I missed my colleagues and the social interaction, but it sure made it easier to see more of the kids: I bid them goodbye when the nanny took them to the park, greeted them with hugs and kisses on their return, helped put them down for nap, visited them briefly during afternoon snack, and kept up the lunch-hour toddler classes a couple of times a week. Best of all, I had no commute and was right there when the work day ended. I was far luckier than most working moms because I did, in fact, see my kids part of the day.
I still felt guilty, but if work was slow, I was as likely to take a much-needed nap as to spend it with the kids. Slowly, though, my guilt began to grow. And now that the kids are in a full-day preschool, my guilt is great.
Knowing I have to work to help pay the bills doesn't really help. It only contributes to the feeling that I'm in a bind, a bind of my own (and my husband's) making: we chose to live here and do the kind of work we do, and make our lives far from extended family, where we have to pay for all the help we get.
Thankfully, the kids love preschool, and though parting is still tough in the morning -- separation and transitions are difficult for most preschoolers, my kids included -- they have a great time most days. When I show up, they are thrilled to see me, but I often have to coax them from the school, which is filled with stimulating toys and craft projects, boasts an elaborate outdoor play yard with a huge sandbox, a play structure, water tables, and all manner of outdoor toys and activities. Teachers are warm and don't hesitate to administer hugs. The kids' vocabulary has expanded exponentially, and their social skills, while in constant need of refining, are getting a lot of practice.
Still, there is guilt. Lots of kids get picked up earlier in the day than mine, and go to play dates at the park or other classmates' homes. Sometimes they just go home and enjoy being in their own space. My kids don't get nearly as much time at home as some of their counterparts, who leave at noon or three. And on some days, it takes a toll on all of us. If they're slow leaving school due to potty breaks, changing out of wet clothes, or an inclination to dawdle, we get caught in traffic and limp home by six, when I've got maybe half an hour to get some dinner on the table if we're to have baths or showers and all our bedtime rituals. And the kids are hyper from the ride and the carb-laden snacks I've had to give them in the car to keep them occupied. Plus they've had to hold it together emotionally to be without mommy or daddy for many hours, and they've been out of the cozy comfort zone of their own space.
Some evenings, they act out a lot; or they're cranky, whiny and tired. Probably the same is true of their peers who get home earlier, but I can't say as I don't see those kids. All I know is, the rare day when work is slow or I've managed to work ahead, I can pick them up a bit early, and they seem calmer, more rested, better behaved. They give me a little time to breathe when we get home, and I can spend some time with them before I turn into short-order cook, and start barking at them to eat, wash, change into PJs, etc.
Though I value my work, I miss being with the kids. They're only going to be this small once, and as a late blooming mom in her fourth decade, I ain't likely to have more babies.
Naturally, I overcompensate: I know I give them too many treats, trinkets, trips to restaurants, etc. I make sure there are plenty of hugs and kisses when I'm with them, and I devote nearly every minute of every weekend to them save when I'm asleep. Every couple of weeks or so, I'm lucky enough to have a babysitter for the night. But the latter circumstance brings on more guilt. Okay, not so much that I don't leave the house. Mommy and daddy need date night or mommy and daddy will be as impossible as a couple of whining toddlers. But the guilt is there, nonetheless -- especially if we've left one of the kids crying because they don't want mommy and daddy to go.
I don't know what the solution is, aside from a wholesale revision of our lives. And I don't have quite enough guilt to try to puzzle out how, exactly, we could make that happen, and make do somewhere else, with far less. My job isn't part-time, and we couldn't make do on a part-time income.
So I soldier on, a working mom, hoping the example I'm setting, as a woman who earns her keep via her expertise, will be a good one for my daughter, and will make my son realize that when he gets married, some day, his wife is entitled to a working life too.
My own mom was stay-at-home for many years, then went back to work, but always had a series of jobs, not a career. This bothered her. She was capable of much more than she was able to accomplish in the working world. I don't think she regretted the years she spent at home. But at the same time, she felt she missed out. It's some consolation that I won't have that regret.
But the guilt is there every day. Oh, to be like daddy, who blithely goes off to work without giving it a second thought. Thanks, society, for making expectations so different for men and women, even in this day and age. Or should I ascribe it to nature? The daddy gene is, surely, a bit different than the mommy gene.
All I know is, I hope I'm not doing motherhood half-assed. I console myself, like many a working late blooming mom, with the thought that I'm doing the best I can, given the circumstances. I suspect, even if I was staying at home, I'd find some other aspect of my mothering to make me feel guilty.
Hey, we gotta give them SOMETHING to go to therapy about in twenty years, don't we?
Wednesday, August 13, 2008
Working Mom Guilt
Like a lot of Late Blooming Moms, I was established in the working world before I had my kids.
Posted by
Late Blooming Mom
at
7:30 AM
Filed Under: kids' classes, older moms, preschool, working moms
1 comment:
It's true; my friends and I talk about saving for therapy (for the kids, for us) rather than for college...
As another mom who works outside the home, I believe 1. CPS would be at my doorstep if I stayed home full-time b/c I find it so hard, and 2. it makes me a better working person to have the perspective of staff/collegues who also have kids and have to (or choose to) work, and 3. makes you realize that some problems are relatively minor (compared to family illnesses, etc.) That said, I still don't know the parents in my kids' classrooms and need to figure out how to do that better.Note that HubClient also inherits Hub, so it also it also has publish, subscribe, unsubscribe, isConnected and so on. However, the language below allows this to be some custom hub client API, that does not necessarily talk to a Container or a ManagedHub or anything. Regards, Howard On 4/8/09 12:01 PM, "Jon Ferraiolo" <jferrai at us.ibm.com> wrote: > > Yes, > _______________________________________________ > gadgets mailing list > gadgets at openajax.org > -- Howard Weingram 650.846.1000 Principal Architect TIBCO Software Inc. TIBCO PageBus(TM) delivers ultra-lightweight publish-subscribe messaging for mash-ups. Learn more atThis category needs an editor. We encourage you to help if you are qualified.
Volunteer, or read more about what this involves.
Volunteer, or read more about what this involves.
Philosophy of Language > Philosophy of Linguistics > Philosophy of Linguistics, Miscellaneous > Philosophy of Linguistics, Misc
Philosophy of Linguistics, Misc
Related categories
Jobs in this area
Dean, Faculty of Humanities
Full or Associate Professor
Lecturer of Philosophy
- Knowledge of Language (449)
- Linguistic Innateness (36 | 17)
- The Status of Linguistic Theories (5)
- Language Acquisition (19)Crouse Ford Sales
- New:
- 888-209-5389
- Used:
- 888-209-5389
- Parts:
- 888-204-5319
- Service:
- 888-862-1607
- 888-209-5389
You must enable javascript to view this map.
Crouse Ford Sales
11 Antrim Blvd
Taneytown,
MD
21787
888-209-5389 Crouse Ford Sales! Located in Taneytown, MD, Crouse Ford Sales is proud to be one of the premier dealerships in the area. We serve all of the surrounding communities including Taneytown, Westminster, Hampstead, Manchester, Finksburg, Union Bridge, Emmitsburg, New Windsor, Thurmont, Littlestown, and Gettysburg. From the moment you walk into our showroom, you'll know our commitment to Customer Service is second to none. We strive to make your experience with Crouse Ford Sales a good one – for the life of your vehicle. Whether you need to Purchase, Finance, or Service a New or Pre-Owned Ford, you’ve come to the right place. Call 888-209-5389 for your No-Obligation Internet Price Quote from our Internet Department.
We have a great selection of New Ford models such as Focus, Fusion, Fiesta, C-Max, Mustang, Taurus, Flex, Escape, Explorer, Edge, Expedition, F-150, F-250, and F Series Super Duty.CAR WILL NOT START - NO SPARK
2002 Daewoo Nubira • 100 miles
2002 Nubira died while driving. Now cranks, but won't start. Timing belt was replaced 10K ago. I can see t-belt turning while engine is cranking. Turns over at normal speed and sound - not fast like with a broken belt. When I turn the key to the run position I hear the fuel pump for a few seconds. When I depress the fuel rail schraeder valve a little fuel sprays out. I do not have a way to check injector pulse. There is no spark from the coil pack. I installed a new coil pack - still no spark while cranking. I am down to crank sensor? Immobilizer? ECM?
Chargerrtdude
November 10, 2011.
NovemberWe've just spoken with chef Christopher Hora, who will soon be the executive chef at his own restaurant called Hora Bohemian Bistro, slated for the SiLa space in Silver Lake. Hora is an alum of Spago and after bringing his Cali-style fresh market plates to Root in Philadelphia, has been cooking at Crustacean. Hora reveals that the new restaurant will be what he calls "Central European Globetrotter" cuisine and thinks people will especially enjoy his Tartare trio, which will feature steak with Czech toast, tuna, and a changing vegetable prep. Hora is coming up with a lot of terms these days to fit his vision and to that end describes the décor as "gypsy jewel box," maybe like the romantic nook we saw at Vardo recently. Planned for a February opening, HORA will serve brunch, lunch, and dinner with beer and wine, plus he says, "Some fun stuff like different Sangrias and Jesus Power punch." UPDATE: Hora's tentative menu is below.
HORA's Tentative Menu
Foie Gras, baked apple and persimmon-sage nage 17
Polenta cake, wild mushroom fricassee, poached egg and quail demi 8
Zelnacka Sauerkraut and beer soup, smoked pork and rye croutons 7
Dueling beet soups-Savory red beet and sweet yellow beet, parsnip salad, herb vinaigrette 8
Hunter Terrine Blanched leeks and pistachios 11
Tare tar flight 13
Peking duck Spring Roll Hoisin dipping sauce 6
Asparagus and Mushroom Salad Baby spinach and warm bacon mustard vinaigrette 11
Shrimp chop salad Jicama, baby greens, black bean vinaigrette 13
Mushroom flatbread Shallot-bacon jam, cabernet poached egg 9
Segadine Goulash Czech beef and cabbage Goulash 11
Arugula risotto and truffle honey jus 13
Add Crispy pork belly 19
Pumpkin Raviolis Sage brown butter and pine nuts 8/15
Quail stuffed with short ribs Braised beet tops and cherry relish 17
Monk Fish poached in coffee and rum Spaghetti squash sauté, chocolate mole 24
Pan seared Black Bass w/Cockles, baby artichokes, grilled fennel, fingerling potatoes & a dried tomato Sambuca broth 27
Oxtail and rabbit ravioli 15Explore Key West in This Fun, New “Foodie” MysteryTravel
February 19, 2014 — Thought about visiting Key West as a possible retirement spot? With this winter’s weather in the northern part of the U.S. it might not be such a bad idea! You can get a good feel for what the southern-most town in the continental U.S. is like from the newest mystery from Lucy Burdette, “Murder with Ganache”. For the record, Lucy Burdette is the pen name of the wife of Topretirements.com founder, John Brady.
Here is the publisher’s publicity release on this fun new book
Lucy Burdette’s fourth Key West food critic mystery, MURDER WITH GANACHE (NAL/Obsidian,) features the spring break party scene, a beach wedding gone awry, and a dangerous case of missing teenagers. As in her other books, Burdette populates her fictional story with real life characters and Key West locations. Readers will recognize places like the Hemingway House, Paseo restaurant, Project Lighthouse, Salute, the Casa Marina, and a clue discovered on the Courthouse Deli bench’s Facebook page.
“People enjoy reading about places they’ve been and food they’ve eaten,” Burdette explains. “Plus, I had fun weaving in my experience in the Citizens’ Police Academy last spring. Details of the main character’s ride-along with a police officer and experience with a SWAT team rescue came from those sessions.”
The Key West mystery series stars Hayley Snow, a food critic who lives on a houseboat at Tarpon Pier. In MURDER WITH GANACHE, her extended family is descending on the island like a category 3 hurricane for her best friend’s wedding. When her stepbrother disappears into the spring break party scene, she must put the baking of cupcakes and other wedding chores on hold in order to search for the missing teen. Says Burdette: “The book features Hemingway cats, and cupcakes, and wedding drama, but in the end it’s about finding and embracing family in whatever form they come
Buy the Book
About the Author
Lucy Burdette is the pen name for Roberta Isleib, who is a resident of Key West. This is Isleib/Burdette’s twelfth published mystery. Her books and stories have been short-listed for Agatha, Anthony, and Macavity awards. She is a past president of Sisters in Crime.
I will def buy this book! It sounds like a fun read. My husband and I have been to Key West several time on vacation, weddings and to visit friends who live there. We love it there and have eaten (and partaken in libations)in many of the great and “funky” places the little Isle has to offer. Thanks for the heads up on this book!:cool:
by sunlovingal — February 19, 2014
@Admin: Also,congratulations to your wonderful talented wife!
by sunlovingal — February 19, 2014
I loved the first book and just bought the next two in the series. After finishing the first one, I immediately went to Expedia to check out airfares. Key West is awesome!
by Carol — February 19, 2014
Very cool, and congrats!
by Jan Cullinane — February 20, 2014I ended up getting upgraded to first class for the last part of my flight from London! Sounds great, eh? That was after first being moved up to business with those crazy bed-seat pods!
My secret to getting great upgrades? Fainting, endless vomiting, and plenty of diarrhea. Not pleasant, but very effective. Oh, unfortunately the first-class upgrade was only to the washroom...
I kept thinking that I'd love to be the medical student taking this history. Living it was not so good.
Wednesday, January 02, 2008
4 comments:
can I laugh? Hmm ok I'm not showing much empathy here ;)
It must have sucked big time, being sick away from home, in an airplane. ugh poor you :o/
Hope you're all better now!
Ohhhh, it was pretty bad... some norovirus, probably. The nurse at the clinic was laughing at me today as well, she'd been through something similar herself.
I actually went a bit downhill again after posting... but today everything seems to have started working correctly again. :) Can't wait to have solid food again... maybe tomorrow...
Yeah those stomach bugs are rather nasty during the holidays. About 2 or 3 Christmas ago, it's all our family, my aunt/uncle/3 cousins and their 5 kids who got it (we got it from them!). The experience was similar to yours. My mom didn't want me to get admitted during Christmas (I was already not feeling so hot at the time), she gave me 2 gravol and 2 tylenol right away. Needless to say, I slept for 48 hours straight ;)
Take it easy- eat pop sicles ;o)
urgh how perfectly awful. glad you're feeling better now! one way to start the post holiday diet tho...
what were you up to in london?- gallery
- James Hadfield Tweets Pictures From Space
- * (Chris Hadfield) * - Space missions: STS-100, STS-74, Expedition 34, Expedition 35, Soyuz TMA-07M
- 09:15pm May, 18 2013
- video
- Cops In Brooklyn Beat Man For Driving Motorcycle On The Sidewalk
- shut the fuck up and stop resisting and simply do what they want
- 10:05pm May, 9 2013
- video
- Matt Kemp Gives A Disabled Fan His Hat
- On the extended video he does shit a gold ingot.
- 10:36pm May, 7 2013
- video
- Muslims Desecrate British W.W.II Graves in Libya
- Those people died so you could have the freedom to worship and think however you wanted, props to the one or two who tried to stop these bastards.
- 06:46am May, 6 2013
- gallery
- Currency for the North American Union NAU
- What will the other twenty counties of North America do...wait I actually don't care.
- 11:24pm Apr, 24 2013
- gallery
- Aftermath of the Texas fertilizer plant explosion
- For your own safety, I suggest you forget about the deer head.
- 11:22pm Apr, 21 2013
- video
- FBI Releases Video and Photos of Suspects In Boston Bombing
- or is in high school or under the age of thirty, did you take all your pills tonight grampy
- 10:42pm Apr, 18 2013
- video
- Active Duty Soldier Illegally Disarmed by Police
- little chubby for active duty soldier no ?
- 01:24am Apr, 18 2013Career Opportunities
Lamar and Associates Are Looking For a Full-Charge Bookkeeper
Position Summary:
Bookkeeper works directly with clients and the firm’s CPA’s in providing accounting and tax services for various entities and individuals. Expert-level competency with QuickBooks is required to provide QuickBooks support to our clients. We are seeking a qualified professional who not only possesses the skills, knowledge, and experience required but also possesses a positive attitude, confidence, and the ability to function well within a team environment. We offer paid holidays, paid vacations, personal time off.
REQUIRED Skills and Knowledge
- Minimum 3 years of experience as a full-charge bookkeeper
- Solid understanding of accounting principles
- QuickBooks Pro Advisor or expert user
- Work independently with minimal supervision
- Ability to build good working relationships with clients
- Ability to write professional letters and emails
- Ability to function in a fast-paced environment, meet deadlines, and delegate when necessary
PREFERRED Skills and Knowledge
- Prior experience working in a public accounting firm
- Experience in tax return preparation for both individuals and businesses
- Job Responsibilities and Tasks Annual, monthly and quarterly write-up:
- Perform all bookkeeping functions
- Analyze and prepare adjustments to accounting records
- Reconcile bank statements
- Prepare quarterly and annual payroll tax reports
- We are willing to train you to prepare tax returns, if you are interested in learning this part of our business.
Personal Characteristics
- Positive
- Confident
- Highly motivated
- Ability to work well and excel in a team environment
- Excellent work ethicWe. And we’ve waited long to watch our darling Bebo in action in this one, right? No more waiting, peeps!
With growing anticipation we settled to watch Kareena in action. The 13-second teaser begins with a 24-hours-OPEN board with a lady groaning in pleasure in the background. Kareena’s patli kamar is seen gyrating to the tune. Crisp thumkas follow and…that’s it! The teaser is over.
But not without whetting our appetites for more, much more!
So take a sneak peek into this video and tell us what you think of it, BollywoodLifers!
Michael Mann’s The Insider , from a screenplay by Eric Roth and Mr. Mann, based on an article by Marie Brenner, “The Man Who Knew Too Much,” has been trivialized in the public’s mind by all the tabloid gossip about what Mike Wallace thought of Christopher Plummer’s screen approximation, what Don Hewitt felt about Philip Baker Hall’s portrayal of the CBS honcho as a tower of Jell-O, what Al Pacino thought about Mr. Wallace’s frosty reaction to the film, what Mr. Wallace thought about Mr. Pacino’s comments ad infinitum, ad nauseam.
Not surprisingly, therefore, I came late to the movie with a strong premonition of déjà vu . After all, the tobacco company scandal is old hat, and movies purportedly about real people are considered guilty of excessive melodramatization until proven otherwise. What I didn’t expect was an intelligently absorbing entertainment that ran for two hours and 40 minutes, during which I didn’t once look at my watch-just about the highest praise I can bestow upon a film these days. The acting is all first-rate, most notably Russell Crowe as Jeffrey Wigand, the whistle-blower who is left out to dry for daring to tell the truth about nicotine delivery systems disguised as cigarettes; Al Pacino as Lowell Bergman, the radical producer who stands up to the corporate pressures; Gina Gershon as Helen Caperelli, the smooth-as-silk power lawyer who embodies all the repressive evils of merger-mania capitalism, and even Mr. Plummer who begins by caricaturing Mr. Wallace and ends up humanizing him as an aging professional hanging on for dear life to all his well-earned perks.
Similarly, Mr. Crowe’s deeply felt Wig-and is no pure white knight of probity and integrity, but a onetime self-deceiving health product scientist hired by the tobacco industry for window dressing and then blithely ignored when profits were at stake. Mr. Mann and his co-scenarist Mr. Roth take their own sweet time letting the morally relativistic arguments-pro and con-find full expression through articulate characters such as we seldom encounter these days in mainstream movies.
The point is that The Insider hits too close to home for me to dismiss it as a dated piece of muckraking about such familiar causes as freedom of expression, the First Amendment and journalistic integrity. Indeed, The Insider has been likened to Alan Pakula’s All the President’s Men (1976) and even Robert Redford’s Quiz Show (1994). What makes The Insider more profound and penetrating than either of its moralizing predecessors is its subversive suggestion that even those of us in the media who still cling to an ideal of intellectual independence find ourselves increasingly manipulated by the matrix of multinational corporate power. The thoroughly legal power of Brown & Williamson to threaten Wigand with incarceration for not honoring a confidentiality contract casts a totalitarian pall over the proceedings. The far-reaching tentacles of the company extended to the local police forces in the tobacco states, and even the local branches of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Sure, on the health issue posed by nicotine there have been countervailing political forces at work to overcome the arrogance of the tobacco companies. Yet, the growing threat of corporate fascism is an insidious one, and the comparatively optimistic ending of The Insider cannot banish the suspicion that a Capitalist version of George Orwell’s Communist Big Brother in 1984 is waiting to be born in some corporate boardroom. After all, even many of our most radical muckrakers are working for fewer and fewer people.
Mr. Plummer’s Mike Wallace gets a laugh when he says that he doesn’t want to end up working for National Public Radio. My broadcasts appear on WNYC and NPR, and I hardly think that is a fate worse than death, but I get the point. My influence, if any, is tolerably marginal for the powers that be. And as long as I get a few crumbs of creature comfort from the system, I can be counted on not to make too much of a fuss about the growing concentration of economic power. Consciously or unconsciously, the makers of The Insider have alerted me, at least, to the dangers of a comfortable complacency about the way things are going. Unfortunately, like most of the people around me, I am too busy making a living and a life to do much of anything constructive to reverse current trends toward the total Mammonization of our lives. In this context of abject futility, The Insider can serve as a vicarious wake-up call of great histrionic distinction.
Tired Festival Oozings
Luc and Jean-Pierre Dardenne’s Rosetta won the Palme d’ Or and the Best Actress Award at the 1999 Cannes International Film Festival, and has been generally well received over here for its alleged artistry and social conscience. I say “alleged” because I find the film too oppressively miniaturized and abstract for my taste, and I find the central character Rosetta (Emilie Dequenne) too much of a poster child for deprived teenagers with alcoholic mothers living in trailer parks the world over. The camera never strays far from Rosetta and her obsessive search for employment. It is as if the Dardenne brothers were determined to push her in our face with few opportunities to look away from her few humorless, oxlike expressions. This is to make sure that we get the point, which, I suppose, is that we are all to blame for the state of affairs that makes this young girl behave so strangely and, at the climax, so dishonorably. The film ends with a closeup of her tearful remorse.
Just as The Insider is everything I like in a political film, Rosetta is everything I dislike: simplistic allegory, ritualistic monotony, minimal exposition and argument in the service of a supposedly timeless universality, the absence of any inner life or spiritual consolation. Why then did I admire La Promesse (1996), the previous film of the Dardenne brothers, as much as I deplore Rosetta ? I suppose I found La Promesse more complex in its motivations, more recognizably realistic in its racial and social alignments, more heroic and romantic in its moral epiphany. Anyway, .500 is not a bad batting percentage for films that try to say something.
Robert Kane Pappas’ Some Fish Can Fly manages to emerge as a funny, bittersweet, luminous love story despite the handicap of its being interrupted and distracted by a Pirandellian subplot concerning the hero’s problems in making a movie about his “real-life” romance. The financial and emotional agonies of making a movie is the most tired subject oozing out of Sundance these days. Fortunately, Mr. Pappas is more adept in the casting of Some Fish Can Fly than in fashioning its overall continuity.
The very talented though unfamiliar Kevin Causey and Nancy St. Alban play Kevin and Nora, who meet and fall in love in New York but who have difficulties sustaining their relationship when she returns to Cork County, Ireland. As Kevin narrates at the beginning of the relationship, “I think it goes back to Shakespeare’s Antony and Cleopatra , Antony’s fighting Caesar at sea for control of the known world, and Antony’s girlfriend Cleopatra is in a boat nearby. Just when it looks like Antony is getting a slight advantage over Caesar, Cleopatra turns her boat around and takes off. What does Antony do? He turns his boat around and chases after Cleopatra, deserting his own army. He’d rather chase Cleopatra than conquer the world.”
Kevin and Nora meet on a very unpromising blind date, go back to his apartment for a seven-hour kiss, at the end of which Nora is still a virgin-the kind who has slept with many men, but who has gone to bed with none. This intermediate level of passionate courtship is the most interesting aspect of the film in that it doesn’t play puritanically at all. Quite the contrary. When Kevin finally breaks through Nora’s Irish-seminary-girl’s defenses, it is no big deal, and both parties know that the real struggle to stay together forever is just beginning. And a struggle it is-all the way to the end, which I shall not give away, if, indeed, I have not done so already.
I don’t want to jinx Ms. St. Alban and Mr. Causey by noting that they look like real comers. This applies especially to Ms. St. Alban since too many of my current pinup girls of the heart have not done very well in their choices of projects.Meta Battle Subway PokeBase - Pokemon Q&A Login Register All Activity Questions Unanswered Tags Users Ask a Question Rules Chat What is a good moveset for Venusaur? 1 vote My Venusaur is level 63 and has a higher Sp. Attack, but not much higher than its attack. It knows: Energy Ball, Sludge Bomb, Earthquake, Toxic. movesets earthquake asked Jul 5, 2010 by trachy Please log in or register to add a comment. Please log in or register to answer this question. 3 Answers 3 votes That's quite good I think, but the only problem is poison moves are not good against many types. I would replace Sludge Bomb with Outrage (which it learns via move tutor). It's also not super-effective against many types but it's more powerful, plus the other moves are no good against dragons. EDIT: Actually I just realised Outrage may not be more powerful since Sludge Bomb has STAB and works well with the special attack. It still has better type coverage IMO. answered Jul 6, 2010 by Pokemaster Please log in or register to add a comment. 1 vote Swords Dance(doubles Venasaurs low attack stat for easy Sweeping), Earthquake(100 Power, 100 accuracy, covers fire weakness), Sludge Bomb(Good power, Good Accuracy, STAB), And Energy Ball or Seed Bomb(probably seed bomb as, after Swords Dance, Venasaur would have higher attack). (Right Of My Site:) answered Aug 10, 2010 by Swampert Good site. Are you going to use the moveset questions to make it easy to get good movesets for your site? commented Aug 10, 2010 by trachy No, I Wont Copy, I Shall Use My Own Movesets, Usually, Unless it is My Moveset answered on the question:) commented Aug 10, 2010 by Swampert That's kind of what I meant. Sorry if I made it seem different from what I meant. You can easily copy your answers from this site and put them on your site. Answering my earlier questions will make it even easier, plus you'll usually get Best Answer. commented Aug 10, 2010 by trachy Please log in or register to add a comment. 1 vote Okay B/W: Sunny Day Solarbeam Synthesis Sludge Bomb Ability: Chlorophyll answered Sep 29, 2010 by trachy Please log in or register to add a comment. Related questions What is a good sharpedo moveset? What is a good moveset for Venusaur? What is a good 4th move for venusaur? Should I teach my Swampert Bulldoze or keep Earthquake? Breeding help? Which pokemon can learn earthquake as an egg move? Is there a earthquake TM for platinum before the E4? Which is better for DW Feraligatr: Rock-slide or Earthquake Useful Meta Posts How to change your username How to add a user avatar Why was my post hidden? The points system Question etiquette Flags vs Downvotes Anime FAQDick Cheney Still Thinks Saddam Hussein Was Involved in 9/11
"Dick Cheney Still Thinks Saddam Hussein Was Involved in 9/11"
In an interview on CNN, former Vice President Dick Cheney suggested that while there was no confirmation tying the deposed late Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein to the al Qaeda plot that brought down the World Trade Center on Sept. 11, 2001, the possibility still existed that there was collaboration.
Rather than telling host Wolf Blitzer that allegations about Hussien and 9/11 had been wrong, Cheney repeatedly said that there was no confirmation of the links:
BLITZER: But just to be precise, [Hussein] had no involvement with al Qaeda and planning or implementing 9/11?
CHENEY: He had no responsibility that we were ever able to confirm for 9/11. We were told right after 9/11, I received a briefing from the CIA provided to me by George Tenet that he had. […]
BLITZER: But that turned out to be false?
CHENEY: Turned out to be false.
But at the time, he — supposedly, Mohamed Atta, who was the leader hijacker, had met with one of the senior officials of the Iraq intelligence service in Prague five months before 9/11. That was information provided to us by our intelligence.
BLITZER: False intelligence.
CHENEY: Yes, but you didn’t know it was false. The CIA didn’t come in and say this is false. There were months that went by that they in fact had that very much on their platter.
Now, in the final analysis, they were never able to confirm it. But initial reporting was that there had in fact been this cooperation if you will between Mohamed Atta and the head of Iraqi intelligence.
CNN analyst Peter Bergen, commenting on the interview with Blitzer, said the “largest criminal investigation that has ever been being conducted in history” concluded that there were no ties:
[T]he United States government proved definitively that there was no link between Saddam and 9/11, that there was no meeting with Mohamed Atta, the lead hijacker, and the Iraq intelligence agent and that was known well before the war.
Another CNN analyst, Gloria Borger, said Cheney was the “last person standing who seemed to believe that Mohamed Atta had been in Prague that day” to meet with Iraqi intelligence about the 9/11 attacks.McCaslin Boulevard
Louisville Purse Snatching Suspect Sketch Released
Police in Louisville have released a sketch of a man they say physically assaulted a woman and stole her purse.
Westbound U.S. 36 Off-Ramp To McCaslin Closed This Weekend
Some drivers may experience a detour as construction continues on the U.S. 36 Express Lanes Project.
Highway 36 To Be Closed Overnight For Girder Installation
Highway 36 will be closed again Tuesday and Wednesday night at Sheridan Boulevard so girders can be installed.,
what about adding the possibility to enter time estimates like this?
0:30 => 30 minutes
1:00 => 1 hour
1:30 => 1 hour 30 minutes
2:25 => 2 hours 25 minutes
Thanks :)
Posted at 12:22pm on April 9, 2006
Thanks for your suggestion -- we'll look into adding this format.
Posted 9 years agoUniversity of Chicago Library, Goodspeed Manuscript Collection Ms. 972, New Testament. Gospels. Mark (Archaic Mark). Greg. 2427. Greece? 19th or 20th century
Contents
Gospel of Mark in Greek. Formerly Goodspeed Ms. Grk. 38.
The manuscript is commonly known as the Archaic Mark because of characteristics evident in its text.
- fols. 2r-5v Mark 1.
- fols. 5v-7r Mark 2.
- fols. 7r-8v Mark 3.
- fols. 8v-11r Mark 4.
- fols. 11r-11v fols. 13r-13v Mark 5.
Note: Bifolium 12 r-v and 13 r-v folded in reverse and bound in. For correct sequence of text, read: 11r-v, 13r-v, 12r-v, 14r.
- fols. 12r-12v fols. 14r-16v Mark 6.
Note: Bifolium 12 r-v and 13 r-v folded in reverse and bound in. For correct sequence of text, read: 11r-v, 13r-v, 12r-v, 14r.
- fols. 16v-18r Mark 7.
- fols. 18r-20v Mark 8.
- fols. 20v-24r Mark 9.
- fols. 24r-26v Mark 10.
- fols. 26v-29r Mark 11.
- fols. 29r-31v Mark 12.
- fols. 31v-33r Mark 13.
- fols. 33r-37v Mark 14.
- fols. 37v-41v Mark 15.
- fols. 41v-43v Mark 16.
Decoration
17 miniatures consist of a portrait of the Evangelist Mark, and depictions of events drawn primarily from the cycles of Christ's miracles and Passion.
Miniatures
- fol. 1vEvangelist, Mark, Portrait: Mark writes, seated in high-backed chair before writing table; buildings in background.
- fol. 4vChrist, Miracle of healing Peter's wife's mother: Christ stands at right, holds arm of the mother of Peter's wife who is seated in bed; Peter and other disciples wait behind Christ.
- fol. 5vChrist, Miracle of healing paralytic: Christ stands at left, right hand raised in blessing; paralytic man lies on pallet at center, lowered from roof of building by two men; crowd, left background.
- fol. 12rChrist, Miracle of raising daughter of Jairus: Christ stands at right, touches arm of Jairus' daughter who lies in bed, foreground; her mother and father wait, left background.
- fol. 15vChrist, Miracle of loaves: Christ stands at center, looks down at two boys, seated at right, with baskets of fish and bread; mountains, in background.
- fol. 19vChrist, Miracle of healing blind man: A blind man stands at left, holds cane, eyes closed. Christ, at center, touches the blind man's eyes.
- fol. 21rChrist, Transfiguration: Christ, at center, on mountain; the prophets Elijah at left, and Moses to the right.
- fol. 27vChrist, Entry into Jerusalem: Christ seated on donkey, at center; disciples and crowd in background; boy lays robe in road; man stands at right, arm raised.
- fol. 34vChrist, Last Supper: Christ seated at center, a sleeping disciple to his left; other disciples sit on either side; wine cups, a compote, and plates of bread on table; buildings, in background.
- fol. 37vChrist, Before Pilate: Pilate seated at left on throne behind cloth-covered table; Christ waits at right, eyes downcast, hands bound with rope held by soldier.
- fol. 38rChrist, Barabbas released: Pilate, left hand raised, stands between prisoners Barabbas and Christ; men gesture, at right.
- fol. 38vChrist, Mocked: Christ, kneels at center, crown of thorns on head; gesturing soldiers stand on either side, and in left background.
- fol. 39rSimon of Cyrene, Bearing cross: Soldier leads Christ whose hands are bound with rope; Simon of Cyrene follows at left, carries cross on shoulder.
- fol. 39vChrist, Crucifixion: Christ and two thieves crucified on crosses; Virgin Mary an apostle John stand at foot of cross, left; at center, soldier pierces Christ's side with spear; second soldier gazes upward, gestures; sun and moon above central cross-arm.
- fol. 40rChrist, Casting of Lots for garments: Soldiers, either kneeling or standing, cast lots on top of Christ's robe and tunic.
- fol. 41vJoseph of Arimathea, Before Pilate: Gesturing Pilate stands at left in front of throne; Joseph of Arimathea, hands crossed on chest, waits at right.
- fol. 42rHoly Women, At sepulchre: Three women stand at left, hands raised; angel seated at right on stone from Christ's tomb.
Headpieces
Headpiece composed of floral, foliate, and geometric designs in rose, blue, and gold (fol. 2r).
Initials
Initial A (10 mm) in rose outlined in blue, red, and gold with gold pen-flourishing. Minor initials in gold (traces of red) set off from the text.
Physical Description
Support
Parchment. 119 x 84 mm.
Number of Leaves
44 leaves, of which 1 is a flyleaf.
Foliation
43 + 1 (foliated parchment flyleaf). Modern foliation in Arabic numerals in pencil 1-44.
Collation
6 quires of 8 leaves, with the exception of quire 6, which contains 4 leaves. The bifolium fol. 12 r-v and fol. 13 r-v was folded in reverse and bound in.
Dimensions
Written space 91 x 60 mm (fol. 9r). Variation in column length, 91 to 100 mm, and in column width, 55 to 60 mm.
Layout
1 column, 24-25 lines (fols. 3-16) and 20-22 lines (fols. 17-43). Ruling on both recto and verso with hard point. Lines previously ruled on the outer bifolium quire 3 (fols. 17, 24) stand at right angles to the lines of the later ruling pattern.
Writing
Written in minuscule script in medium brown ink. Minor initials duplicate letters in the text or replace letters erased.
Condition
Text abraded (fol. 18r). Some miniatures have pigment losses. Quire 2 (fols 9-16) detached from binding.
Binding Description
Bound in blind stamped goatskin (reused), over thin wooden boards. Doublures of dark brown leather.
History
Origin
Written and illuminated in the late 19th or early 20th century based on the results of codicological and text critical assessments, and the scientific testing of the manuscript's pigment, ink, and parchment support. Place of origin possibly Greece.
Provenance
Belonged to John Askitopoulos (died ca. 1918), an Athenian collector and dealer in antiquities.
Acquisition
Acquired by the University of Chicago from the family of John Askitopoulos, August 1938.
Bibliography
- Kenneth W. Clark, A Descriptive Catalogue of Greek New Testament Manuscripts in America (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1937), p. 271.
- Harold Rideout Willoughby, "Archaic crucifixion iconography," in Munera studiosa, edited by Massey Hamilton Shepherd Jr. and Sherman Elbridge Johnson (Cambridge, Mass.: The Episcopal Theological School, 1946), pp. [123]-144.
- Robert P. Casey, "Review of Munera studiosa," Journal of Religion 27 (April 1947), pp. 148-149.
- Robert W. Allison, Report on the study of the Archaic Mark (Ms. 972) under the Stereomicroscope and Polarizing microscope Written in the early 1970s, this unpublished report contains the notes of Marigene H. Butler, Associate conservator of the Art Institute of Chicago who conducted an examination of the manuscript, 1971-1972. Her samples are archived at the Art Institute.
- Mary Virginia Orna, Patricia L. Lang, J. E. Katon, Thomas F. Matthews, and Robert S. Nelson, "Applications of Infrared Microspectroscopy to Art Historical questions about medieval manuscripts," Archaeological Chemistry IV, edited by Ralph O. Allen. (Washington, D. C.: American Chemical Society, 1989), pp. [265]-288.
- Margaret M. Mitchell and Patricia A. Duncan, "Chicago’s 'Archaic Mark' (Ms. 2427): A reintroduction to its enigmas and a fresh collation of its readings," Novum Testamentum 48 (2006), pp. 1-35.
- Stephen C. Carlson, "Archaic Mark" (MS 2427) and the finding of a manuscript fake (paper presented at the Society of Biblical Literature Forum, August, 2006).
- Abigail B. Quandt, Preliminary Observations on the Archaic Mark (Report, November 13, 2007).
- Margaret M. Mitchell, Joseph G. Barabe, and Abigail B. Quandt, "Chicago’s 'Archaic Mark' (Ms. 2427) II: Microscopic, chemical and codicological analyses confirm modern production," Novum Testamentum 52 (2010), pp. 101-133.
- McCrone Associates, Inc., Analysis of the Archaic Mark Codex (Final report, 2008).
- Mary Virginia Orna, "Artists’ Pigments in Illuminated Medieval Manuscripts: Tracing Artistic Influences and Connections-A Review," Archaeological Chemistry VIII, edited by R. A. Armitage and J. Burton. (Washington, D. C.: American Chemical Society, 2014), pp. [3]-18.Tropers Online: 2,650
Resources
Troperville
Playthings
Tools
Crucial Browsing
Tropes By
Genre
Media
Narrative
Other Categories
Topical Tropes
Distracted By The Sexy:
- Castlevania
-.
- In Skies of Arcadia, Vyse was having his eyes glued to the Belly Dancer, Bellena, until Aikia snapped him out of it.
- In Knights of the Old Republic 2, there is a dancer outfit (needed for some side quest), which is absolutely useless — except for giving some bonus to the Persuade skill.
- The characters can go to confessionals in Tales of Hearts. At one point, Hisui admits he missed a shot because he was staring at Innes' breasts.
- In Soul Calibur — Voldo is pretty damn hot.
- In The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, when Midna is in her true form, Link's eyes are glued to her. She lampshades that along with Heroic Mime.
- The Sexy Nightwear apparel in Fallout: New Vegas gives a bonus to Charisma, which relates your Speech and Barter skills. Fallout 3 also has a unique "Naughty Nightwear", which gives greater boosts to these attributes, and also improves your character's luck.
- This is actually an ability of Jessica in Dragon Quest VIII. Put skill points in her Sex Appeal and monsters will start missing turns just to ogle her. Her own allies, Chivalrous Pervert Angelo included, are immune. Dragon Quest  8 and the Sultry Dance in DQ 9. Entertainingly, a foe that tries to use the former move on Jessica will get demoralized because Jessica is more voluptuous, and they miss a turn instead.
- From Metal Gear Solid 2 onwards, you can distracts male guards using Girly Magazine. Of course, it didn't work on ladies and unmanned units.
- In Bayonetta, Luka wants revenge against the title (huh huh) protagonist. However, every time he meets her, he alternates between swearing revenge, and making clumsy, awkward sexual overtures. Presumably, it's kinda hard to remember what you were doing when you have... well,
- Final Fantasy VIII: Laguna seems to fall foul of this when faced with the Cloud of Darkness in Duodecim 012, with his leg cramps acting up, and all. This is complicated by the fact that CoD is actually sexless, and initially assumed that he was frozen with fear (which it supposedly represents).
- Final Fantasy IX: Zidane's head will move toward any attractive female NPC walking past him in a town.
- Star Fox. Fox McCloud's first meeting face-to-face with Krystal sends him into a shock for a minute before Peppy's calling knocks him out of it.
- Septerra Core. thinks remains secret.
- The Inazuma Eleven games have a pair of passive skills which invoke this, namely "Sexiness UP!" for females and "Handsomeness UP!" for males. Both decrease the success rate of nearbynote A player trying to steal the ball and the player he/she is trying to steal it from can affect each other, and any player attempting to shoot and the opposite team's goalkeeper can also affect each other. opposite-sex opponents' moves.
- Mentioned by a guard in the intro to an early Perfect Dark Zero mission:"... it's like she had nothing on! Mai Hem's giving orders, but I don't know where to look!"
- One of the extra missions in Sonic Generations involves robots who block themselves with shields, and the only way to destroy them is to summon Rouge the Bat to distract them so that they can't block your attacks. That's right. Rouge is so sexy that not even robots are immune to her charms.
- Referenced in Mass Effect 3 when EDI.
James: What the hell's up with EDI?
- Additionally, if you're playing a female Shepard, the exchange becomes instead...
Shepard: She's found a new home, I guess.
James: A super-hot, sexy new home. You take her on a mission, I'm gonna be just a little distracted.
(beat)
(James's eyes the Eye Candy instead of focusing on the "people are trying to kill me" part. If your romantic interest isn't a full teammate in 3 or you haven't locked in your romance yet, it will be Liara, and she'll get the same line.
- In Dragon Age II, Bethany will find Sebastian very distracting.
- In a fun gender inversion of My Eyes Are Up Here, Isabela finds herself enraptured by Varric's chest hair.
- In Dragon Age: Inquisition, Sera's train of thought visibly derails upon meeting a female Vashoth Inquisitor.
- An invoked trope in Team Fortress 2 - players, especially spies, may use sprays of sexy girls to distract opposing players, making for easy targets. Demonstrated beautifully here.
-.
- Brain Dead 13, Fritz falls victim to this when he gets picked up by Vivi the sexy vampiress Assassin's Creed series: hiring a group of courtesans/Romanies to either act as a mobile hiding spot or distract a targeted group of guards is an effective way of completing most of the stealth sequences.
- In Sly Cooper: Thieves In Time, a mission in Chapter 1 has Murray disguising himself as "Madame Geisha" and managing to distract some guards. A much later mission in Chapter 5 sees Carmelita Fox performing a belly dance (with great reluctance) to distract some guards while the rest of the team unlocks a gate.
- In the second bonus mission from Syphon Filter: The Omega Strain, Lian disguises as a concubine to fool Yang and the outdoor guards, then dons a bikini to distract the guards at Saydahmat's suite.
- One geisha assassination attempt in Total War Shogun 2 utilizes this to give the geisha time to bring her murder weapon to bear.
- One Uldum quest in World of Warcraft requires distracting several infected Gnomes using holograms. One of them is a dancing female Eredar.
- This is used to solve a puzzle at one point in Fear Effect. Hana is caught by a guard and held at gunpoint. However, she's wearing only a towel, and the towel is a useable item. Use it, and she drops it. Deke proceeds to deal with the distracted guard. (Nice ass, Hana.)Open iTunes to preview, buy, and download music.
Biography
Formed: Las Vegas, NV
Genre: Rock
Years Active: '90s, '00s
A well-known and well-traveled heavy metal band from Las Vegas, Hemlock formed around 1993. The group, led by vocalist and bassist Chad Smith, focused on its live show (which featured a pit standoff known as The Wall of Death) more than studio recordings, but that didn't mean that Hemlock didn't take time to put CDs on store shelves. In 2004 the band released Bleed the Dream, and over the next few years released four more albums, and also toured with such names as Lamb of God, Hatebreed, Slayer,...Full Bio
Top Albums and Songs by Hemlock
View In iTunes

Number of Servings: 3
Ingredients
1 Kiwi Fruit
1/3 C Blackberries
1 Small Apple
1/2 Tbsp Honey
1/4 tsp Cinnamon
Directions
Number of Servings: 3
Recipe submitted by SparkPeople user GEOFREO.Thirty-six-year-year-old Armando Martinez was indicted by a Walker County grand jury on two counts of obstruction or retaliation for allegedly threatening two witnesses who were going to testify against him in regard to a sexual assault which occurred in Houston County over a year ago.
Police reports say Martinez threatened the mother of a young girl he’s charged with sexually assaulting in Houston County. He made the threats at a Walgreen’s in Huntsville in October of 2012. He threatened the woman and anyone else who would testify against him.
According to a report, a month before the threat on the woman, he had allegedly appeared at another business in Huntsville and assaulted a male witness who was going to testify in his case.
There are currently no comments on Huntsville Man Indicted for Allegedly Threatening Two Witnesses. Perhaps you would like to add one of your own?Senator Franken Endorsed by the Human Rights Campaign
Campaign launches “LGBT & Allies for Al”; Over 1,000 Minnesotans join group in 24 hours
ST. PAUL [06/29/14]— Today, in honor of Twin Cities Pride, Sen. Al Franken’s re-election campaign announced the endorsement of the Human Rights Campaign, the nation’s largest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender civil rights organization, for the Senator’s hard work and long-time support for equality and expanded rights for LGBT Minnesotans and their families.
“Senator Franken is a longstanding champion for the rights of Minnesota’s LGBT community and has worked hard in the Senate to fight discrimination against LGBT Americans and their families,” said Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign. “HRC is proud to stand with Senator Franken as he continues to be a powerful and effective voice for families in Minnesota and around the country.”
Franken’s campaign also announced the launch of “LGBT & Allies for Al,” a group joined by more than one thousand Minnesotans who attended Twin Cities Pride yesterday. Tom Knabel, MD, a leader in Minnesota’s LGBT community; Monica Meyer, OutFront Minnesota’s Executive Director; and Richard Carlbom, Campaign Manager, Minnesotans United for All Families, will serve as co-chairs.
“Senator Franken works hard on behalf of all Minnesotans and has been an effective voice in the Senate promoting equality and justice. The number of Minnesotans who have joined ‘LGBT & Allies for Al’ in the last 24 hours alone is a testament to the strong grassroots campaign he’s built and the momentum behind him heading into November,” said Knabel.
“When we needed Senator Franken’s help in defeating the proposed constitutional amendment that would have banned same-sex marriage — he was there for the LGBT community. Now it’s our turn to be there for him so he can keep working hard and getting things done for Minnesota,” said Carlbom.
“Senator Franken is working hard in the Senate to help prevent bullying of LGBT kids. Every child should feel safe at school, and I’m proud that we have Senator Franken advocating on their behalf,” said Meyer.
Sen. Franken has long been a champion for the LGBT community. He was the first major statewide candidate in Minnesota to support marriage equality. In the Senate, he has been fighting to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) and successfully called on the Obama Administration to lead by example and enact workplace protections for federal contractors until ENDA is signed into law.
Sen. Franken strongly supported legislation that overturned the military’s “Don’t Ask Don’t Tell” policy. He introduced the Student Non-Discrimination Act, which would help prevent bullying of LGBT kids, and joined the “It Gets Better Project” to help kids who experience bullying as a result of sexual orientation or gender identity.
Join LGBT and Allies for Al today.I finally joined
this group!
I keep trying to get a routine going with excersize but it always falls apart. So I started up again yesterday. I want to do the Dirty Girl run this year (starting with that and hoping to work up to more intense courses). Right now I know I could do it, but I would fell like I am dying by the end lol. So my goal is to not want to die at the end of a few miles. Before I moved, I was running 2-3 miles a few times a week.That was also when I had someone to run with and encourage me. I am starting now at .5 mile and going up as I feel that becoming easier.
I am excited!
Welcome to the group! Dirty Girl seems like a fun event! I've done a Color Run, Kiss Me Dirty, and a couple of Tough Mudders and local mud runs, so I'm familiar with these. The good news is that it's not about time, but about having a good time and feeling like a rock star. :) Definitely more fun with friends, and as you get more into running, you'll start finding which of your friends might be into that. I started from scratch with running myself (at 250 lbs, no less!), so if you need someone to discuss it with or want some ideas or tips, I'm here! Luckily there are some great tools available for info and motivation.
Good luck with your running!
Suzanne
"Don't sacrifice what you want most for what you want right now."
on Jun. 15, 2014 at 10:44 AM
- jnich4
Time to Start Talking Turkey
Photo: Hans Gissinger
It’s November 1st, which means many home cooks will soon begin to plan Thanksgiving dinner. But there’s no need to fret. Below, find two guides to make this year’s feast easy as pumpkin pie.
26 Thanksgiving Menus: One of the menus in our guide–which range from quick and easy to grand and decadent–is bound to be the perfect fit for your family. Or use our interactive Thanksgiving Menu Generator to filter recipes depending on your party size, how much time you have to prep, and your cooking style.
The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide: We don’t use the word “ultimate” lightly. This guide contains everything you’ll need to pull off an amazing holiday dinner, from cranberry cocktail recipes to how your microwave can save Thanksgiving.
* Thanksgiving Checklist: Our three-week countdown to Thanksgiving helps you get organized so that the day of the feast is easy and relaxed. Add it to your Google Calendar today.
* 25 Perfect Pies for Fall: End your holiday on a pie note.
* Hate Turkey? Restaurant Editor Andrew Knowlton suggests some alternatives that are just as festive.
* What To Do about Leftovers: Find three delicious and simple ideas to help transform next-day turkey into another great meal.
Use bonappetit.com/go/thanksgiving to prepare your Thanksgiving feast–and have time to enjoy it.
Plus, enter our Thanksgiving Bloopers Contest. Share your best Thanksgiving disaster story and you you could win an All-Clad roasting pan worth $400!, iPhone, iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS and iPod touch, files.For a limited time, we are offering our 1/2" Single Face Polyester Satin ribbon in all colors at a very steep discount. 1/2" is the only width available under this promotion.
Wholesale Single Face Satin Ribbon is a beautiful and elegant with many applications ranging from packaging, used by wedding designers as bridal ribbon, hair bows,.
Our ribbons are perfect for Weddings, Hair Bows, Printing, Gift Wrapping, Scrapbooking Ribbon, Floral Arrangements, and any other crafting or manufacturing need.Canon Utilities My Printer
This tiny utility provides access to your printer's functions from the Taskbar.
Canon Photorecord is " the most talked about "software when looking at Canon printers and imaging devices.
Canon ZoomBrowser EX Memory Card Utility
Canon ZoomBrowser EX Memory Card Utility 1.1 is the latest version of this software we can download online free of charge from the Canon Website.
More results for free download master printer canon ip2770
Canon Utilities RAW Image Converter
Canon Utilities RAW Image Converter can convert RAW images created by the following Canon digital cameras: PowerShot A5, PowerShot A5 Zoom, PowerShot Pro70, PowerShot A50, EOS D30, PowerShot G1, PowerShot Pro90 IS, PowerShot G2, PowerShot S40 and PowerShot S30.
License: Freeware
Download
Canon RAW Codec is a plug-in software that enables the import and display of Canon RAW image files when installed in Windows 7 32-bit version/Windows Vista (including SP1/SP2) 32-bit version/Windows XP (including SP3) 32-bit version.
License: Freeware
Download
Canon iR Toolbox delivers digital copying, high-quality laser printing, automatic duplexing, and full color scanning capabilities, all in a compact convenient design.
License: Freeware
Download
Canon iPF6300 Print Plug-In for Photoshop CS2
imagePROGRAF Print Plug-In is a special utility plug-in for Adobe Photoshop, the photo retouching software supplied by Adobe Systems Inc.
License: Freeware
Download
Canon Drivers Update Utility For Windows 7 64 bit
Canon Drivers Update Utility For Windows 7 64 bit updates your Windows 7 (64 bit) drivers for Canon devices automatically with just several clicks.
License: Shareware
Download
Canon LBP7010C is a software tool that allows you to operate with the Canon i-SENSYS LBP7010C printer.
License: Freeware
Download
Canon iPF5000 Print Plug-In for Digital Photo Professional
Canon iPF5000 Print Plug-In for Digital Photo Professional is a useful utility plug-in for Adobe Photoshop and for Canon Digital Photo Professional.
License: Freeware
Download
Canon MP500: With the versatile PIXMA MP500 Photo All-In-One on your desktop, you'll ask yourself how you ever got along without it.
Canon MP800R: The PIXMA MP800R Photo All-In-One offers the freedom of wireless printing and scanning, along with exceptional print-copy-scan performance.
Canon MP530: Print photos and text. Copy important papers. Fax documents and forms.
Canon MP760 : The Canon PIXMA MP760 Photo All-In-One is an amazingly versatile home-office performer.
Canon Easy-WebPrint EX is a plug-in for Windows Internet Explorer 7.0, 8.0 and 9.
License: Freeware
Download
Canon RAW Image Task for ZoomBrowser EX
Canon Utilities RAW Image Task is part of the 2CDs package containing software, utilities and applications given to customers after purchasing a Canon Digital.
Click on the following links for the driver package readme info:.../ip4000r9x840en/Readme.
Click on the following links for the driver package readme info:.../ip20009x840en/Readme.
Click on the following links for the driver package readme info:.../ip10009x840en/Readme.
Click on the following links for the driver package readme info:.../ip50009x840en/Readme.
Click on the following links for the driver package readme info:.../ip85009x840en/Readme.
Click on the following links for the driver package readme info:.../ip15009x840en/Readme.
Click on the following links for the driver package readme info:.../ip6000d9x840en/Readme.
12
,
Israel
6
,
U.s.
6
,
Cia
4
,
Obama
4
,
Susan Rice
4
,
Ho
4
,
James Lyons
3
,
United Nations
3
,
Mccain
2
,
Spiriva
2
,
Fbi
2
,
John Bolton
2
,
Patraeus
2
,
Romney
2
,
Syria
2
,
India
2
,
America
2
,
New York
2
,
Russia
2
,
Borrow a DVD of this show
FOX Business
Lou Dobbs Tonight
News/Business. Lou Dobbs. The journalist offers his
take on issues and interviews newsmakers. New. (CC)
November 14, 2012
7:00 - 8:00pm EST
7:00pm
×
from wall street actions during super storms in the continue. cftc commissioner. that's it for tonight. thank you for joining us. have a great night. we will see right back here tomorrow evening. ♪ lou: good evening, everybody. after two months on the successful bid for reelection, president obama stepped up to take responsibility for sending his ambassador to the united nations. susan rice out to the fund it -- sunday talk-show host five days after benghazi and four false statements about the cause of those attacks. the president holding his first press conference in front of the white house press corps since march 6th book, and he made a lot of news in doing so. president obama admitted the erroneous statements delivered by rice on five talk shows five days after four americans were killed in an gauzy were at his
7:01pm
×
order, and one of the most defiant tone as we have heard, obama defended rice and invited congress and his critics to come after him instead of her. >> she made an appearance at the request of the white house in which she gave her best understanding of the intelligence that have been provided to her. and senator mccain and gramm and others want to go after somebody , they should go after me. when they go after the u.n. ambassador apparently because they think she is an easy target and have a problem with me. lou: the administration blamed in gauzy on the flash mobs and cited the video on youtube. it was revealed not only there had been no demonstration, no
7:02pm
×
mob, and no right, but all involved knew that it was a terrorist attack by a group with ties to al qaeda, obviously carried out in a well coordinated, preplanned manner. the administration blamed the response on faulty information from night intelligence community. today the president once again placed the responsibility broadly on his national security team. here is the president explaining what is initial orders were when he found out that americans were in danger in benghazi. >> i can tell you that immediately upon finding out that our folks were in danger that my orders to my national security team work, do whatever we need to do to make sure they're safe. that is the same order would give any time that i see americans in danger, whether civilian or military because that is our number one priority. lou: for whatever reason the number one priority did not create any kind of action,
7:03pm
×
nothing was done despite for requests for help, cia operatives on the ground during the 7-hour siege despite military support approximately two hours away at a naval air station in italy, and no explanation offered by the president today. disgraced former cia chief may shed light on who knew what and when and why for americans are -- for left today. he voluntarily agreed to testify after initially telling friends she would not. no date has been agreed to as of now. will the petraeus country to september 14th testimony in which sheik blamed benghazi on the anti muslim video and put the present at the center of a massive cover-up? we take all that appeared tonight with pulitzer prize-winning journalist your e miller, former ambassador to the united nations, john bolton , middle east affairs analyst -- doctor wally to paris
7:04pm
×
. the president also withheld judgment about the federal investigation that cost patraeus his job but tonight national security was compromised. >> i have no evidence at this point from what i have seen that classified information was disclosed that in any way would have had an impact on our national security. lou: concerning questions on whether the petraeus story should have come up before the presidential election, president obama said the fbi has its own protocols on how they proceed. for more on all of this, the "a-team". let me start with you. the idea that susan rice somehow comes across in the president's
7:05pm
×
statements today as being a puppet without a mind of her own or any individual responsibility as an envoy of the president or representatives of the u.s. government. >> this is a woman who clearly would like to replace secretary of state hillary clinton in that job. no shrinking. she was perfectly able to defend herself. i'm sure she was speaking off the set of talking points. the question is, one of the many questions, did she know when she was speaking that there was contradictory and permission? lou: and it is -- i'm not sure that it is unfair to say that the president and his entire national security team, if you will, are hiding behind the skirts of ambassador rice. >> well, i think the president gave away the game here when he also said in his exasperation with senator mccain that susan rice did not know anything about what happened at benghazi, thus
7:06pm
×
proving the brilliance of the white house strategy at the time their effort was to get past the election, to minimize what actually happened. but -- what better way than to send out susan rice who knows nothing? she can't possibly make a mistake. she can't possibly reveal information inadvertently? think of the risk of putting hillary clinton out there who actually knew what happened. lou: that raises the question, where was the secretary of state? where was the head of the national security council? where was the national security adviser? where was david petraeus for crying out loud? >> you know, what general petraeus would say in congress is going to be very important because there is one major question, a lot of the answers of your not kidding, what was the assessment of the obama administration of the area where there consular was? there's a big difference. if this was an area as secure as iceland or waziristan.
7:07pm
×
time confident that there were cables that said there are ten training centers for militias around that location. so i would like to know if the administration basically perceived the location is dangerous there for what were the measures and therefore when the attack occurred, the kind of response would be appropriate to the type of assessment. that is what we want to know. >> chairman of the house securities committee is very direct saying the documents that we see that the cia had prior to general petraeus coming in, it is impossible to believe he thought he was giving as at the time on his testimony, testimony supporting what became the brought fiction of an inch and a video. congressman king is saying point
7:08pm
×
blank. he believes that petraeus was under the thumb of the administration, coerced and blackmail and a statement. >> i think i no general petraeus pretty well. i covered him in 2003 and stayed in touch with them. i find that absolutely impossible to believe. it is just not the man i know who would go to the u.s. congress and lighted them to toe the administration line because he was under pressure from an investigation. lou: you're putting in out of context. i have to ask you this. is the man you know kimmel of having an affair and exposing his entire agency for which he is responsible to an immense vulnerability compromising national security for an affair. >> there is no indication that national security was compromised or was even jeopardized by this, and i think that all people are human and general patraeus is human also
7:09pm
×
and is entitled to a mistake. it was a question for me, and i think the president's been 24 hours thinking about it, as to whether or not you could afford to lose a man like general patraeus. lou: you join me on the issue of values. i think every man and woman is entitled to their private values and decisions of their lives, and i certainly would not judge anyone. i will judge the head of the cia who has not got this sense and judgment and the sense of responsibility to his organization to compromise himself and his office. that is, to me, inexcusable. god bless general patraeus, but not as the head of the agency that is so important in protecting this nation. your view to. >> i think congressman king's theory is that -- has the possibility of being true, but i
7:10pm
×
would not overemphasize it. i would not concentrate everything, i will call the black military. there are two separate and distinct issues so far. one, the ministrations of a failure before, during, and after the attack. number two, the question of what general petraeus was actually doing. there may be a connection. there may not be. whether there is are not should not distract from finding out really what happened in petraeus and with -- in benghazi and the general petraeus. those two issues have to go on. lou: do you agree? >> i do agree with ambassador bolton. the real question regardless of the outcome of the situation with the two generals is very simple. was there a threat in the area? and me, where the militias? with a threatening the compound? yes. actually, there was a sentence
7:11pm
×
that said, we are surrounded by malicious but don't know their intention. that is telling us about the doctrine of the administration. if the demonstration did not consider those militias as threatening, their for the measures where they were. we should focus on this point. lou: i can be rather dismissive of it because we know that they attacked a british ambassador in june -- july. they attacked the red cross. both the british and red cross left eastern libya immediately forthwith, and the united states and its ambassador who sought additional protection of all of that on the record to the state department, the cia, and to all involved in determining how secure that counsel would be. we will be back. we are not letting them go just yet. there's too much to assess. join us here later on national
7:12pm
×
security in the political implications of the petraeus scandal and, of course, benghazi . european nations already on the wrong side of the fiscal cliff. the president says america can steer clear. >> i believe. and confident it can be done. i don't expect the republicans simply to cut up my budget. the recognize that were going to have to compromise. compromise is hard. lou: more than a trillion and a half in tax hikes, no spending cuts. what's the deal? that's tonight's chalk talk. with leaders descending on the white house to persuade the president to be pro-business, the ceo of a restaurant chain carl's jr. and hardy's does not think the president is listening. next. it's a new day.
7:13pm
×
if you're a man with low testosterone, you should know thatx unexpected signs of puberty in children or changes in body hair or increased acnen women may occur. report these signs and symptoms to your doctor if they occur.
7:14pm
×
tell your doctor about all medical conditions and medications. do not use if you have prostate or breast cancer. serious side effects could include increased risk of prostatcancer; worsening prostate symptoms; decreased sperm count; ankle, feet, or body swelling; enlarged or painful breasts; problems breathing whisleep; and blood clots in the legs. common side effects include skin redness or irritation where applied, increased red blood cell count, headache, diarrhea, vomiting, and increase in psa. see your doctor, and for a 30-day free trial, go to axiron.com.
7:15. ♪ lou: president obama today meeting with some of the country's top business leaders.
7:16pm
×
will a second term be more friendly to corporate america? carl's jr. and hardee's ceo giving us his perspective here in just a moment. in the moneyline tonight, president obama made it clear that the fiscal cliff could be avoided if he gets more taxpayer money. and investors choking on the president's words. investors reacting to that declaration by accelerating a sell-off in stocks as the president's talked. by the close the dollar plunged 185 points. s&p had lost 19, nasdaq down 37. in active trading, volume off to 4 billion shares today. of the past six trading sessions since the president won reelection. the dow has fallen 6705. it lost 5%. that is as steep sell-off cents a year ago. the dow is now down more than 1,000 points from its high of the year said back on
7:17pm
×
october 5th. a correction under way. makes news on the economy today. inflation at the wholesale level dropping back at the unexpected two tenths of a percent. not so welcomed the decline in retail sales. wall street analysts saying the drop was the impact of superstore sandy in consumer uncertainty about the weak economy and the prospect of a steep dive off the fiscal clef. a wave of strikes and protest against government austerity programs in europe sweeping across spain, portugal, and greece today. labor unions have called those protests and other than as the largest since the start of the will or recession of 2008. but many economists say it will likely have no political impact says union members have become an increasingly small minority of european workers. the convent overall is suffering from purchased fatigued. the country can avoid its own
7:18pm
×
fiscal cliff, with the only solution is to raise taxes on americans and businesses earning over $250,000 per year. a group of top ceos, they were encouraged. my next guest says raising tax rates will stifle business growth and cost jobs. good to have you with us. >> good to be here. lou: this president wants new taxes. that is a heck of an initial bargaining position. >> the president talks about tax rates. he wants tax rate increases, and the converse that into dollars. the real question is can you raise tax revenue? the only way we will raise a
teeseven of revenue is private sector growth, and you're not going-private sector growth of your tongue the private sector you will raise their taxes, raise their health care costs, raise their energy ost and
7:19pm
×
raise their labor cost. people are going to invest. you will find the kind of job creation you need. american businesses want this president to succeed. the one him to succeed because his success is tied to my success. conversely, his success is tied to the success american business. there ought to be some common ground. i'm just not seeing it. lou: what do you think of the idea that a dozen ceos show about the white house to talk big with the big guy, but small business that creates most of the jobs in this country not represented. these cuts represent a fraction of our economy. they have a major, major portion of the lobbying efforts and the pressure that is applied in washington. what is your reaction? >> these are good people, smart people, intelligent. but you really have to look at how rare motivated differently than small businesses would be.
7:20pm
×
these large businesses can be the subject of government actions. it's easy to kind of select them, move them out. they can be subject to attack. they also are sometimes subsidized. i have to worry about subsidies, and that may have government contracts. small businesses aren't concerned with those things. small-business can make a much better case. we are talking about raising the top rate. we're being dragged along. talking about almost 40 percent, raising the top rate to about
7:21pm
×
40%. we already see the top 2 percent paying about 50 percent of all texas. i don't know what the impact would be, but i do have the sneaking suspicion that the president is not aware that the fact is, individual tax payments to this government have risen by 25 percent under the bush tax rates over the past two years. and the real answer is staring him and everybody else in the face. that is, growth. >> yes. private-sector growth is the only way of this. the government has done everything it could possibly do. 800 million in stimulus, interest rates in zero, printing money and it is going in a style. the government has done what it can do. many the private sector. that tax rate, you're not adding in the obama increase in petrol taxes. it's over 40 percent. that it's all businesses, subchapter s corporations,
7:22pm
×
elsie's. the larger corporation, the corporate tax rate goes down. that makes them feel good. the businesses that will be hit by these tax increases are the very small and midsize businesses that create jobs same people that get hit with obamacare, the energy increases, and a labor cost increases. lou: what if i told you that it makes some sense. give him at the margin what he wants on taxes. whether that's on investment tax , camping deductions. basically what mitt romney was proposing. get that done. then say what you going to do? you going to still be left if you roll all of that up. you will still be left with a huge deficit. it's going to have to mean cutting the federal budget. >> even if we increase the tax rates, the top 1 percent in this
7:23pm
×
country makes seven timbers of the income. 37 percent of the taxes. so a fair share argument really is it -- lou: you're getting a again start out here. your last shot. >> mr. president, please, please work with the business community. we want you to succeed, but you're putting impediments in our way and make impossible. we want you to succeed and we want to succeed. please work with us. lou: thank you for being with us. up next former cia director patraeus agreeing to testify. can we believe anything the ds to say? admiral james lyons has a few thoughts. president obama searching for a solution to solve our debt problem. let's see how it works out. is it in his favor? it will take a look. next by the numbers. ve lately.
7:24pm
×
but because of business people like you, things are beginning get rolling. and regions is here to help. making it easier with the expertise and service to keep those wheels turning. from business loans to cash management, we want to be your partner moving forward. so switch to regions. and let's get going. together.
7:25pm
×
7:26pm
×
♪ and get up and go to the post office anymore. [ male announcer ] with stamps.com, you can print real u.s. postage for all your letrs and packages. it ges d a digital scale. go to stamps.com/tv and never go to the post office again.
7:27pm
×
♪ lou: well, the president wants to raise taxes by over one half trillion. that is his opening gambit, initial bargaining position on the fiscal cliff. he wants to do that over the next decade. this is the kind of math i like. that works out to 160 million per year in taxes. republicans howling about it, but are they wrong to be so upset? let's take a look of some members. earlier this year the president unveiled a three. eight -- i love this. we talk about these numbers that there is nothing to them. he forecasts a 1.3 trillion
7:28pm
×
dollar deficit. so that means, if i can figure this out, to a half trillion dollars to work with. $901 billion next year. our national debt is now over $16 trillion. everybody knows that. and the president's big plan, he wants 16 trillion in the taxes. here is how he wants to get there. he wants to raise 849 billion over ten years by allowing the bush tax cuts, there they go, away on the very first of december of this year. it will expire without call to of households with incomes one and 250,000. hundred 49 billion includes 206 billion in higher taxes and
7:29pm
×
dividends. 123 billion on limiting itemized deductions. higher taxes on capital gains. the white house wants to raise another $584 billion over ten years, 584 billion of that over ten years by reducing the value of certain tax breaks, cutting tax breaks with his charitable contributions, mortgage payments. that might have an impact on the housing industry. that should give everybody a little excited. something good going here, as the saying goes in the housing industry. let's squash that. the rest of the president's money would come from several places, let's get serious for a moment. that breaks down to $160 billion each year. that still leaves a hole of
7:30pm
×
$840 billion if we want to balance the budget. the president's -- here looking at a $1 trillion deficit. president likes to demonize the bush tax cuts. he won't tell you this, but i will. the tax revenue is already increasing to the federal government under the bush rates. in fact, individual income tax payments have risen $2,303,000,000,000 over the course of the past two years, up 26%, 26%. by the way, raising the marginal tax rates is a sure recipe for recession and even bigger deficits according to the congressional budget office. that was in part of this news conference. so far it has not been part of
7:31pm
×
the discussion. don't you think it ought to be? the president's first is conference in almost nine months, still no answers on benghazi, no clear policy on the least. the "a-team" coming back. the president told russia he would be very flexible after the election. [inaudible] lou: well, we're there. now the president has the flexibility and then the travel destination. we will have those for you next. that petraeus sex scandal worsens by the day. did our top spy but classified information and risk? is it just a coincidence that the white house waited until after the election? admiral james lyons joins us
7:32pm
×
7:33pm
×
7:34pm
×
7:35pm
×
♪ lou: general petraeus agreeing to testify on the benghazi attack, and he will do so in front of the house intelligence committee. he will be doing so behind closed doors as we now understand how that system will go. the question is, in part, as his credibility been compromised following the scandal that led to his resignation? by next guest says the scandal is a political cover and deception. joining us now, admiral james lyons, a retired commander of the u.s. pacific fleet. good to have you back with us. >> nice to be here. loo: the first question. that is, has his credibility been compromised to the point that he can be of very little to congress? >> well, i think, first of all,
7:36pm
×
the hearing should be open. and to really get to the bottom of what went on in the katie consulate and live the ambassador had to be there, we should grant him amnesty. we need to get to the bottom of what really went on. as you said, the sex scandal is nothing more than political cover and deception to divert tte american public's attention from what really went on in that benghazi consulate and white the ambassador had to be there that night. lou: just to understand, who created this deception, this distraction? >> well, in my judgment this had been known for a number of months. the timing of when it was made public. it certainly becomes very suspicious.
7:37pm
×
lou: in quick order, the release of the timeline put forward by the cia. and that's going to be explored for some time. but going to your point about why the ambassador was in benghazi the day in the night that he was killed, give us a sense of what you think is behind all that? >> look. here is the ambassador who feared for his safety. we have this 16 august message from the consulate which said, this place can't be defended. we have the bloom on security manager who sent something wrong he put out an alert in the afternoon of the 11th over both radius and his cellphone. something is wrong. he gets on a plane and it's out of benghazi. three hours before the attack we
7:38pm
×
have the terrorist group setting of the roadblocks and checkpoints that that turkish consul general had to pass through for his meeting with the ambassador. nobody can tell me that that turkish consul general did not say all of this to embassador stevens. the alarm should have one off. what i think what happened was a terrible mistake on the terrorist group. i speculate that ambassador stevens was supposed to be kidnapped, held hostage in exchange for the release of the blind to shake, that is currently being held in prison. that is the only thing that makes sense to me. otherwise he never would have stayed there that night.
7:39pm
×
lou: do you believe then that he was doing so voluntarily, willingly, knowing they? being put forward, if you will, as trading? >> well, that's what's going to have to come on the hearings. and the only way we're going to get to the bottom of the, would probably have to have a special prosecutor, and we certainly have to have general patraeus testifying openly and with granted immunity. lou: very quickly, out of time. fascinating listening to your mind work. the president said on the night of the attack his orders were to his national security team to do ever is necessary to save american lives. your reaction. >> well, that to happen. very quickly we didn't use the resources we have in theater.
7:40pm
×
you had that hundred and 30 man marine force three gun team. they weren't used. f-16 aircraft which could have been there in an hour-and-a-half . we had the pentagon timeline that said that they stood up to marine counter terrorist teams, but the first team took 23 hours to go 800 miles to get to tripoli. i can go around the world in 23 hours. the second team was never sent because they said all the americans were out of the consulate. that makes no sense. we left it open. we should have been secured. this is u.s. territory. that prevented the fbi from getting in there for over three weeks. when the fbi did get there they did a lousy job by leaving have the documents that were left they're scattered around.
7:41pm
×
>> it is always worth while listening to you, and we appreciated. come back soon. up next. lou: romney lost the election. political foes. and coming up tomorrow here, house oversight committee member republican congressman, new york times best selling author, for the unofficial among my guests. stay with us. the "a-team" returns. i'm a conservative investor.
7:42 eenses. read and consider it carefully before investing.
7:43pm
×
you walk into a nventional mattress store, it's really not about you. we have so much technology in our store to really show the customers what's going on wh their bodies. you can see a little more pressure in the shoulders and in the hips. ... now you can feel what happens as we ise your sleep number settingnd allow the bed to contour to your individual shape. oh, wow. that feels really good. at sleep number we've created a collection of innovations dedicated to individualizing your comfort. the sleep number collection, designed around the innovative sleep number bed - a bed th dualair technology that allows you to adjust to the exact comfort your body needs. each of your bodies. so whatever you feelike, sleep number's going to provide it for you. during the final days of our semi-annual sleep sale, save $500 on our classic series special edition bed set plus special financing on selected beds but hurry sale ends sunday. you'll only find the innovative sleep number bed at one of our 400 stores, where queen mattresses start at just $699.
7:44 ery purchase, every day! what's in your wallet? here's your invoice. ♪ lou: remember when democrats hated governor romney and his economic proposals? well, not so much anymore. said bennett to the budget committee chairman tells the new york times there is renewed interest in one of the governor's proposals at least, and that is capping income tax reductions and a flat $17,000. when governor romney suggested that back in october the
7:45pm
×
president ridiculed it as a sketchy deal. not so sketchy anymore. are the india of, well, taking a look at the tax expenditures and adjusting a few write offs and deductions. russian state media, apparently the source to turn to these days reporting president obama will be visiting russia after being invited by russian president vladimir kitchen. reportedly extended the invitation during a call to congratulate the president on his reelection. the date is not been agreed to. the white house has not confirmed the trip, so until then we are hitting the president's travel itinerary from the kremlin. up next to my general patraeus agrees to testify before congress behind closed doors. he spends a lot of time behind closed doors. igniting speculation he would contradict the white house. the "a-team" returns in just one moment. next.
7:46pm
×
7:47pm
×
7:48pm
×
7:49pm
×
♪ lou: we are back with the "a-team," and we're going to continue to focus and include what admiral lions had to speculate about the purpose for ambassador stephens being in benghazi on september 11th. we are joined again by pulitzer prize-winning journalist, fox is triggered from the former u.s. ambassador to the united nations, fox middle east affairs analyst. i want to add, if i may, take a look at this video. israel today retaliated against her mom's for their attacks against a particular southern israel.
7:50pm
×
what you're watching is ahead of hamas being taken out. killed in that attack. and this video showing the devastation that resulted in the effectiveness of the israeli response. john bolton, are you surprised and do you believe this is a proportionate response to what has been, and we should include, a strike against 20 sites as well. d.c. this as proportionate and, perhaps by a foundation for further military action by the israelis? >> i do, and it shows real-time intelligence and good name besides. look, this has been forecast for some time. israel has given several warnings. it's not going to put up with the increase in violence coming out of the gaza strip to be a lot of people have referred back operation cassolette in 2008. let's not forget, israel feels threatened, both from gaza and on its northern border given the
7:51pm
×
increasing anarchy inside syria and the potential the spillover into lebanon and across israel's border. much like the squeeze they felt in 2006. i think we're entering into a time of real danger and potential hostilities on both sides of the israeli border. lou: your thoughts. >> the brigade, the commander of which was killed by the israelis , are really the strategic army of hamas. my concern is that hamas has to a strategic alliances, one basically with the muslim brotherhood now in charge of egypt, but more importantly with the iranian regime. hamas is escalating against the israelis was prompted their response to put pressure on israel and divert the attention from syria. that is the way to get out of the syrian complex situation. this is a challenge to the administration. what would you do if israel takes out the hamas military leader?
7:52pm
×
it's a big question. lou: and a question that we're going to turn to judy miller for the answer when we come back. is this a strategic response that will drive straight at the heart of the iranians and put in jeopardy their strategy in the region? how much danger kuwait's all of us as a result? back with the "a-team" in just moments. look, if you have copd like me,
7:53pm
×
you know it can be hard to breathe, and how that feels. copd includes chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
7:54pm
×
spiriva helps control my copd symptoms by keeping my airways open for 24 hours. plus, it reduces copd flare-s.. [ engine revs ] ♪
7:55pm. well, having a ton of locations doesn't hurt. and my daughter loves the santa. oh, ah sir. that is a customer. let's not tell mom. [ male announcer ] break from the holiday stress. fedex office. maybe you want to incorporate a business. orrotect your family with a will or living trust. and you'd like the help of an attorney. at legalzoom a legal plan attorney is available in most states with every personalized document to answer questions. get start at legalzoom.com today. and now you're protected.
7:56pm
×
7:57pm
×
7:58pm
×
. lou: the decision of made not, not to save those americans, your reaction? >> look, the center of the whole affair, basically is why was this a decision in some shape or form for forces in libya and around not to intervene in defense of the compound, knowing in first hour, reports were there the compound was attacked by heavy weaponry it is very basic. what gave the orders for the units that the admiral was talking about not to get in time to engage the enemy, whatever the consequences are. >> president said he gave orders to do whatever needed to be done
7:59pm
×
to protect the people there. well, what happened? where is the nen comp at the prt confidence issue? did they not get the memo? or did they not follow out that order. lou: are we in agreement that hearing with petraeus should be open to the american people. ambassador very quickly? your thought. >> yes, absolutely. >> absolutely, no question. lou: i'm a journalist. >> i am in favor of transparency. lou: so too this administration, we were led to believe, thank thank you all. >> now time for your comments, tom said, what an embarrassing news conference today, did they serve the kool aid before they started? karen tweeted, iBeing on vacation and staying in is great. I am able to sleep in until 7:30 or 8 am! I can do as much yoga as my body allows me. I can watch all kinds of cooking shows and news on the Food Network that I usually don’t get to see. And, of course, I can cook all kinds of deliciousness that I don’t usually have time for.
As the temperatures fell to -15 C and snow fell all over the city, I wanted nothing more than to cuddle up on the couch with a steaming bowl of comforting curry. Curry has really become our comfort food and my go to when I don’t know what to make for dinner. Curry is fantastic, provided you have all the spices available. I stocked up on dried spices on our trip to India. They traveled with me from India to Korea, and now to Mongolia. All the spices provide such a great tool for creativity in cooking. Depending on how much of what you mix, a different masala is created. Today, I happened to have a pumpkin in the fridge. I thought it would mix great with the flavours of fennel. Off they went into the curry.
I have a confession to make; I like chopping. Yes, yes, I like chopping vegetables. I am a chopper. It is so soothing and relaxing. I think of absolutely nothing when I chop. It is a form of meditation sort of. I like chopping and line all the chopped vegetables on the chopping board before I begin to cook them. Weird? I don’t think so.
Ingredients:
Spice mix
1/2 tbsp cumin
5 cloves
2 cardamom pods, cracked and emptied
mace from one nutmeg
1/2 tsp fennel seeds
2 tsp coriander seeds
1/2 tsp cinnamon
1/2 tsp Himalayan pink salt
1 tsp black pepper
1/2 tsp chilli pepper flakes
1 bay leaf
Gravy
1 tbsp coconut oil
1/2 onion, chopped
3 cm of raw ginger, shredded
3 tomatoes, pureed
1 tsp turmeric powder
1/2 tsp garam masala
1/2 c of very thick coconut cream
1 c water
1/2 small pumpkin, chopped into cubes
1/2 block of firm tofu, chopped into cubes
Directions:
1. First, make the spice mix. Mix cumin-pepper flakes in a mortar and pestle and crush them until powder form. You can alternatively use the spices whole. It is, after all, what I did for years before finally finding a mortal and pestle I liked. Just make sure to fish all the whole spices out before serving, unless you don’t mind them. I left them in.
2. Heat the oil in a pan. Toast the spices in the oil for a minute or two.
3. Add the onion and cook until translucent.
4. Add the ginger and cook until toasted.
5. Add the tomato puree and turmeric. Cook until a thick paste is formed by water evaporation.
6. Add the water and the pumpkin. Cook for about 5 minutes.
7. Add the tofu. Cook for 5 minutes and add the garam masala.
8. Taste. Do you need any salt? Mine did.
9. Once the pumpkin is cooked, add the coconut cream.
10. The curry should be cooked for about 10 minutes on low heat. Once it is done, cover with a lid and let rest for an hour.
This is a slow food. Cook it slowly to maximize the flavours. Savor it when you eat it. Taste everything in the bite; the warmth of the spices and the slight acidity of the pumpkin. Enjoy a relaxed evening.
Love and light,
M
Jess A/ October 23, 2013
I just got some little sugar pumpkins…I can totally make this!
Also Maria your photos are amazing! What lens do you use for these?
search engine optimization/ December 24, 2013 enjoy writing
but it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes tend to be wasted just trying to figure out how to begin.
Any ideas or hints? Many thanks!
thenerdynomad86/ December 26, 2013
I just sit down and do it. That’s why I don’t do it often because I have to be in the mood. I just write what is true.
Pearlene/ January 17, 2014
You are so cool! I don’t believe I’ve truly read something like this before.
So nice to find somebody with a few genuine thoughts on this subject matter.
Seriously.. many thanks for starting this up. This site is
something that is needed on the internet, someone with a bit of originality!
thenerdynomad86/ January 18, 2014
Thanks! January 26, 2014
Howdy! This is my first visit to your blog!
We are a group of volunteers and starting
a new project in a community in the same niche.
Your blog provided us valuable information to work on.
You have done a wonderful job!(Thunderbolt) is to slow have a VIDEO card + the HDD's running over it. One video card can max out the bus on it's own. So there will need to be a PCI-e link at least X16 + other smaller links + sata pass though as well. and on the xenon systems likely at a min dual X16 + other links.
9/27/12 at 6:28amAll hotels in Shenzhen, China
1 room, 2 adults
Tiansha IC Industrial Garden, Yi Yuan Road, Majialong, Shenzhen, Guangdong, 518052, China, 0203 027 9779
Sentosa Hotel, Shenzhen
Lowest price£33
Best Price Guarantee
Upscale hotel in Nanshan with restaurant
- Free Internet
Main amenities
- 138 guestrooms
- Restaurant
- Air conditioning
- Meeting room
- Luggage storage
- Tour/ticket assistance
What’s around
- In Nanshan
- Xin'an Nantou Ancient City (1 mi / 1.6 km)
- Zhongshan Park (1.2 mi / 2 km)
Good
You can almost smell the freshness of this newly opened hotel which situated near the Tao Yuan subway station of line 1, in a walking distance. Off the busy street sited on a side…
TripAdvisor Traveller Rating: 3.5
From 8 reviews
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 020 3027 9803from £33
- Business Room, 1 Queen Bed
- Superior Room
- Business Suite, 1 Queen Bed
- Superior Room, 2 Single Beds
Recommended hotels
Nearby Four Star Shenzhen hotels
In the hotel
Food and drink
- Breakfast (surcharge)
- Restaurant
Working away
- Conference space size (feet) - 1453
- Conference space size (meters) - 135
- One meeting room
Services
- Tours/ticket assistance
- Luggage storage
In the room
Home comforts
- Air conditioning
- Slippers
Freshen up
- Shower only
- Free toiletries
Be entertained
- TV
- Satellite TV channels
Stay connected
- Free wired high-speed Internet
- Phone
Food and drink
- Refrigerator
More
- In-room safe
Top Shenzhen hotels
Recently reviewed hotels in Shenzhen
-Onsite venue - This restaurant specializes in Chinese cuisine.
Sentosa Hotel, Shenzhen’s small printJohn A.
Male, Dublin
Member since 18 Feb 10
- 189 reviews
- 2 friends
- 1865 profile hits
- 72354 review hits
658 points
Trust Barometer
Am I a trustworthy, reliable & useful reviewer? You decide & vote below!
Trustworthy 33%
Untrustworthy 67%
3 total votes cast
John's
Hall of Fame Reviews
John has no Hall of Fame reviews this week.
John's offers.
John has no recommended offers at the moment.City Council Speaker Christine Quinn (D-Manhattan), Democratic front-runner for mayor, said Thursday no commuter should have to spend more than one hour getting to work and her administration would work to that end.
Quinn spoke at Fiorello H. LaGuardia Community College in Long Island City.
She told of a woman she called Judy of Far Rockaway. who.”
Quinn said the problem for commuters is that the New York City transit system is obsolete.
”Next October our transportation system will be 110 miles old,” Quinn said “when the subway started running in 1904, there were about four million people in New York City and over half of them lived in Manhattan.”
“Fewer than 200,000 lived in Queens.”
She said that in the 1950s nearly 70 percent of the private sector jobs in New York City were located in Manhattan and the subways helped move people accordingly. Fast forward to today. Manhattan accounts for less than one fifth of the total population of the city, nearly 2.3 million live in Queens and close to 2.6 million in Brooklyn. She said in the past 20 years Manhattan had suffered a net loss of jobs, while all other boroughs had gained jobs.
“But the system still runs as though the majority of New Yorkers still live and work in Manhattan,” she said.,
Quinn said New York City should take over the Metropolitan Transportation Authority with the mayor in charge. One of her potential opponents is Joseph Lhota, former chairman of the MTA, who resigned to enter the mayoral race on the Republican line.
She proposed adding a voting representative of the riding public to the MTA board “to give riders real, meaningful input on their transit system.”
In the coming four years, she would also establish 10 new Select Bus Service (buses with pre-boarding ticketing and lanes forbidden to other vehicles) routes in Staten, Island, the Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens. Such bus lines cost around $1 million per mile rather the $1 billion per mile which subways cost.
She would also use public transportation to fuel new development and extend Metro-North and ferry service in the city.
©2013 Community News Group(Series 14, Ep.8) Good grief, I’ve been tardy with the review this week. I’d like to say it’s because I’ve been away in Penrith visiting Joseph Byrne, but that would be a lie because (a) he’s fictional and (b) I haven’t.
Anyway, on with the business at hand. Following the previous week’s revelations about Dan and his complicated sexuality, Chrissie was, unsurprisingly, having a few doubts about their future together. She thought it might help if she got The Malick to clarify one or two points, but he clarified a bit too much when she realised that Malick and Dan’s locker room moment was about five minutes before Chrissie and Dan’s store room moment, which was (romantic, this) Their First Time. Chrissie had thought Dan was all combusting with lust over her, but now realises that the fire was actually started by Malick. Frankly, it’s not a flattering thought.
She had a wedding dress to try on (in the beautiful city of St Albans), and who better to take with her (since she doesn’t have any female friends) than the wonderful Sacha and their mutual child Daniel. Sacha was absolutely glorious, trying on a veil, giving a lovely rendition of something from Fiddler on the Roof in quite an acceptable baritone and just generally being adorable. How can Chrissie not see that Dan, whether gay, straight, bi or whatever, will never be half the wonderful human being Sacha is?
Henrik Hanssen treated us to a bit of Swedish this week, and he wanted to treat Sahira Shah the Registrah to a bit more Swedish by taking her to Sweden to a medical conference. She was going to go as well, because apparently the Stockholm opera house takes her breath away, but then she realised it was her wedding anniversary. So she told Hanssen he’d have to go on his own. Jac did volunteer her services. “I have a glittering array of pre-dinner anecdotes in my arsenal,” she said, and I can quite imagine she has. Hanssen, however, felt he would rather be accompanied by someone who didn’t have the temperament of “a disgruntled barracuda.” Jac thinks she and Hanssen are rather alike, what with being cool, logical types who don’t go all shouty and emotional the whole time like certain registrahs. They’d work well together. Hanssen was less convinced. “It’d be like staring into the abyss,” he said, with the tiniest shudder.
And Chantelle failed her driving test, which made her go all sensible and unsmiley for about five minutes, until Ric Griffin harnessed her sunshine to take care of a patient and she realised that being a joy spreader is her main specialism. And somehow she managed to get Ric Griffin to agree to give her driving lessons. Well, he didn’t so much agree as fail to disagree, which was enough of a green light for Chantelle. “Should I kiss you?” she grinned at the grizzled general surgeon. “Not… necessarily,” he told her.
Posted by PLA (more Holby City here)
11 responses to “Holby City: Chrissie wants to believe Dan, but…”
Waaaah!!! PLA I’ve been waiting for you!
Wonderful episode this week. What with Sachas dancing and general goofiness that would make ANY girl smile, and Malick dishing the dirty details on his forays with Dan (bout time too if you ask me – theyre meant to be friends!).
The Shah Drama is a little old now, even if it did give Hanssen and oppurtunity to practice his native tongue to his delighted sqeualing protege (in his chair too!) now thats favouritsm if ever I saw it. Hes taking Sahira,and no-one else. If Sahira says no, he goes alone. What oppurtunity does that leave the rest of the Darwin team to do, oh anything? Even Gregs getting fed up. Hes not getting cases on him being the best man for the job no, hes getting them because Hanssens already tried Sahira and shes not interested. Thats pretty insulting tbf. And to the wonderfully charming handsome Dr Greg! Whats Hanssen thinking.
Jac treated us to a range of adorable facial expressions this week. Shes so cute! And honestly, I’d prefer my doc/surgeon/ruler of the universe to be cool and logical and do the best medical thing using the best sound medical judgement, rather than not being objective or seeing whats really going on because, oh, theyre a nice person with pretty hair and couldnt possibly be mean. At least Jac can see all angles of a situation, and mentally put the pieces together. And when she cant she damn well makes the pieces fit even if they dont! Lol. But you know what I’m saying right PLA? (I know I’m biased being a Jacfanforever and all that, but even besides that, she IS the better surgeon. She SHOULD go to the conference. If it was Connie as DoS still then she wouldve picked Jac. *folds arms and huffs*)
Of *course* Jac is the better surgeon. And I so agree with you about her facial expressions. Guy Henry gets (quite rightly) loads of credit for his subtle acting skills, but Rosie Marcel turns in genius performances week after week. And she has the most beautiful eyes. Sometimes I wonder whether the Holby actors who play surgeons are chosen partly for how good their eyes look peering over the top of a surgical mask. Connie, Joseph, Michael Spence, Oliver Valentine, Jac – *gorgeous* eyes, the lot of them.
But then, see, you have Irish Dr Greg’s prime asset hidden behind that same mask. Since secreting appears to come naturally to even this most “beautiful nose”, I guess a cover-up in close-up is both good manners and an efficient use of NHS supplies.
(Hey, hey, PLA
CL has not been away.
Just couldn’t fink
Of nuffing to say).
CL, I’ve missed you! It’s not like you to be lurking silently when there’s issues of Holby-wide importance to be debated.
Sorry Pause.
I think it’s because I’ve been a lovesick mooncalf, struck dumb by all those gorgeous eyes and noses dancing coquettishly about the place. Ooh, and that scene from a few weeks back when a semi-topless Jac clamped herself to a locker while the bones-bound Valentine had it out with her.
CL
I thought this episode was brilliant. Re Chrissie and Dan – well Dan should just pack his bags now. It’s doomed! And Sacha is just so cute in this episode!
But as for Sahira. First of all still waiting for this dark history thing. If it is just simply that he was hard on her for her own good then they should sack the writers for giving me false hope of juicy gossip!
But god she is dense that girl! So the big guy, who no one can get within 3 foot of normally lets her sit in his chair like a little school girl, goes all bashful when she tells him he will be mesmerising, pretends nay teases her that he doesn’t know how her name got on that bit of paper and just generally looks pleased with himself (and so he should he could have been on a promise there…anyway I digress!). Then she has to be reminded that it is her wedding anniversary by a well dodgy text (who the hell sends texts like that? If my husband had sent me one like that I would have said “Yeah and I’m off to Sweden”) and goes all “I can’t go Henwik” . Of course he knows she is an emotional whim fancier so he goes ahead and books tickets – an action which the dodgy text sending husband concurs with.
And then because he solves the mystery she goes all huffy on him and when he says look I’m not trying to prove I’m right here she launches into what can only be the most roundabout way of saying “Henrik do you wuv me?” And he isn’t going to fall for that! Even though given half a chance he would be in there! And when he doesn’t fall for that she gets more huffy! Just found the writing a bit laughable for her to say they were not friends *QUOI?* Who else buys his lunch and takes the tomatoes out for him, and knows that he will potentially sacrifice a whole ward to stop her moving ‘oop north’. “We’re not work mates”. No one else speaks to him the way she does. She spends enough time with him. Give the bloke a chance girl! He isn’t going to declare his undying love for you until probably the day you leave or a few weeks before and that’s why you go! This scene irritated me except for some lovely Guy Henry acting again!
But I feel that Sahira has a rival for her affections waiting in the wings! And I know there are those out there that believe Mr Hanssen is above having a sex life (I am not one of those…I think about it frequently! Hangs my head in shame!) but I think something maybe stirring between him and Miss Naylor!
Mind you I was pleased he redeemed himself with Sahira (and Greg) at the end. It certainly wrong footed her!
But all in all fab episode and I hope that there are some decent resolutions to these story lines soon.
You, Madam, speak sense.
Incidentally, I was floored by Greg’s line of “you have no idea what that woman has done for you” (or words to that effect). Erm, and what would THAT be, exactly? Grudgingly and huffingly acknowledge that Henrik might be having a tough time with the entire hospital threatening to collapse around him? Gracefully decide to tune down the incessant whining for a bit? Oh, hey, HEROIC stuff. Just…just take your “mumsy” swearing attempts, Sahira, and go away.
And ooh! Jac and Henrik would be pretty steamy. Quite bony though, mind. Either way, for the love of God, someone, SOMEONE has to appear as Hanssen’s love interest (a proper, non-manipulative whinemonster one). The man is a walking symbol of Unresolved Sexual Tension! Which has to be resolved! Sexily! And he finally needs a decent story line, the Sahira thing has been stretched to breaking point. And more sarcasm and brilliance. AND THAT IS WHAT I THINK ABOUT THE DIRECTION OF THIS SERIES. So there.
Sooooo agree
Awww, I love how Greg’s always protecting Sahira. I was waiting for sooooo long!!!
My fave bit, and obviously you loved it too, was that little banter between Jac and Hanssen featuring the “disgruntled barracuda” and “staring into the abyss” soundbites. Brilliant!
Ohhhhh please script writers of Holby City make a decision…and quickly! Hanssen and Sahira (dah dah dahhhhhhhhhh)….plot will either die a death………or before she departs the series, there will be some steamy encounter..where she THEN feels oblijed to leave! I just hope it happens sooner rather than later…..OR…not at all. As someone has already suggested, Jac Naylor and Hanssen….(pause) Nahhhhhh….i really don’t see that…far too similar…although beneath both lions do lie the hearts of lambs!! Enter a newbie to the series with any luck..someone that sweeps Henrik off his expensively shoed feet!Voted Most Tunable!Size Tested: 8, 10 mStyle: Four line SLE Open CanopyThe new Slingshot RPM delivers maximum versatility without sacrificing an ounce of performance. The highly tunable and compact bridle system is framed by the new open “C” canopy give the RPM chameleon like capability of a kite that can excel at unhooked freestyle riding, yet transform in condition to hit the freeride wave and terrain park. Control Bar and Safety SystemSee Octane reviewOn The WaterThe RPM steps up to the plate for unhooked performance that rivals the top C kites on the market. Compared to Octane the RPM feels more lively and is definitely attractive to the advanced wakestyle or freestyle rider. The new bar works effectively with the RPM and it really offers the quick and smooth adjustments of the trim line and the beefy swivel works effortlessly. The squared wing tips and powerful open C canopy deliver direct steering, good power generation through the turns and smooth kite loop action. The multiple bridle and wing tip attachment points transforms the RPM feel for a greater range of performance set-up this year. For unhooked sessions, the team preferred the freestyle setting with medium amounts of bar pressure and turning speed. The RPM has tremendous amounts of pop and great pull unhooked, giving good drift and loft with smooth landings on unhooked jumps. The RPM sits well forward in the wind window and has plenty of depower to make this a more than capable unhooked wave kite. It could also easily compete against the full-on wakestyle realm with its smooth unhooked pull and good amounts of control. This is a great kite for unhooked park riding, unhooked wave riding and powered freestyle. It has all the elements of control of the most popular C kites on the market but brings versatility with good tuning character which can enhance the depower and wind range. Reality CheckThe RPM delivers on its promises but some found the bar’s grip was harder on the hands than others. Bottom LineThe RPM delivers excellent C-kite pull and unhooked performance for the most demanding freestyle riders. It has enough depower and good quick steering to make it a versatile travel companion in your quiver.[discussion refers to booting a 4/260 diskless] According to Bob: > >I think maybe the problem is some sort of kernel loader for the sparc. > This was a suggestion that I received from Chuck in a previous discussion about booting diskless. Due to some deadlines, I have not had the chance to try this out. Let me know if this does the trick... >> My advice is to get it up diskless first. The stuff on your >> PC should be good enough to boot it. The one thing you will >> need is the second level bootstrap (/tftpboot/boot.sun4). Do you >> have access to that? You can get it from any SunOS machine that >> boots diskless by tftp. >> hope this helps, cheers alex -- Alex Dumitru - Independent Consultant (Unix, X11, Motif, Tcl/Tk) Unisys Canada Inc., Geographic Information Systems R&D 61 Middlefield Road, Scarborough, Ontario, Canada M1S-5A9Mohs Surgery
What is Mohs micrographic surgery (MMS)? Why is the procedure called Mohs?
Mohs micrographic surgery is a surgical procedure and special method of removing skin cancers using local anesthesia  tumor map is drawn by the Mohs surgeon. The freezing process allows an immediate examination of the entire tumor margin and tissue histology (microscopic examination of cells).
If more cancer cells are seen under the microscope, then another skin layer is removed and again examined. Each skin layer that is removed is called a "level." If no more cancer cells are seen, then it is called "clear" (no more tumor) undersurface of each skin cancer layer is carefully examined under the microscope for the presence of very small cancer cells. With regular or traditional surgery, only about 1%-3% of the tumor margins are actually examined, thereby increasing the chances that a small tumor cluster would be missed and left behind. Mohs allows for examination of 100% of the tumor margins thereby reducing the chance that tumor.
MedicineNet.com
Cancer
Get the latest treatment options.GUANGZHOU, China -- Laura Robson became the first British woman in 22 years to reach a WTA final when she defeated third-seeded Sorana Cirstea of Romania 6-4, 6-2 at the Guangzhou Open.
The 74th-ranked Robson is coming off a successful summer. She won the mixed doubles silver medal with Andy Murray at the London Olympics, and defeated Kim Clijsters and Li Na to reach the last 16 at the U.S. Open.With its massive grille, short greenhouse and rear-hinged rear doors, Hyundai says the HCD-14 Genesis is more about conceptual design than practical production.
- Full CoverageRight Now
Dynamic Hyundai concept hints at future design, technologyUPDATED 3:16 PM CST Jan 14, 2013
- Advertising
- Latest from 40/29 News
- Advertising40/29 FavoritesIf you're having a hard time wrapping your head around the drama regarding Ireland's national zombie Anglo Irish Bank, and why the government can't just backstop it and end all the uncertainty, read this editorial in the Irish Times demanding that the ECB just take care of Anglo Irish itself.
As the paper sees it, the only reason Anglo Irish Bank hasn't been allowed to fail already is because the government wants to appease the ECB, which has decided that no eurozone bank be allowed to fail, lest that create a crisis of confidence across the already-fragile system.
Strip away the drivel and the spinning and this is the one truth left standing. At least if we clarify this much, we can also clarify the nature of the decision that now faces us.
The choice is now stark: do we go on being “good Europeans” at the cost of destroying our own society or do we become “bad Europeans”, lose the trust of some of our European partners, but save ourselves?
There are costs to be paid whichever choice we make, but we know which side we have to pick. In the appalling state we’re in, there is just one rational course of action: tell the ECB that if it wants Anglo to survive, it can save it.
Otherwise, we are calling in the bondholders and negotiating a debt-for-equity swap in which this brat becomes their baby.
So you see, in addition to the pure math of whether the Irish government can bail out Anglo Irish or not (we're guessing it probably can), it's obviously hitting a raw spot with regards to the country's relationship with Europe.
Of course, that's what we saw, also, in Greece, when, during the worst of its crisis, politicians blamed Germans for all of its problems (somehow we suspect that when the Irish are telling Europe to shove it, what they really mean is that they want Germans to shove it).
And of course, that's why you're seeing opeds like the latest from Martin Wolf, arguing that the Germans need to realize that the EU is good for them, because increasingly the feeling from everyone else is that the Germans are acting aloof, and unneighborly.
Remember, during the TARP debate, the 2008 Presidential elections made things even trickier than they would have been. Here the political divides literally threaten to upend the whole political system.I’m sorry I can’t hear you over your cargo shorts. Don’t care if you ripped every Phillies fans nuts out in 2011 during our last legitimate chance to win the WS and you’ve been in the championship game every year since, this is the prime example why people don’t like St. Louis and their fans. It has nothing to do with the team being good. It’s the douchefest cockiness involving awful songs, stupid sayings and queer rally squirrels. Extreme Meth Damon and talentless Paul Simon can go fuck themselves under the Arch. Let’s go LA.
Actually beyond SHOCKED TBS didn’t pick up this tune to play 1,305,394,232 during every single broadcast. Still 1000000x better than that Kid Rock crap they used three years ago. That should be given the key of the city to Detroit and lock himself inside that shit box forever.
Also have an dangerous amount of unwarranted hatred towards the bitch that waddles in the background at :47.
Fire of a thousand suns.
Property of Barstool Sports 2015You must fill out fields marked with: *
Your recommendation has been sent to your librarian.
We report measurements of the osmotic susceptibility and mutual diffusion coefficient of solutions of charged bovine serum albumin molecules made using laser light scattering. The measurements were made as a function of solution ionic strength for various macromolecular charge states ranging from −4e to −13e. We find that the osmotic susceptibility data may be interpreted quantitatively in terms of the simple Verwey–Overbeek interaction potential, provided that adequate care is taken in computing the radial distribution function. Current theoretical treatments of the dynamics, with hydrodynamicinteractions included to first order in the concentration, are found to deviate significantly (≲50%) from the diffusion coefficient data. The deviations occur under all conditions of charge and ionic strength for which the susceptibility has been reduced to less than half the ideal gas value.
Commenting has been disabled for this content
Data & Media loading...
Article metrics loading...
Full text loading...
Website © 2015 AIP Publishing LLC. Article
Use the links on this page to find existing content.
Commenting has been disabled for this contentTitle: Happily Ever After High School by Savannah Ostler
Genre: YA – Fantasy/Clean Teen
Publisher: Mythos Press
Page count: 355
Format: EPUB
Publication Date: January 16, 2015
Rating – 4/5 – I really liked it!.
Hello and welcome to stop on the tour for Happily Ever After High School. Thank you to Savannah Ostler and Ravenswood Publishing for letting me participate and read this book for an honest review!
Happily Ever After High School was a really cute, fun story about a girl named Albany who is fed up with her life both at home and at school and prefers to lose herself in the world of fairy tales. When her father dies suddenly, she is sent to live with her grandmother and begins her senior year at a new schol HEAHS which she soon finds out stands for Happily Ever After High School. Right when she enters the school she knows that this is where she is supposed to be. It is a place where fairy tales come alive and where Albany finds herself not only in true love but she also finds herself thrust into the shoes of a heroine.
Happily Ever After High School was a super cute story and a fun light read. I really like the play on words there with the title, the school and the ending of the book. I ended up giving the book a 4 star review which means that I really liked it. I found it an enjoyable story, I think the plot was a good one but I just couldn’t get past my problems with Albany. To me she seems alot younger than seventeen by the way she talks and acts, I would guess fifteen at least. I started getting into the book about midway, I feel like at that point the writing takes a different turn. At the beginning there were alot of clipped sentences but I love that in some books and in others it’s hard to get past. I also didn’t really get into the narrative flow at first, it seems more like Albany’s journal which makes sense to me at the end of the book when we find that she is definitely telling us a story but even then it feels like a story that’s rather than being written for us, is being told to us in person. I think this is due to the asides that come every once in awhile. I really did like how her wanting to write came to fruition at the end of the book when we realize that the book we have in our hands is the fruit of the conversation between her and Ben. That was really cool.
I also loved that Albany wasn’t a typical fit-in-with-the-princesses main character and that she didn’t fall for the stereotypical handsome prince. I liked that the princesses were snobs which when you think about it they probably would be if we knew them in real life (maybe). Cinderella is my favorite fairy tale and I really wanted to punch her descendant in the face for literally, all of this book which was interesting!
This book also had elements that I think should be in most fantasies like dragons, swords, magic, intrigue, romance, and all manner of fantastical creatures like centaurs and unicorns. One thing I can definitely say that I liked alot is that it wasn’t ever predictable which was really great. I really wished though that the fight scene between Albany, Ben and the Dragon had been longer, that it taken Albany and Ben just a little bit longer to fall in love and that the book was longer! I think that would have kicked it up to my loving it even more. Overall this book was a good read…a cute and quirky YA Fantasy title that may serve as a really good introduction to fantasy romance for a teen interested in the genre. If there is a second one, I would read it.KIRKUS REVIEW
In Jabar’s smudgy, action-filled illustrations for this MathStart entry, Zoe is a charming, freckled “greatest gymnast of them all”—in her own words—and demonstrates her expertise while introducing opposites: over, under, high, low, backward, forward, up, down, inside, outside, near, far. She tumbles across the mat, along the balance beam, and around the high bar. Adults looking on will have to hope that this is all in Zoe’s imagination, for she performs without spotters; more importantly, Murphy (Lemonade for Sale, 1998, etc.) never links the idea of opposites to math. An exuberant concept book on its own, it may confuse those looking for math-oriented enlightenment. (Picture book. 3-5)Coastal Forecast
A 24 hour weather forecast for 24 UK coastal areas
Tide Tables
Tidal information supplied by the UK Hydrographic Office
Inshore Waters
There are strong wind warnings in 6 areas.
There is a gale warning in 1 area.
High pressure near the Azores and areas of low pressure moving eastwards from Iceland to Norway will maintain a changeable westerly pattern across the United Kingdom for the next couple of days.
Shipping Forecast
There are gale warnings in 8 areas.
The general synopsis at 0600
Low Norwegian Sea 991 moving away northeastwards. High Azores, 1034, slow moving, intensifying 1038 by 0600 tomorrow
Extended Outlook
The Extended Outlook aims to signpost expected hazards for the Cullercoats, Niton and Portpatrick areas for the three days beyond the 24 hour shipping forecast.
High Seas
The general synopsis at 22 May 07:00 UTC
At 220000UTC, low 67 north 05 west 991 moving steadily northeast and losing its identity near 70 north 11 east by 230000UTC. High 40 north 26 west 1036 expected 40 north 31 west 1038 by same time. New low expected 63 north 38 west 990 by that time. High 46 north 17 west 1036 dissipatingShirley, Jon H.
(1963)
Interaction of a quantum system with a strong oscillating field.
Dissertation (Ph.D.), California Institute of Technology.
The problem of the interaction of a quantum system having discrete states, with a classical oscillating field, is reexamined as a problem in the solution of the time-dependent Schrodinger equation with a periodic Hamiltonian. A method is presented for approximating the time-dependent Hamiltonian with a time-independent one in the weak oscillating field case. With the aid of Floquet's theorem the problem is exactly converted to one with a time-independent Hamiltonian represented by an infinite matrix. The approximation of only two states then permits finding the resonance line shape by perturbation theory for both single and multiple quantum transitions with equal ease. The simple case of only two states connected by an off diagonal sinusoidal perturbation is studied in detail, and a complete description of the average transition probability is found for the strong oscillating field case. A few more complex cases are discussed. A deeper understanding of the analysis is obtained by examining the theory with the oscillating field quantized. Experimental verification of the theory could best be obtained by the methods of atomic beam spectroscopy at radio frequencies.
Repository Staff Only: item control pageListening to:
capsule - Dreamin' Boy
Suggest a DD!
Skin by ginkgografix
Not sure how many of you remember reddaverocker, but he was a pretty recognizable name in dA's literature community a few years back. He just shared some pretty major news on his Facebook page. The world rights to his YA trilogy, entitled The Borrowed Dark, has been picked up by Puffin Books, a large and long-standing name in the book publishing industry.
You can read a full article about it here!
Dave's writing is stellar, and although he stopped submitting his work to deviantART, it was for publishing reasons (which, as you can tell, paid off for him
28 March (102lbs) Harry McDermott w co 7 (20) Jack Guyon, Standard Theatre, Gateshead, England
28 March (102lbs) Harry McDermott w co 7 (20) Jack Guyon, Standard Theatre, Gateshead, England. Referee: Ed Plummer. Billed for the English 102lbs title, neither man wasted much time in getting going and although Guyon (101½) was much taller than McDermott (102) the latter looked very strong at the weight. The first six rounds saw Guyon picking up the points with some tidy boxing, but at the start of the seventh it was noticeable that McDermott meant business. Making a play for Guyon’s stomach and ribs finally produced dividends that McDermott took full advantage of when dropping the Londoner twice with rights to the jaw, the second occasion being for the full count.
Another billed 102lbs title bout for McDermott (101¾), this time against Ted Beach (101½), had to be cancelled following the weigh-in after Beach went down with gastro-enteritis on 28 November 1898.Little action apparent on toxic tailings six months after Hungary red mud disaster.
A biomass plantation is now planned for these fields to make biogas and green electricity. Locals are starting to accept the idea, but are still looking for investors.
Wildlife and fishlife were totally devastated or displaced from the area, and six months later, the banks of the Marcal and Torna are still red. Currently, toxic soil is being removed from the banks of the rivers.
“Legislation was amended to add red sludge reservoirs to the category of buildings for which stricter requirements are necessary and to make mining inspectorates the responsible authority for the management of mining waste as opposed to local municipalities, which had no capacity or knowledge to
complete this task. ," said Gábor Figeczky, CEO of WWF-Hungary.
"But no other measures were taken to prevent other similar disasters from happening.”
Threat posed by dozens if not hundreds of similar sites
"Six months after Hungary’s worst environmental disaster, we still cannot be sure of the threat posed by dozens if not hundreds similar sites throughout the region," said Andreas Beckmann, Director of the WWF Danube-Carpathian Programme.
"WWF calls on the European Commission and national governments to urgently undertake a comprehensive review of risky sites as well as of existing legislation and measures in order to ensure that such a disaster does not happen again”,
“There are close to 20 tailings dams in Bulgaria alone. Some of them have been decommissioned, but the heavy metals are still buried in the ground and pose a potential significant threat to human health and nature, particularly because many of them are situated next to rivers and the pollution can spread quickly.” he added.
The biggest tailings dam in the Balkans is Medet. Situated above the town of Pirdop in central Bulgaria, it contains 200 million tones of heavy metals residues. The dam was built in the basin of Topolnitsa river, which flows into Maritsa, a major river in southern Bulgaria and northern Greece.
“Out of the top 30 most polluted places in Bulgaria, we are ranked number seven”, said Ivo Georgiev, mayor of the village of Dushanci, situated close to Medet.
“Underground waters from Medet seep through Zhekov vir dam, constructed right next to the tailings dam. Zhekov vir is situated above the village and the village lives with the threat of 50 million cubic metres of residue flooding its land."
Inadequate enforcement of inadequate recommendations
Experts identify inadequate enforcement of inadequate regulations as a key issue in a string of spills in the area, of which two most serious were the Hungary mud disaster and an earlier cyanide spill from a tailings dam in Romania.
“Our society expects that the facilities still in use are being exploited correctly and safety procedures are being observed. In reality this is not the case”, said Daniel Popov, a toxics expert from the CEE Bankwatch Network in Bulgaria.
"To begin with, none of the privatized old facilities in Bulgaria and almost none of the newly built ones, have been isolated with impermeable membranes made out of high density polyethylene to prevent hazardous wastes and their leachates going into the ground. This omission sets these facilities apart from the best practices in the mining industry today”, Popov said.
“Many facilities allocate in their annual budgets funds for covering fines
"When systematic infringement occurs in theory the facility should be closed until the problem is solved. The fact that this is not happening, shows complete disregard for one of the basic principles of the European community’s water management policy – “Polluters pay” - where the idea is that the fines are so big that the industry has an incentive to invest in better and cleaner technologies.”
Greek MEP Michalis Tremopoulos, the only elected green MEP from the Balkans, has taken it upon himself to help solve environmental issues across the region.
He says that the situation in the Balkans is worsening instead of improving and that the standards for crisis management are quite low because of increased costs. He is in the process of collecting data about cases when toxic spills have occurred but the local population has not been made aware.
“We are encouraging environmental organizations from the Balkan countries to send us relevant information”, he says.
In his opinion the European Commission has an important role to play to prevent toxic spills occurring in the”, he said.'65 REDUX? posted: March 2, 2012 What’s Going On? – As big buck news makes the headlines, this may seem like small change, but it’s not. 47 years after marchers endured police attacks with clubs, dogs and gas, Sunday will see people repeat the march from Selma to Montgomery protesting new laws introduced severely restricting voting rights –again. And that’s not all. What’s Happening Brother? More for those interestedProperty Location Located in Boston (South End), 40 Berkeley is minutes from Hancock Conference Center and John Hancock Tower. This hostel is close to Copley Place and Boston Public Garden.
Rooms Make yourself at home in one of the 168 guestrooms. Complimentary wireless Internet access is available to keep you connected. Conveniences include desks and ceiling fans, and housekeeping is provided on a limited basis.
Rec, Spa, Premium Amenities T ...
Rec, Spa, Premium Amenities Take in the views from a terrace and a garden and make use of amenities such as complimentary wireless Internet access.
Business, Other Amenities Featured amenities include a 24-hour business center, a 24-hour front desk, and luggage storage.
Hancock Conference Center - 0.5 km / 0.3 mi John Hancock Tower - 0.5 km / 0.3 mi Trinity Church Boston - 0.5 km / 0.3 mi Copley Square - 0.6 km / 0.3 mi Charles Playhouse - 0.6 km / 0.4 mi Copley Place - 0.6 km / 0.4 mi Wang Theater - 0.7 km / 0.4 mi Citi Performing Arts Center - 0.7 km / 0.4 mi Old South Church - 0.7 km / 0.4 mi Tufts Medical Center - 0.7 km / 0.5 mi Boston Public Library - 0.7 km / 0.5 mi Cutler Majestic Theatre - 0.8 km / 0.5 mi Emerson College - 0.8 km / 0.5 mi George Washington Statue - 0.9 km / 0.5 mi Tufts University - 0.9 km / 0.5 mi
The preferred airport for 40 Berkeley is Boston, MA (BOS-Logan Intl.) - 4.8 km / 3 mi.
Fees
The following fees and deposits are charged by the property at time of service, check-in, or check-out.
The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change.Richard Damon Maloney, 68, of Gardner, Kan. passed away Feb. 22, 2014 at Olathe Medical Center.
Richard was born Dec. 22, 1945 in Kansas City, Kan. to Alexander F. “Pat” and Betty Maurine (George) Maloney. He grew up in the Johnson County, Kansas area, graduating from Lane High School, south of Rantoul, in 1964. He moved to Halstead, Hill City and then Gardner in the 1980’s where he helped care for his parents.
Richard served in the National Guard. He was a utility clerk for six years at Cosentino’s Price Chopper in Gardner. He loved his job and helping people. Customers would stand in his line to have him bag their groceries and help carry them out to their cars. During his younger years, Richard worked for Caylor Construction as an equipment operator. Also, he had worked as an over the road trucker for several companies and Gardner CMI.
He enjoyed woodworking and fishing. Richard will be missed by family and friends.
He was preceded in death by his parents.
Richard is survived by his aunt, Shirley Pretz, of Olathe, Kan., along with many cousins and friends.
Graveside service will be held at 11 a.m., Monday, March 3, 2014 at Paola Cemetery, Paola, Kan. Visitation will be held from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m., March 2, 2014 at Bruce Funeral Home, Gardner, KS (913)856-7111. Memorial contributions may be made to Children’s Mercy Hospital, Kansas City, Mo. Condolences may be left at.
Recent Comments"
CRICKET WITHOUT BOUNDARIES: Volunteers Required!24-Jan-2014
'Cricket Without Boundaries' are currently recruiting for more volunteers to be a part of their trips to Africa, using cricket to help others in Autum..read more »
ACADEMY: Sussex announce Academy intake for 201424-Jan-2014
Sussex County Cricket Club have announced their Academy intake for the 2014 season. Five players have retained their places for a furthe..read more »ST. LOUIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Somewhere between Hollywood Boulevard and Madison Avenue lies Market Street, where, instead of lavish production studios or high-end marketing firms, you’ll find the famous Gateway Arch. In the shadow of this landmark that both ideologically and physically separates the eastern U.S. from the west, a group of marketing entrepreneurs have leveraged their 15 years of industry experience to launch a successful television production company—NoCoast Originals.
NoCoast, which currently has five shows jointly produced with Coolfire Originals – also based in St. Louis – that are either airing or about to air on three different cable networks, was created by the co-founders of Javelin, Inc, an experiential marketing firm best known for creating tours, publicity stunts and more for large, national brands.
The firm’s principals—Brad Carsten, Donna Meier, Jen Novak and Jon Maurice—needed a new creative outlet for their personal and professional interests. Their natural affinity for storytelling and passion for authenticity, heritage and the unsung moments of life in the heartland fueled the early success of NoCoast, which is dedicated to creating television shows that celebrate the many faces of Americana.
“The U.S. entertainment industry is shifting its focus from the ‘hustle & bustle’ coasts and embracing the characters of Middle America. Shows that feature true Americana are finally getting the attention they deserve,” said Carsten, co-founder of Javelin and executive producer at NoCoast Originals. “Since we live, work and embrace the heartland, we offer a unique perspective to authentic storytelling in this genre, and we have access to some of the most intriguing characters.”
A lifelong obsession with speed, hot rod culture and Americana led Maurice and Charlie Smith, NoCoast’s fifth partner, to a friendship with speed freak, current world record holder in the Cannonball Run and three-time Gumball Rally winner Richard Rawlings, whose supersized personality inspired the first NoCoast show, “Fast N’ Loud.” Starring Rawlings and his crew at Gas Monkey Garage in Dallas, Fast N’ Loud was picked up by the Discovery Channel, debuted in June 2012 and quickly climbed to the number one spot in the network’s Monday night lineup. It is the first successful show to come out of St. Louis in 40 years. Today, each new episode is viewed by 1.4 million and 4 million more watch the show during the week.
Bolstered by the success of Fast N’ Loud, NoCoast went on to create a second show, “Resale Royalty,” featuring Maurice’s wife, Laura. A style maven with a flair for the dramatic, Laura Maurice co-owns the St. Louis-based Women’s Closet Exchange with her mother, Sue McCarthy, and sister, Diana Ford. The show, which will begin airing on the Style Network on May 12, chronicles the drama and adventures of the mother/daughter trio as they continue building their 25-year-old empire of re-selling name-brand designer clothing to an ever-growing group of fanatic customers.
Rounding out the NoCoast shows that have been green-lit for airing is "American Field Trip," a travel series expected to launch this summer on NBC Universal’s new Esquire Network. The show features Matt Hranek, a photojournalist who has been capturing his experiences of Americana through his blog, The William Brown Project, since 2010. Inspired by his blog, the show will follow Hranek as he combs through American culture and dives head first into it. Episodes will find Hranek interacting with all manner of characters from local farmers to celebrity chefs and exploring luxurious, turn-of-the-century resorts, dive bars and up-and-coming denim designers.
Additional shows are in production and coming out soon on Discovery and History. If all goes according to plan, NoCoast will produce five more shows by the end of this year.
“Our first four shows highlight the variety of characters and stories we at NoCoast plan to bring to American audiences over the next several years,” said Maurice. “We are all about genuine characters that break the stereotypes, and there seems to be no shortage of those in the heartland. We have a half-dozen shows currently awaiting the green light for production, and there’s certainly more where they came from.”
About Javelin
Javelin () is a full-service marketing agency specializing in brand storytelling. For more than 15 years, it has delivered research-based strategy, tactical creative and logistical execution to help local and national brands become more entertaining and develop their authentic voice. Every Javelin program is designed to change perceptions, influence behavior, and improve brand affinity.
About NoCoast Originals
NoCoast Originals () is a content company devoted to mining and telling authentic stories rooted in the best of America, then and now. It produces original, docu-reality, docu-soap, scripted television and music. Its producers are genuinely and passionately focused on interesting people, off-the-beaten-path places, and well-made things that are often overlooked, discarded or forgotten completely. They continually seek out and celebrate real stories and the real characters behind those stories.If salt can generate electricity, then why not “water vapor?” Yes, my friend, you heard me right. Some MIT engineers are claiming they have created a polymer film that changes its shape after absorbing tiny amounts of evaporated water, and later can generate electricity using those water vapor.
One day, chemist Mingming Ma, a scientist at the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research was working to make a plastic-like material for electrodes while he noticed that his plastic was behaving strangely. He put a piece of plastic on his palm and found that the plastic was curling up on itself and creep along his palm. While investigating such unusual behavior of that plastic, Ma came to know that the moisture from his skin drove the plastic to do such behavior. This clicked Ma to create moisture-powered polymer. Ma started doing further work with some of his colleagues in chemical engineer Robert Langer’s laboratory at MIT.
After further research, Ma made small pieces of polymer film that could continually curl, creep and leap when placed on a surface that’s moister than the air. The film is made using an interlocking network of two polymers – a hard but flexible layer matrix to provide structural support and a soft gel that can absorb water (in other words, expands when it comes in contact with moisture). Together, these polymers create a material that converts water vapor to energy without the use of external energy source. When the wet surface of the polymer layer is exposed to air, the bottom layer starts to curl, releases the moisture and starts to produce electricity when they’re bent or otherwise stressed. The system can generate about 5.6 nanowatts of power, which can be stored in capacitors to power small electronic devices such as temperature or humidity sensors. See the video below and you will understand better.
According to MIT News, the polymer can be used as an actuator to control robotic limbs, or act as a generator when paired with a piezoelectric material that converts mechanical stress into electricity. Besides, the energy created by the film can be used to power small sensors or nano-electronics without the need for batteries. Added to these, the material can also be used to generate electricity on a larger scale, by harvesting energy from the environment – for example, while placed above a lake or river. It could be attached to clothing, allowing the delightful prospect of using sweat to power physiological monitoring sensors.
At present, the researchers plan to investigate more on this matter as well as other applications for their film, in the coming months. The details of Ma and his colleagues’ work which has been published in the journal Science on January 10.
Source: MIT
Thanks To: ARS Technica, Inhabitat
Buy Cheapest Related Product From Amazon.com
What Do You Think?Odds To Win The 2013 MLB World Series + ALDS/NLDS Series + The ALCS/NLCS + Odds for 4 Games Fri Oct 4th/2013
Bartolo Colon is anchoring the rotation for the Athletics this season. He is not the strikeout pitcher he was in the past, but is still effective against the opposition. Colon has displayed great control this season. He starts tonight as the Game #1 Starter versus Max Scherzer. The Athletics and Rays are still the highest odds on the board at +800. I have already wagered on the Rays to win earlier in the season, and now have put $25 on the Athletics to take home the ultimate prize.
By Chuck Booth (Lead Baseball Analyst/Website Owner): Follow @chuckbooth3024
Follow MLB Reports On Twitter Follow @mlbreports
Odds To Win the World Series:
LA Dodgers +300
Boston Red Sox +375
St. Louis Cardinals +450
Detroit Tigers +475
Oakland Athletics +800
Tampa Bay Rays +800
Atlanta Braves +1300
Pittsburgh Pirates +1700
ODDS Courtesy of
Ryu and Nolasco on facing the Braves in the NLDS
Matt Moore is 9 – 1 in his last 13 Games pitched in, and he went 17 – 4 for the year overall. The Rays should have an early advantage – through playing fresh. Their +425 ODD to win the ALCS is the best value on the board of LCS Winners, in terms of actually happening.
Odds To Win the AL/NL Pennants:
LA Dodgers +125
St. Louis Cardinals +150
Boston Red Sox +180
Detroit Tigers +150
Oakland Athletics +400
Tampa Bay Rays +425
Atlanta Braves +650
Pittsburgh Pirates +800
ODDS Courtesy of
Odds To Win their Series in the LDS Round:
Boston Red Sox -125 vs Tampa Bay Rays +105
LA Dodgers -320 vs Atlanta Braves +260
Detroit Tigers -150 vs Oakland Athletics +130
St. Louis Cardinals -300 Pittsburgh Pirates +240
ODDS Courtesy of
Game Money Lines Friday
PIttsburgh +120 ( Cole) @ St. Louis -130 (Lynn) 1:05 PM EST
Tampa Bay +131 (Moore) @ Boston (Lester) -141 3:05 PM EST
LA Dodgers – 109 (Greinke) @ Atlanta -101 (Minor) 6:05 PM EST
Detroit – 123 (Scherzer) @ Oakland +113 (Colon) 8:35 PM EST
MLB Reports Pick #1: Pick Oakland and Tampa Bay on the Money Line, 2 out of 2 wins you some decent cash. 1 out of 2 wins you some. This is a good pick.
MLB Reports Pick #2: Take the LA Dodgers at -109. Greinke is a far better pitcher.
ODDS Courtesy of
Zack Greinke led the NL in Win Pctg this season, with a mark of 15 – 4 (.789). Had Carlos Quentin not charged him, he may have had a shot at 20 wins. The Dodgers were the best road team in the MLB with a 45 – 36 record. Having the Los Angeles as just a slight favorite has to be derived from Atlanta’s MLB Best 56 – 25 Home Record during the regular season. Minor Pitches for the Tomahawk Choppers.
*** The views and opinions expressed in this report are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of mlbreports.com or their partners. ***
***Chuck Booth – Lead Baseball Analysr 4, 2013, in MLB Teams: Articles and Analysis, Playoffs and tagged 2013 ALCS, 2013 ALDS, 2013 ALL - Star Game MLB, 2013 MLB playoffs, 2013 NLCS, 2013 NLDS, 2013 World Series MLB, @MLBreports on twitter, al central, AL West, alex cobb, andre ethier, Atlanta Braves, bartolo colon, carlos quentin, Chuck Booth. fastest 30 ballgames, cincinnati reds, cleveland indians, david price, fenway park, gerrit cole, jhonny peralta, jon lester, la dodgers, lance lynn, matt kemp, matt moore, max scherzer, miguel cabrera, mike minor, moneyball, new york yankees, NL Central, NL east, nl west, o.co coliseum, Odds to win the 2013 ALCS, Odds to win the 2013 ALDS series, Odds To Win the 2013 NLCS, Odds to Win the 2013 NLDS Series, Odds to win the 2013 World Series, odds to win the world series, pittsburgh pirates, ricky nolasco, st louis cardinals, tampa bay rays, texas rangers, tropicana field, twitter @chuckbooth3024, zack greinke. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment.Brothers Ashley, 26, and Daniel, 23, Epting are only just getting started in the film business, and already they've got an Academy Award nomination credit to their name.
Close enough, anyway.
The two, who grew up in Athens, spent 10 days in Birmingham, Ala. last spring working on a short film titled ''Johnny Flynton'' from writer / director Lexi Alexander and Alexander Buono.
''We were kinda called the 'Do Brothers,''' Ashley Epting said with a laugh, regarding the varied and sundry duties he and his brother assumed on the set.
Earlier this month, the film was nominated for a coveted Oscar in the category of Short Film, Live Action.
''I was surprised it was nominated, yes, but then again, quality-wise, I wasn't,'' said Epting. ''It's a great film.''
Interestingly, Epting added, the Oscar nomination is something that apparently runs in the family. ''My dad (Lee Epting of Lee Epting Catering in Athens) was in a short film called 'Kudzu' when he was about our age, and that was nominated for an Academy Award, too. So I guess it's some kind of pedigree,'' he added.
This is not the first film either of the brothers has worked on, either. Daniel, who graduated from the University of Georgia in December with a degree in speech communications, has worked on four or five independent films, Ashley estimated. And Ashley, who graduated from New York University in 2000, where he studied film, acting and writing, has worked on more than a dozen. This was the first time they'd worked together, though.
''We were basically glorified (production assistants) and did everything from fixing generators to grip work and all kinds of other work on the set,'' Epting said. ''We were working 12- to 17-hour days. But I absolutely loved it. I've known for a while that this is what I want to do, but it wasn't until (this film) that I really realized this is it.''
Based on events in the life of a German boxer, the film is set in the South, and it's a story close to Alexander's heart; she's a world-champion karate and kickboxer herself. ''She put herself through film school teaching marines to kickbox - she's an incredible person,'' Epting said of the director, adding part of what he enjoyed working on the film was the camaraderie among the cast and crew and the many stories behind the scenes.
Epting said work on the film has opened up some opportunities for him. He and Daniel are moving in a few weeks to Los Angeles, where about a half-dozen other Athenians have transplanted to work in the film industry. The Eptings' goal, he said, is to start a production company. They're naming the company DRT RD - for the way dirt roads are identified on state and county maps. It's symbolic, he said, of their love for the South.
''The South is full of great storytellers, and so much has happened in just a few generations ... so (DRT RD) is sort of about those basic ideals of home to us.''
Epting said his move to L.A. is in part to make connections, but he plans to come back and make films in the South. For now, though, he said he was especially happy to see he's got his own page on the Internet Movie Database Web site (), a comprehensive catalog of just about everything to do with the film industry.
And chances are, an Academy Award nomination next to his name won't hurt his efforts in the film business, either.
Published in the Athens Banner-Herald on Tuesday, February 18, 2003.
Athens, GA ? Athens Banner-Herald © 2015. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy / About Our Ads | Content Removal PolicyCara Constance
Biology
Hiram College (formerly at Holy Cross College)
Workshop Participant, Website Contributor
Website Content Contributions
Activity (1)
Molecular evolution of gene families part of Teaching Genomics at Small Colleges:Genomics Instructional Units Minicollection
Bioinformatics lab on concepts of orthologs and paralogs, sequence conservation at genomic DNA, mRNA and amino acid levels, and molecular phylogenetics. Wet-lab using RT-PCR to determine gene expression patterns in distinct tissues.News » Bracknell » Articles »
Thames Valley Police lay down plans in Bracknell and Wokingham
Published: 12 Sep 2013 09:300 comments
Anthony Stansfeld, Thames Valley Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC), and local police area commanders will discuss policing and the role of the PCC.
A representative from the Community Safety Partnership will also explain the work they carry out in the area.
Residents can ask questions and feedback on any concerns they have about policing and crime.
Mr Stansfeld said: “These events.”
A meeting will be held at Bracknell Rugby Club, in Lily Hill Drive, on Wednesday October 2.
The other meeting takes place at Wokingham Methodist Church, in Rose Street, on Monday October 7.
Both start at 7pm.33 CFR 114.20 - Departure from permit plans.
(a) If the final inspection shows a minor departure from the authorized plans which does not materially affect navigation, the permittee will be required to furnish as-built plans showing the work as actually constructed but no further action will be taken by the Coast Guard.
(b) It is not the practice of the Coast Guard to issue letters certifying that completed work conforms to that which was authorized. That question is a matter of fact to be determined in case of controversy by the usual rules of court procedure.
[CGFR 67-46, 32 FR 17769, Dec. 12, 1967, as amended by USCG-2012-0306, 77 FR 373 114 after this date.I have to say that the coffee filter is right up there
with the toilet paper tube as one of my favorite
inexpensive crafting materials. Just look at how
beautiful these autumn leaf branches are with
their coffee filter leaves! Find out how to do
it at Patch O' Dirt Farm.Bill English, Tim Groser
20 December, 2012
Govt extends support for exporters
Exporters will have access to improved support from the New Zealand Export Credit Office under changes announced by the Government today, Finance Minister Bill English and Trade Minister Tim Groser say.
The NZECO, which is based in The Treasury, is the Government’s official export credit agency. It provides financial guarantees and trade credit insurance to exporters and banks.
The main changes announced by the ministers today will:
- Extend the maximum term of the SME loan guarantee from 12 months to 36 months; and
- Enable NZECO to issue performance guarantees directly to foreign government and public agency buyers.
“These improvements were agreed to as part of the Business Growth Agenda to support exporters in becoming more competitive,” Mr English says.
The changes have already taken effect, the ministers say.
The loan guarantee amendments will provide greater scope for NZECO to support proven exporters access contract-specific and medium-term funding facilities from participating banks, Mr Groser says.
“For example, SME exporters meeting an off-shore contract often require additional funding to cover the period from when they incur costs, to when they receive payment,” he says.
“The extension of the loan guarantee may now enable them to get additional lending from a New Zealand bank.”
“Changes to the performance guarantee will assist exporters who have foreign government buyers that seek government-to-government guarantees, rather than a bank-issued performance bond.”
NZECO has a maximum risk exposure of $740 million and the changes announced today require no extra funding. NZECO charges fees or premiums for its products so the only costs to the Crown are in the event of an unrecoverable default.
Since it was created, NZECO has underwritten more than $1.6 billion worth of exports to buyers in 62 countries.S.H.A.N : ON "THE HEROIN WARS" November 23,1996 ON "THE HEROIN WARS" BY SENG SUK ( S.H.A.N Editor's note : During the month of July, the latest documentary by the wellknown film-journalist,Adrian Cowell, was broadcasted. This is the commentary by Sao Seng Suk, ex-SSPP President and, at present, the co-ordinator of the Shan State Organization.) " It was a pool of guerrilla anarchy in which the forces of nationalism, feudal regionalism, and narcotics ricocheted off each other in a series of counter-reactions, but not in a national movement united in war of independence." This was an observation of Shan resistance written in the March/April issue of Burma Debate by my friend, Adrian Cowell, whom I had taken into Shan State with his friend, cameraman Christopher Mengis, to make the documentary film, " Opium Warlord " . In fact, I had suggested to him to make this documentary film about opium in Shan State to illustrate who grew the opium, what they got from opium growing, their livelihood, who got the profits from opium, and how. Adrian and I had a ten-point agreement. For the sake of operational security, on the SSPP/SSA side the agreements were known only to me. Satarn Pairoh, a Thai journalist employed by Adrian, was the only other person who knew about the agreement. I agree with the first part of Adrian's observation but not the end in which he said, " but not in a national movement united in a war of independence. " It is a natural that a foreigner, not born as a Shan, would conclude in this way, overlooking the historical, cultural, geographical, and social conditions of the time. I would rather beg to differ and say that the Shans were totally united in wanting independence and there was a national movement. All were fighting against the Burmese military who were commiting aggression against the Shan federation. It is the opium traders KMT remnants who dealt in opium,and their affiliated drug gangs exploiting the Shan situation that confuses and blurs the Shan resistance picturre for foreign observers. I accept that Shan State politics were totally confusing to a foreigner who was without good information about Khun Sa or who was rather insensitive to hints of Khun sa's affiliation with General Ne Win. It was therefore not at all surprising to read in his article " The Silver Jubilee of the War on Drugs," how else could such completely contradictory policies as a Declaration of Independence from Burma and a total surrender to the Burmese Army follow one another within a couple of years - without the excuse of a military defeat?. It was well known to the Shan State Organization's Coordination Committee, Chiang Mai Branch, long before that khun Sa was going to surrender when the war-office in Rangoon ordered him to do so at an appropriate time, chosen by the Burmese military high command. I am sure it was also known to the late General Korn Zurng before his death, because on his death bed when he was asked by Khun Sa's men to appoint an heir to the SSRC leadership, hoping that he would appoint Khun Sa, Korn Zurng refused and instructed an 11 member committee to be elected among the MTA to take over the leadership instead.This meant that quite a large section of Shans who were in the middle level leadership of the SSRC/MTA were well aware of the links between Khun Sa and Rangoon. The ruthlessness of Khun Sa and Chang Shu Shin combined with huge amounts of money needed to maintain the MTA forces were factors that made the genuine Shan nationalists bide their time. This situation forced " hopeful leaders" such as Khern Hsai, Seng Tzin, and others to wait until Khun Sa's surrernder before forming their own group, Shan United Revolutionary Army. Only Gun Yod ( Kan Yhot as Adrian spells it ), who was faced with extermination by Khun Sa's trusted officer, Colonel Yeap Mong ( Chinese name Lao Kweng ) did not join SURA. If Gun Yod had not left MTA, I am sure Gun Yod would be dead. Gun Yod's assistant commander was murdered by Colonel Yeap Mong, forcing Gun Yod to leave MTA. It was not a mutiny planned by Gun Yod. On the contrary, it could have been planned by Chang Shu Shin and Khun Sa with the aim of regaining trust and favour from the war-office in Rangoon. Khun Sa made a mistake in attacking the SLORC's military garrison at Mong Kyawt resulting in high casualties on both sides, adding more suspicions to his sincerity by more suspicions was directly due to orders by Khun Sa himself. For example : Order No. 1 : Not a bullet must be fired against Burma Army west of the Salween. In fact, the MTA forces west of the Salween had surrounded Nam Sang - the SLORC's air base - in southern Shan State and could attack and occupy the base, Mong nai, and other important southern towns. Order No. 2 : No attack against Mong Pyak and Keng Tung. This order was given when MTA forces were ready to attack and occupy Mong Pyak and Keng Tung. Burma Army's reaction was very surprising. Their counter offensive avoided direct assault on Ho Mong, the headquarters of Khun Sa, when air strikes against Ho Mong could havecrippled MTA militarily and psycologically. He made this gamble because he was quite inflated by Advisor to President Carter on Drugs Policy, Dr. Peter Borne's visit to him at Ho Mong thinking that the U.S. would pour military as militarily. But, the overall result was contrary to his expectations. U.S. pressure mounted, and the closure of Thai-Shan State border by the Thai government resulted. Hence, the final decision of the war-office in Rangoon was to order him to surrender in October 1995. After that, all secret preparations between Khun Sa and Rangoon were made and the final surrender of MTA actually came in January 1996. Although I strongly agree with Adrian Cowell on his observation about American policy on drugs in Shan State, I have a completely different point of view concerning opium warlords such as Khun Sa and Chang Shu Shin. Warlords are warlords -- ruthless, opportunistic, dictatorial, and above all, cowards. It is a great mistake to identify them as revolutionaries or nationalists waging a war of resistance. Returning to opium, the American policy as Adrian Cowell stated, " to attack the source of supply ( rather ) than to deal with the sources of demand " was a very wise policy for the American imperialists -- the policy makers -- because this would ensure funds from the American public, without the American people realising that it would be more expensive in the long run, in fact draining the taxpayer's money. It would not reduce the opium crop and would enable the powers that be in America to use a " big stick big carrot " position around the world into future decades. Unless, of course, the American taxpayers realise the futility of their government's policy and start to divert the drug enforcement funds into their own special needs, such as education, prevention of drug addiction, rehabilitation and so on, and pressure their government to change its policy on drug to a more realistic and responsible one, the present, out-dated, dogmatic policy will not change. Nevertheless, I would like to thank my esteemed friend, Adrian Cowell, for opening the debate as he did, and it is my great pleasure to participate in this debate as the problem of opium and heroin directly affect all aspects of life of all the people of Shan State in a negative way. In the same issue of Burma Debate, Sao Maha Sang ( the correct pronunciation by Shan and Wa - not Maha San as pronounced by the Bamah group ) has stated the simple general desire of the people of the Shan State concerning opium and the rights of indigenous ethnic groups of Shan State and the most important factor - GENUINE PEACE. He pointed out that the cease fire achieved by SLORC is fragile and unrealistic to achieve lasting peace because it simply lacked political agreement which is the very foundation of all the trouble in the Union of Burma. Whatever subjuct one touches in internal affairs of Burma, one can never conclude anything without touching on her external affairs, which directly and indirectly affect Burma enormously. These external factors, way above the heads of the people of the Union of Burma, are mainly the policy of the Peoples' Socialist Republic of China towards Burma, the " constructive engagement " policy of ASEAN, and the U.S. narcotic policy. These policies in a sense directly interfere in the internal affairs of the Union of Burma because they directly recognise SLORC and eliminate conditions for peaceful political change or settlement. Other governments' policies towards the Union of Burma, especially their trade and investment policies, indirectly interfere in the internal affairs, the same as above, although their interest vary. China sells weapons and gives financial aid to SLORC. ASEAN's constructive engagement policy is strictly limited to investment for quick profit return and the inconsiderate exploitation of natural resources of the Union of Burma. These resources actually belong to other indigenous ethnic groups rather than the Bamah group. ASEAN practices non-interference in the international affairs of SLORC which are not necessarily the internal affairs of the Union of Burma. The U.S. policy of Narcotic Controls is financed only through the illegitimate SLORC government. All the above precipitate into eliminating possibilities for peaceful political dialogue or settlement. Seng Suk. *****It matters. If the film is divided with pre-exposed boundaries that means that the already tiny market for 127 film is to be divided according to the camera you own. You have to buy 127 "for the square format 13x13" or 127 "for the standard format 13x17". And if you own a 127 camera which uses the 13x19 format, you have to find yet another different film. All this really is industrially insane.
Since roll film was invented the sensitive surface is continuous and is the camera which uses the roll freely.Ramirez returns after stint on disabled list
Ramirez returns after stint on disabled list."
Dave Sessions is a contributor to MLB.com. This story was not subject to the approval of Major League Baseball or its clubs.
Now Commenting On:The much-anticipated ACC showdown between No. 3 Clemson and No. 5 Florida State is clearly the biggest and most hyped game of Week 8 of the college football season. However, the battle between the Seminoles and Tigers in Death Valley isn’t the only intriguing matchup on Saturday’s slate.
Other conference clashes such as UCLA vs. Stanford, Washington vs. Arizona State, Florida vs. Missouri and Auburn vs. Texas A&M should all be worth tuning in for as well. There’s certainly plenty of quality action to please the palates of fans this weekend. The question is, which teams will ultimately prevail?
After going 6-0 on my “super six picks” in Week 6, and 5-1 last week, here’s a look at the six bets I like the most for Week 8, along with predictions for every single Saturday game.
Saturday’s Super Six Picks
Florida State Seminoles (-3)
When analyzing both Clemson and Florida State in order to figure out which were the true must-watch draft prospects in this matchup, it struck me just how clear of a talent advantage the Seminoles possess.
Sure, the Tigers have their fair share of stars such as QB Tajh Boyd, WR Sammy Watkins and DE Vic Beasley. But overall, Florida State looks to be the better and stronger team on both sides of the ball. It also helps that they have the most talented overall playmaker in this game, freshman sensation Jameis Winston, leading the way on offense.
Before the season started, I picked Florida State to meet Alabama in the national championship game. Through five games, I haven’t seen anything from the Seminoles that would lead me to believe they aren’t a legitimate national championship contender.
Admittedly, playing in Death Valley at night can be an intimidating environment for any visiting team, no matter how much talent it has. However, Florida State just has too many standout difference-makers on both sides of the ball, including key players such as CB Lamarcus Joyner and OT Cameron Erving, who should be able to control Clemson’s most dangerous offensive threat: Watkins, and its best defender: Beasley, respectively.
Arizona Wildcats (-4)
This is a situation that would seem to call for a letdown performance from a Utah team possibly dealing with a huge hangover after last week’s huge upset win over Stanford. After knocking off the Cardinal at home, the Utes have the tough task of having to get back up emotionally for a challenging road game against an underrated Arizona team.
After two tough losses on the road against Washington and USC, the Wildcats should be much more comfortable and much more effective at home.
Utah may have one of the most talented and versatile defenders in the nation, defensive end-outside linebacker hybrid Trevor Reilly. However, the Utes defense will still have a tough time slowing down the Wildcats’ dynamic rushing duo of QB B.J. Denker and RB Ka’Deem Carey.
UCLA Bruins (+4.5)
After leading UCLA to a 5-0 start, which included big road victories over Nebraska and Utah, the Brett Hundley bandwagon is now starting to get awfully crowded. There will be even more riders hopping on after the quarterback guides the Bruins to a big revenge, road victory over a Stanford squad which got exposed last week in a loss to Utah.
The Bruins remember how bad it felt last year to lose to Stanford in back-to-back weeks, including a devastating defeat in the Pac-12 Championship Game.
Hundley, Anthony Barr and the rest of the team’s veteran leaders will be seeking redemption. Not only will they get vengeance with a big road win, they’ll also prove who really is the biggest threat to Oregon in the Pac-12 championship chase.
Boise State Broncos (-23)
Boise State has failed to cover the spread in each of its last four meetings with Nevada. However, Chris Petersen's squad should be able to break that trend with a big win in this matchup.
Though the Broncos may not be the vintage BCS buster we’ve grown accustomed to seeing in recent years, they still have the talent it takes to pull off a big blowout win over a Wolf Pack team that obviously misses the leadership of long-time head coach Chris Ault.
Nevada’s defense has looked truly terrible so far this season, allowing 7.1 yards per play and 38 points per game.
The Joe Southwick-led Broncos offense is by no means a juggernaut, but the unit should be able to put up enough scores at home on the smurf turf to cover the sizable 23-point spread
I don’t like betting against capable, dual-threat quarterbacks like Cody Fajardo. But I believe dangerous DE Demarcus Lawrence and the rest of the Broncos defense will keep him neutralized and out of sync.
TCU Horned Frogs (+7.5)
Besides a poor performance against an ultra-talented LSU offense in the season-opener, TCU’s defense has looked very solid and stout so far this season. The Horned Frogs secondary, led by corner Jason Verrett and safety Sam Carter, is one of the best defensive backfields in the country, allowing just 6.2 yards per pass and picking off 10 throws in six games
Gary Patterson’s talented defense should cause fits for Oklahoma State QB J.W. Walsh, who hasn’t exactly been the model of consistency in his first year as the full-time starter.
If TCU’s defense brings its A-game to Stillwater, and if QB Trevone Boykin can avoid foolish turnovers, I can easily see the Horned Frogs pulling off an upset and sending a statement to the rest of the Big 12.
Buffalo Bulls (-20)
After getting outclassed by Ohio State and Baylor and then nearly losing to Stony Brook, Buffalo is a team that seems to have found its footing in the last few weeks, following a big upset win over Connecticut. Though beating up on MAC basement-dwellers like Eastern Michigan and Western Michigan isn’t exactly a huge resume booster, the Bulls seem like they have the pieces this year to be a viable conference contender.
The MVP of the defense, LB Khalil Mack, is an All-American candidate and future first-round NFL draft pick. But Buffalo also has some dangerous offensive weapons as well, including RB Branden Oliver and WR Alex Neutz.
Though the cooler, rainy conditions may affect the offense, the Bulls should still be able to put together another dominant effort against another overmatched opponent.
Predictions For Every Saturday Game
Minnesota Golden Gophers at Northwestern Wildcats
Spread: Northwestern (-12)
Total: 53.5
Picks: Northwestern (-12), UNDER
Prediction: Northwestern 31, Minnesota 17
Purdue Boilermakers at Michigan State Spartans
Spread: Michigan State (-27.5)
Total: 42.5
Picks: Michigan State (-27.5), OVER
Prediction: Michigan State 45, Purdue 13
TCU Horned Frogs at Oklahoma State Cowboys
Spread: Oklahoma State (-7.5)
Total: 50.5
Picks: TCU (+7.5), UNDER
Prediction: TCU 24, Oklahoma State 20
Southern Miss Golden Eagles at East Carolina Pirates
Spread: East Carolina (-22.5)
Total: 53.5
Picks: Southern Miss (+22.5), OVER
Prediction: East Carolina 38, Southern Miss 20
Georgia Bulldogs at Vanderbilt Commodores
Spread: Georgia (-7.5)
Total: 61.5
Picks: Georgia (-7.5), UNDER
Prediction: Georgia 34, Vanderbilt 23
Texas Tech Red Raiders at West Virginia Mountaineers
Spread: Texas Tech (-6)
Total: 57
Picks: West Virginia (+6), UNDER
Prediction: West Virginia 27, Texas Tech 24
Connecticut Huskies at Cincinnati Bearcats
Spread: Cincinnati (-14.5)
Total: 46
Picks: Connecticut (+14.5), OVER
Prediction: Cincinnati 31, Connecticut 20
South Carolina Gamecocks at Tennessee Volunteers
Spread: South Carolina (-7.5)
Total: 54.5
Picks: South Carolina (-7.5), UNDER
Prediction: South Carolina 28, Tennessee 17
Navy Midshipmen at Toledo Rockets
Spread: Toledo (-9)
Total: 55
Picks: Navy (+9), OVER
Prediction: Toledo 41, Navy 35
SMU Mustangs at Memphis Tigers
Spread: Memphis (-3.5)
Total: 46.5
Picks: SMU (+3.5), OVER
Prediction: SMU 34, Memphis 21
Florida Gators at Missouri Tigers
Spread: Florida (-3)
Total: 44
Picks: Missouri (+3), UNDER
Prediction: Missouri 23, Florida 19
Syracuse Orange at Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets
Spread: Georgia Tech (-7.5)
Total: 54.5
Picks: Georgia Tech (-7.5), UNDER
Prediction: Georgia Tech 30, Syracuse 20
Army Black Knights at Temple Owls
Spread: Temple (-2.5)
Total: 59
Picks: Temple (-2.5), OVER
Prediction: Temple 35, Army 27
Ohio Bobcats at Eastern Michigan Eagles
Spread: Ohio (-17)
Total: 57
Picks: Ohio (-17), OVER
Prediction: Ohio 42, Eastern Michigan 20
Akron Zips at Miami (Ohio) RedHawks
Spread: Akron (-7.5)
Total: 44.5
Picks: Akron (-7.5), OVER
Prediction: Akron 33, Miami (Ohio) 17
Ball State Cardinals at Western Michigan Broncos
Spread: Ball State (-19)
Total: 58
Picks: Ball State (-19), OVER
Prediction: Ball State 49, Western Michigan 24
Colorado State Rams at Wyoming Cowboys
Spread: Wyoming (-6.5)
Total: 67.5
Picks: Colorado State (+6.5), OVER
Prediction: Wyoming 38, Colorado State 34
Kent State Golden Flashes at South Alabama Jaguars
Spread: South Alabama (-6.5)
Total: 54.5
Picks: South Alabama (-6.5), UNDER
Prediction: South Alabama 28, Kent State 20
Northern Illinois Huskies at Central Michigan Chippewas
Spread: Northern Illinois (-16)
Total: 59
Picks: Northern Illinois (-16), OVER
Prediction: Northern Illinois 45, Central Michigan 24
UMass Minutemen at Buffalo Bulls
Spread: Buffalo (-21)
Total: 47
Picks: Buffalo (-20), UNDER
Prediction: Buffalo 35, UMASS 10
UCLA Bruins at Stanford Cardinal
Spread: Stanford (-4.5)
Total: 54
Picks: UCLA (+4.5), UNDER
Prediction: UCLA 31, Stanford 20
Indiana Hoosiers at Michigan Wolverines
Spread: Michigan (-9.5)
Total: 68
Picks: Indiana (+9.5), OVER
Prediction: Michigan 42, Indiana 35
Iowa Hawkeyes at Ohio State Buckeyes
Spread: Ohio State (-17)
Total: 55
Picks: Iowa (+17), OVER
Prediction: Ohio State 38, Iowa 26
North Texas Mean Green at Louisiana Tech Bulldogs
Spread: North Texas (-3.5)
Total: 54.5
Picks: North Texas (-3.5), OVER
Prediction: North Texas 38, Louisiana Tech 31
Oklahoma Sooners at Kansas Jayhawks
Spread: Oklahoma (-23.5)
Total: 49
Picks: Kansas (+23.5), UNDER
Prediction: Oklahoma 27, Kansas 17
Auburn Tigers at Texas A&M Aggies
Spread: Texas A&M (-13)
Total: 72
Picks: Auburn (+13.5), UNDER
Prediction: Texas A&M 38, Auburn 27
BYU Cougars at Houston Cougars
Spread: BYU (-9.5)
Total: 62.5
Picks: BYU (-9.5), OVER
Prediction: BYU 42, Houston 24
Duke Blue Devils at Virginia Cavaliers
Spread: Virginia (-2)
Total: 52
Picks: Virginia (-2), UNDER
Prediction: Virginia 28, Duke 21
Maryland Terrapins at Wake Forest Demon Deacons
Spread: Maryland (-5.5)
Total: 51
Picks: Maryland (-5.5), UNDER
Prediction: Maryland 31, Wake Forest 17
Washington Huskies at Arizona State Sun Devils
Spread: Arizona State (-3)
Total: 66
Picks: Washington (+3), OVER
Prediction: Washington 37, Arizona State 34
LSU Tigers at Ole Miss Rebels
Spread: LSU (-9.5)
Total: 60
Picks: LSU (-9.5), OVER
Prediction: LSU 42, Ole Miss 27
Iowa State Cyclones at Baylor Bears
Spread: Baylor (-32.5)
Total: 76
Picks: Baylor (-32.5), OVER
Prediction: Baylor 66, Iowa State 20
Arkansas Razorbacks at Alabama Crimson Tide
Spread: Alabama (-29)
Total: 48.5
Picks: Alabama (-29), OVER
Prediction: Alabama 45, Arkansas 13
Georgia State Panthers at Texas State Bobcats
Spread: Texas State (-16)
Total: 49.5
Picks: Texas State (-16), UNDER
Prediction: Texas State 31, Georgia State 13
USC Trojans at Notre Dame Fighting Irish
Spread: Notre Dame (-3)
Total: 50.5
Picks: USC (+3), UNDER
Prediction: USC 24, Notre Dame 20
Nevada Wolf Pack at Boise State Broncos
Spread: Boise State (-22)
Total: 67
Picks: Boise State (-23), OVER
Prediction: Boise State 52, Nevada 21
Rice Owls at New Mexico State Aggies
Spread: Rice (-18)
Total: 58
Picks: New Mexico State (+18), UNDER
Prediction: Rice 34, New Mexico State 20
Wisconsin Badgers at Illinois Fighting Illini
Spread: Wisconsin (-14)
Total: 55.5
Picks: Wisconsin (-14), OVER
Prediction: Wisconsin 41, Illinois 24
Florida State Seminoles at Clemson Tigers
Spread: Florida State (-3)
Total: 64
Picks: Florida State (-3), OVER
Prediction: Florida State 41, Clemson 30
Utah State Aggies at New Mexico Lobos
Spread: Utah State (-10.5)
Total: 52
Picks: Utah State (-10.5), UNDER
Prediction: Utah State 31, New Mexico 17
UNLV Rebels at Fresno State Bulldogs
Spread: Fresno State (-24)
Total: 73
Picks: Fresno State (-24), OVER
Prediction: Fresno State 56, UNLV 24
Utah Utes at Arizona Wildcats
Spread: Arizona (-4)
Total: 58.5
Picks: Arizona (-4), OVER
Prediction: Arizona 38, Utah 27
Washington State Cougars at Oregon Ducks
Spread: Oregon (-39)
Total: 73
Picks: Washington State (+39), UNDER
Prediction: Oregon 49, Washington State 21
Oregon State Beavers at Cal Golden Bears
Spread: Oregon State (-10.5)
Total: 68.5
Picks: Cal (+10.5), OVER
Prediction: Oregon State 45, Cal 38
Note: All lines are courtesy of Covers.com. Games featuring FCS teams are not included.- For some people the Australia Day long weekend is about having a BBQ, a couple of beers, and spending time with their family....Tuesday 29 January 2013
- 2010
- The Alice Springs Pistol Club says member numbers in the Northern Territory have fallen behind other states due to restrictive laws and excessive paperwork....Wednesday 10 February 2010
Explore by Topic
Latest Shooting stories on ABC Alice Springs
Latest Shooting stories on ABC Online
- At 12 years old Lilly Brown is already one of the country's top shooters for her age....Tuesday 12 May 2015
- A series of deaths at shooting clubs and ranges where shooters have turned the guns on themselves or stolen guns and used them to kill others has led grieving families to ask for changes and anti-gun campaigners to call for a new crackdown on firearms. ...Tuesday 17 March 2015
- Paul Janzso is not fazed at all by the sound of cracking bullets - it is a noise he knows all too well and has done for the past 50 years....Wednesday 11 March 2015
- Michelle Boase is one step closer to her dream of competing in shooting at the Olympic Games having accepted an offer to train in Melbourne with three gold medallist winners....Thursday 8 January 2015
- Liberal Democratic senator David Leyonhjelm's suggestion to relax Australia's gun laws has been roundly rejected by federal politicians....Similar to music identification apps that can listen and identify a song's name, a new piece of mobile software called Ad Hawk lets you know who is really behind a particular political ad you see on television.
What's more, it drills down into the leanings and financials of the group. The app requires about 30 seconds to identify an ad, so in most cases that'll mean using your DVR to rewind — unless you're really quick.
Once it has figured out the ad, it'll tell you what group paid for it. You are then able to view details on the investors, including how much money they have, how much they've spent so far in this election, what percentage of their ads have been positive of negative, and which political party their ads support.
Available for free download, Ad Hawk is a product of the Sunlight Foundation, a non-profit organization. It will be updated on a daily basis as new ads hit the airwaves. It uses location services to help the foundation build a map of where certain ads are running across the country. However you can able to disable this feature if you're worried about it intruding on your privacy or draining your battery life.
This article originally published at Tecca hereShow moreless
This
- Brand New Listing - $175 Per Night May Dates! Ocean Views - Kaanapali Plantation 2 Bed / 2 Bath 2 Bedrooms 2 Bathrooms Sleeps 6 Kaanapali Plantation #3927794ha
- $259 - $369 per night 4-7 night min stay
- 2 Bd/2BA Kaanapali Condo W/ Grand Ocean Views, Free Wifi 2 Bedrooms 2 Bathrooms Sleeps 4 Kaanapali Plantation #628843
- $185 per night 5 night min stay
- $195- $325/nt, plus tax
- $325 and up
- $325- $425/nt
- $175 - $450 per night 3-5 night min stay
- $275 per night 5 night min stay
- $285 - $400 per night 5-10 night min stay
- View listing for price
Featured Destinations: San Diego Vacation Rentals, Kailua-Kona, Destin Condo Rentals, Key West Vacation Rentals7-Anckorage Spring. Of course a continuous controller will provide
a much more accurate control of the model.
The mains ideas behind Anckorage Spring are :
- Being able to tweak real world parameter like Mass, Force, Gravity, etc. instead of tweaking usual electronic parameters (like filter cut-off, ADSR envelope, ring modulation, etc.),
- Not only try to mimic real world, but also allow very "unusual" things like modulating a Mass and changing the Gravity,
- Emphasis control and expression using the physical parameters,
- Open a new world of sound to experiment with….
- Have fun and enjoy playing music !
Anckorage Spring can be used to extend your sound palette
with a new world of physical sounds, but it is also an incredible sound design
tool and can as well be used as an entertainment and fun tweaking new sound
engine.
The audio out is purely generated by the physical model. Each voice of
Anckorage Spring is built of a set of connected physical models and activators.
A simple reverberation can be added. As Anckorage Spring is
Audiobus compatible, you can use it associated with additional
apps to provide audio effects, looping and recording apps, etc.
Main features
- Real physical modelling
The full Anckorage Spring documentation is available
here : Anckorage Spring
Anckorage Spring is now available on the Apple AppStore (iPhone, iPad,
IPod).
Publié le dimanche 12 mai 2013 par AurigeSimilar to many people, I still have a bad taste in my mouth about the large, institutional U.S. banks due to the events of 2007-2008. Coming from somebody who made a living in the dealing room of a large financial institution for 20 years, particularly in the famously risky and unethical world of foreign exchange, this may seem hypocritical. In fact, when I put it that way, it probably is, but I can't help the way I feel. I may not like the banks, but as JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Wells Fargo (WFC) get ready to kick off bank earnings tomorrow, I do like their stocks.
Don't get me wrong, the banks weren't the only cause of the global credit crisis -- some would say not even the main one -- but their seemingly blasé attitude toward risk and their woefully inadequate provisions for the day when that risk backfired suggested an arrogance and sense of invincibility that is, to say the least, unappealing. That vague feeling of distaste, however, is exactly the reason why investors should own stock in at least a couple of the major U.S. banks. JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America (BAC), Goldman Sachs (GS), Wells Fargo and, to a lesser extent, Citigroup (C) not only survived those events but have since thrived when judged by the only metric that matters to a corporation -- profitability.
There is talk, for example, of JPMorgan Chase reporting a disappointing quarter, with profits of only around $5.45 billion. This would be a drop compared to last year, but what it does show is that these mega banks are cash-flow-producing machines, even during a disappointing quarter. The attempts of regulators to ensure that the crisis isn't repeated have meant that much of that cash has been utilized to increase capital at the big banks. The resulting reduction in available leverage will hurt profitability to some extent, but an increased focus on the more boring but safer business of lending will be welcomed by many.
As the banks report over the next couple of weeks, the focus will likely be on any drop in trading profit, but if that is made up for in other areas, the long-term prospects for JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Bank of America et al. will only look stronger.
What is emerging from the wreckage of the recession is a group of banks that has been forced to show a little more prudence and had their ability to grow restricted but that are still making billions of dollars every quarter. You may feel that this is in some way unfair, but their ability to generate profit is undeniable. Don't let your outrage blind you to the fact that the large financial institutions are still some of the most profitable companies extant.
As first-quarter earnings are released, I will certainly be looking at them that way and will be ready to buy any and all of them if a temporary reduction in trading profit causes their stocks to fall.I was browsing the PR News website and came across the following headline: “PR Insider: How Social Are We Really?” The article talked about society’s constant use of social media to communicate. Though beneficial in ways that allow for quick and effortless communication without regard to time and location, social media has had–in a way–an adverse effect on society’s interpersonal skills. Well, not necessarily interpersonal skills, but more so society’s willingness to use interpersonal skills in person.
The article’s author, Todd Lynch, Managing Director at Worldcom Public Relations Group, stresses the importance of maintaining direct interaction. He provides several reasons:
You cannot read tone, body language or facial expressions unless you are in person.
Effective relationships are the backbone of good sales. Get to know your prospects. You’ll develop deeper relationships and manage them more effectively. You might get an earlier heads up to an issue or opportunity.
Collaboration is still a dynamic tool to successful ideas, plans and executions. Getting in front of your team, client, or customer may uncover an extra business insight, potential pitfall or new piece of knowledge that will pay off later.
Use positive reinforcement as a critical motivational tool. Ever had someone unexpectedly call you by name and remember some important fact or story and how nice it made you feel? Do that with employees, vendors, customers and you are creating meaningful relationships.
Don’t lose touch with your customers. Data is great. Community engagement is critical. 360 online conversations are fantastic. But don’t forget to get out and see things first hand to validate or alter what other information suggests.
Use social to be social. Online creates great opportunities for introductions, conversations starters, ongoing dialogue, community building, problem solving and so much more. But always seek a way to bring the direct human equation into the mix. True relationships thrive on this.
I agree with Lynch. I believe in the importance of direct communication between individuals whenever possible. I feel that direct communication shows a sense of commitment and makes a conversation more personal. For example, an individual sparing some time to physically speak to another means so much more than the same individual merely shooting out a simple text. There is more meaningful effort in the first case, not the second.
Society today texts with such ease that the effort is nonexistent. To exemplify the meaningfulness of direct communication, imagine a couple where one partner wants to end the relationship with the significant other. Think about which method of communication would be more sincere–and respectful, at that. The answer is direct communication. A text breakup would be and is very impersonal.
Whether dealing with formal or informal relationships, there is no doubt that social media has its perks. But society cannot lose sight of direct communication. As Lynch mentions, “Text, email, leverage every social outlet and tool at your disposal. Use them to listen, to communicate, build communities and advance … loyalty. But don’t forget to take the time to walk … and speak directly … You will validate, alter, improve perception and just may enjoy the interaction.”
As a student of public relations and communications, I advise my peers to heed this advice. As much of a trend as it is, social media cannot be the only form of communication we rely on.Little Utica United Methodist Church will have a free kids’ dinner and movie night at 6 p.m. Friday, Aug. 1.
The dinner menu consists of hot dogs, macaroni and cheese and pizza. There will also be chips and dip and cookies for dessert.
Following dinner will be a popular G rated movie that the kids will enjoy. their Facebook page.
**************************
The Trinity United Methodist Church in Oswego will serve a barbecue chicken dinner from noon until sold out Saturday, Aug. 9.
Each chicken dinner includes a barbecued chicken half, buttery salt potatoes, baked beans, tossed salad, rolls and butter, beverage and a dessert.
Dinners will be served in the dining room or fixed to take out. You may call ahead to reserve a chicken dinner.
Trinity United Methodist Church is located at 45 E. Utica St., (corner of East Fourth at Utica Street) in Oswego. A portion of the proceeds will benefit a local charity.
For more information, call the church at 343-1715.Archive for December, 2007« Previous Entries Next Entries » […]
JLP’s Weekly Roundup (Week of December 17, 2007)Sunday, December 23rd, 2007
Here’s my roundup for the week of December 17. MBH warns to be careful about tipping our hand. JD has some advice and tips for first time homebuyers.Here’s a couple of tips from me: 1. Don’t buy more house than you can afford. 2. Most people can and should forget about ARMs and instead go […]
Should We Say ‘Goodbye’ to Cheap Food?Thursday, December 20th, 2007
I was standing in line at the grocery store earlier this evening when I saw a copy of The Economist on the rack in the checkout lane. The cover story titled
Interesting Quotes From John BogleThursday, December 20th, […]
A Simple Portfolio for a 4% YieldThursday, December 20th, 2007
The January 2008 issue of Money featured an interesting article by Michael Sivy titled The 4% Solution, which is about finding yield for a retirement portfolio. The article mentioned a simple portfolio that currently yields a little over 4%. As Michael mentions in his article, the reason 4% is so important is that most retirees […]
« Previous Entries Next Entries »« Previous Entries Next Entries »August 20, 2014 marked the arrival of the NIST Interagency Report 7966 (NISTIR 7966). The report provides guidelines for the security of automated access management using Secure Shell (SSH) and.
Download a Copy Today!Francis Fine; craftsman could create tiny objects, big laughs
By Bryan Marquard Globe Staff / August 24, 2006
Text size – +
In the 1930s, as a teenager teaching crafts at a summer camp, Francis R. Fine traveled with a group of campers to a museum that exhibited tiny replicas of weapons fashioned from nails. He liked the concept. (Full article: 828 words)
This article is available in our archives:
Globe Subscribers
Non-Subscribers
Purchase an electronic copy of the full article. Learn More
- $9.95 1 month archives pass
- $24.95 3 months archives pass
- $74.95 1 year archives pass
There’s more to see...
Come take a look at what else is here!. Christmas Cards, Footprints, Christmas Crafts, For Kids, Baby Feet, Foot Prints, Cute Ideas, Reindeer Footprint, Christmas Gift
Related Pins
Rudolph pancakes
handmade christmas ideas on iheartnaptime.com
ChristmaS HoliDaY Bottle Brush Tree So Sweet ShabbY ChiC Pink Delight shiny…!Mr Annan had earlier been given assurances by Iranian President Mohammad Khatami of whole-hearted Iranian support for the interim administration in Kabul, which the Americans have accused Iran of trying to undermine.
Mr Annan praised Iran's role in the reconstruction of its neighbour and thanked it for its "great support" for the Afghan people.
Saturday's talks came as a local commander in the western Afghan city of Herat denied reports that Iranian arms and money had reached Ismail Khan, the de facto ruler there.
Iranian assurances
The US has recently also suggested al-Qaeda and Taleban fugitives may have been allowed to escape across the border into Iran - something Mr Annan said Iran was keen to prevent.
"They [the Iranian Government] have no love for al-Qaeda or the Taleban, and they do not have ideological, religious or political support for either group," Mr Annan told reporters at a joint news conference with Iranian Foreign Minister Kamal Kharrazi.
Ayatollah Khamenei, usually identified with Iran's conservatives, said stability in Afghanistan was in Iran's interests, and it seriously supported it.
The BBC's Jim Muir in Tehran says this was what Mr Annan must have been hoping to hear from the man who has the last word on all major issues in Iran.
He says Mr Annan's friendly and appreciative tone stood in contrast to US allegations of meddling.
There have been persistent reports of Iranian officers travelling through western Afghanistan distributing arms and money to local tribal leaders without Kabul's support.
Foreign Minister Kharrazi said Iran had supplied arms to Afghan tribal leaders fighting the Taleban, but that all such shipments had stopped when the Taleban were ousted from power.
Mixed voices
Mr Annan's visit, which follows brief stops in Pakistan and Kabul, forms part of UN efforts to influence Iran's role in Afghanistan.
Iran has strong links with its neighbour, and is also home to 1.5 million Afghan refugees.
Officially it supports the interim administration in Kabul, and it has pledged aid and grants worth more than $500m over the next five years to back the reconstruction process.
But conservative leaders in Iran have made no secret of their discomfort at American military penetration on the country's back doorstep.
They are also concerned lest a secular, Western-backed regime is established in Kabul.
Links to more Middle East storiesMore Than Just A Shirt
German side St. Pauli celebrates its 100th anniversary this year and is releasing a special commerative shirt to mark the occassion.
A century in existence is a massive cause for celebration, and Bundesliga team St. Pauli are releasing three shirts to commemorate the milestone.
As an added bonus for fans, they will only have to pay for two shirts to own all three as the home and third come together in the form of reversible design.
The copper home shirt is striking enough, but it is the reverse which really stands out as it incorporates images and slogans from the club’s past, including the famous ‘Hamburg Ist Braun Weiss.
The white away shirt, in stark contrast, is simple but effective with a 70s style collar.
Of course, they aren’t the first to come up with a reversible shirt. Both Manchester United and Chelsea have done so in the not too distant past, while 1860 Munich had their own version last season.
St. Pauli has also released a short video (see below) where you can see some of the fine detail.
The shirts, manufactured by Do You Football, are available for purchase from the club’s online store.
Related PostsLatest Headlines
-.
- Toshiba’s e-STUDIO507 Receives Accolades From Buyers Laboratory5/4/2015
With its exceptional performance in Buyers Laboratory LLC’s (BLI) rigorous testing, Toshiba America Business Solutions, Inc.’s e-STUDIO507received the leading independent analytical information provider’s Highly Recommended rating.
- National Small Business Week: 10 Tech Tidbits From IT Industry Association CompTIA5/4/2015
As small businesses across the country mark National Small Business Week May 4-8, CompTIA, the IT industry association, offered some perspective on the evolving relationship between small business and technology.
- Sennheiser Showcases Its High-Performance Unified Communications Headsets At Microsoft Ignite5/1/2015
Sennheiser, a leading manufacturer of premium headset solutions, is showcasing its product line for the contact center and office (CC&O) marketplace at the Microsoft Ignite Conference, taking place May 4 – 8 at the McCormick Place Convention Center in Chicago, Illinois. Sennheiser will be located at booth #357 at the event.
- Clearent Raises $25M From FTV Capital5/1/2015
Clearent, one of the nation’s fastest growing payment processing companies, announced it has raised $25M from FTV Capital. As part of this investment, Chris Winship, partner at FTV Capital, will join the company’s board of directors.
- Nectar To Provide The Via Group With Comprehensive Monitoring And Diagnostics For Their Skype For Business Solution Offer4.
- Mersive Adds Android Mirroring Capability To Its Solstice Product Line4/30/2015
Mersive, a leading provider of software-based collaboration solutions, recently announced it has introduced Android mirroring to its Solstice wireless presentation and collaboration product line, including the award-winning Solstice Software and the new Solstice Pod, which was announced last month and became generally available today.
- OKI Data Americas To Exhibit New Color A3 Multifunction Device At The BTA Mid-America District Event4/30/2015
OKI Data Americas announces its participation in the BTA Mid-America District Event taking place May 7-8, 2015 in Minneapolis, MN.
-.
- Business Solutions Announces Final Speaker Lineup For Retail IT VAR Of The Future Conference4/29/2015
The Retail IT VAR Of The Future conference on May 12-13 at Bally’s Las Vegas will include a speaker lineup with 400+ combined years of retail IT experience. A total of 28 speakers will be on stage throughout the two-day event to share their expertise on POS-as-a-Service, Payment Processing/EMV, Customer Experience, and Mobile POS. The agenda will include a half-day session on each of these four main topics.The past several years my desktop machine at work has been running 32-bit Ubuntu (and more recently Xubuntu), even though it had a 64-bit processor. The nature of the work I did meant that this wasn't really an issue at all until recently an application that did require interaction between the desktop client and the HPC cluster dropped support for the 32-bit client. Well, fair enough. But what 64-bit distribution should I install? "Slackware", said the mischevious wonk next to me. Sure. Why not? After all, it was the first Linux distribution, and it has slack in the title - and I do believe in the benefits of the Church of the Sub-Genius. Actually there are two reasons why not, but I thought I'd give a whirl anyway.
Installation was pretty much as documented. You will have to do your own partition management, a typical rule of either partitioning /boot, /home, and a swap partition is pretty sensible. Or you can just put everything under / and work it out later if that way inclined (I was, and I shouldn't have been). When it comes to installing packages, it's worth going for "full", keeping in mind one of the aforementioned "two reasons", although there is a very good argument from older-style Slackware purists that says that you should have full knowledge of your system at all times and shouldn't beholden to pretty stupid niche situations, such as a media player wanting Samba as a dependency.
/boot
swap
/
After that it's a case of getting LILO set up as the boot-loader (I had to run liloconf after the install due to some interesting arguments with an existing GRUB) and the default window manager (my preference is XFCE). Like most things Slackware, options which are expected and normal in most distributions are not necessarily the case with Slackware; in particular it is noted that 64-bit Slackware really means 64-bit. It will not run 32-bit binaries. To enable this there is some fairly straight-foward instructions.
One item of the install instructions that I shouldn't have followed was the recommended character encoding which is LANG=en_US. Whilst it is true that Slackware is playing it safe here, I have so many documents in UTF, it proved to be a bad choice for me. There are two suggestions here; first change /etc/lilo.conf by adding append="vt.default_utf8=1 in the Linux bootable partition config. The second is modifying /etc/profile.d/lang.sh and removing the comment marker for export LANG=en_US.UTF-8 and adding on for export LANG=en_US. A reboot will also be necessary as lilo.conf has been modified.
LANG=en_US
/etc/lilo.conf
append="vt.default_utf8=1
/etc/profile.d/lang.sh
export LANG=en_US.UTF-8
export LANG=en_US
An annoying bug discovering post-install, and a very critical bug for those who enjoy listening to some tunes whilst slaving away on a hot cluster (they do get hot, btw), concerned with how alsa was setting default sound devices.
Earlier on two reasons were mention on why a person may not wish to use Slackware. These are the lack of GNOME as a desktop option and the lack of dependency management. The former was due the difficulty of getting GNOME to be built from scratch (true, but ironic coming from Slackware). I didn't really think I would miss GNOME, being more of a command-line warrior, but there was just a few applications which I have missed. These include Gedit (as much as Kate is a reasonably good alternative), the oft-maligned Nautilis, Evince (certainly better than XPDF, especially with some larger document, or KDE alternatives like Okular), or even EotG. A download and installation of LibreOffice was almost immediate after opening one document with Calligra. These are, of course, mostly choices based on aesthetic preferences and habit. Without a doubt others will have different tastes, and apparently if one wishes to make the effort, there is a complete GNOME Slackbuild, although that would require a downgrade from my current install; as their instuctions say: If you are trying to build GSB on systems other than the above you will encounter problems during the build.
If you are trying to build GSB on systems other than the above you will encounter problems during the build
The other reason that people may not be inclined towards Slackware is the lack of automatic dependency resolution with packages. With Slackware you get the binary as the developer provided, with the absolute minimum number of changes (e.g., adding .desktop executables). Unlike other distributions, where the source code is modified to fit their own distributions, with Slack you get what the author intended. For Slackware advocates this means that the packages are secure and accountable, without automatic dependency resolution (and typically installation) avoided. The advocates are right of course; Slackware didn't suffer from the Debian SSH bug, but from the perspective of most users that was solved with a simple update, whereas installing anything new on Slackware usually does require working one's way through the various dependencies. Yes, it does teach good systems knowledge, but if you already are aware of packages and dependencies, it's more of an "interesting nuissance". This said the package tools that come with Slackware (pkgtools, slackpkg) do exactly what they say on the lid.
Overall, Slackware is not as scary as some might have you believe, but it's not for beginners either. It does come with excellent documentation to help you on your way. It does require a bit of experience, a bit of forethought, and a desire, well, to be slack. You are best off with Slackware determining quite early on what you want your system to do, and sticking to it. For my own line of work this is fine; for others, and certainly for home users, perhaps think again.Hello, I am just trying to figure out if there is some way I can use the mediawiki skin you have here on this wiki. Thank you--Rovo 22:32, 7 September 2007 (CEST)
You're listed as one of the wiki admins -
Would it be possible to install the spam blacklist plugin - as described on?
The README.
Rationale: Special:RecentChanges
--Speedevil 20:49, 10 June 2007 (CEST)#1280: Setting Global Escape Makes Frontend Unusable ------------------------------------+--------------------------------------- Reporter: Guardian.Bob at gmail.com | Owner: ijr Type: defect | Status: new Priority: minor | Milestone: Component: mythcontrols | Version: head Severity: medium | Resolution: ------------------------------------+--------------------------------------- Comment (by Guardian.Bob at gmail.com): Ah I mis-understood you. I'm not running mythtv in any wm. I use startx to start mythtv in it's own xserver. KDE isn't even installed on my system (I use gnome with e16.) I use this line to start mythtv: startx /usr/bin/mythfrontend -- :2 -br dpms -v nologo -s 0 Basically, no screen saver, black background, no logo and turn on energy star. -- Ticket URL: <> MythTV <> MythTVResults per page:
Smog Test
Registering a car?
Join 1,972,984 Americans who searched DMV.org for car insurance rates:
Search Results - 13 found
Smog Check and Car InspectionLearn more on smog check and emissions test requirements in &State_Nam&. In some cases you might need to get a smog check when renewing your vehicle registration..
State Laws and Green Regulations for Eco-Friendly Drivers | DMV.orgGreen vehicle laws and state regulations for eco-friendly drivers with fuel-efficient cars, electric vehicles, and alternative fuel vehicles.
Car Registration Forms, Procedure, & InformationCar registration information, forms, and procedures...
Order a VIN Check Before You Buy or Sell a Used CarOrder a VIN check to learn the history of your next used car purchase. Vehicle history reports reveal info such as previous accidents, flood damage, registration records.Virgin Media to offer more HD VOD content
In an effort to boost the use of its video-on-demand platform, and to better compete against rival BSkyB, Virgin Media will add more high-definition VOD content to its lineup this summer.
Virgin Media is also working on a new program guide that will make its “catch-up” TV offerings as easy to find as its linear programming, according to a story in the Guardian (story here).
Last month, SeaChange International’s On Demand Group (ODG) inked a four-year contract to provide content management services for Virgin Media’s TV On Demand service (story here).
SeaChange was also one of the vendors that took part in Virgin Media’s first-ever dynamic advertising trial (story here).
According to the Guardian, Virgin Media started commercial data trails with a downstream speed of 200 Mbps in Ashford, Kent, in England last week.
Ryde, town (parish) on the northeastern coast of the Isle of Wight, historic county of Hampshire, southern England. It lies opposite Portsmouth on the mainland.
The town is located on the site of a former village called La Rye, which the French destroyed early in the 14th century. Still a small fishing hamlet by 1800, Ryde grew rapidly in the railway age as an attractive holiday resort (being incorporated in 1868). It is linked with the mainland by ferry service. Pop. (2001) 22,508; (2011) 23,999.Pudding Filled Cupcakes Recipes
vegetables
- butter 2
- creamy peanut butter 2
- buttermilk 1
- heavy whipping cream 1
- milk 1
- peanut butter 1
- View More ↓
- baking soda 3
- eggs 3
- sugar 3
- baking powder 2
- confectioners' sugar 2
- almond extract 1
- brewed coffee 1
- frosting 1
- powdered sugar 1
- View More ↓Servicepower Technologies - Announce software licence agreement with Bella Solutions
Fri, 9 Nov 2012 8:30pm
SERVICEPOWER TECHNOLOGIES
BROADCAST INFORMATION
Mark Duffin, Chief Executive Officer
Mark Duffin, CEO talks about the agreement that has been reached with Bella Solutions. Within the interview he explains the
benefits of the software, how it enhances the ServiceMarket platform and the new recurring revenue potential potential.
MORE
PDF DownloadI just found Anna’s EW shoot untagged:
- [x051] Studio Photoshoots – 2009 November 13th: Entertainment Weekly USA
I just found Anna’s EW shoot untagged:
Added some photos of Anna at the BAFTA After Party and tons of more photos arriving and at the press room (including more HQs!). At Anna’s category the winner was once again Mo’Nique so congrats to her and to our girl too for making it tll here!
Here are some photos of Anna arriving at BAFTAs and posing at Press Room with Christoph Waltz after presenting Best Supporting Actor award (most in HQ). Stay tunned for more!
I think I haven’t posted this before but I came throught a beautiful line Anna said about Mo’Nique and I thought to share it with you:
“I think we know what’s going to happen in the end.” Kendrick went on to praise Mo’Nique’s unflinching portrayal and said, “Honestly, I couldn’t ask for a more deserving performance to lose to.”
Also I found another nice review of Up in the Air, read bellow:
Up in the air is so much more than just a film. It is a reflection of the modern day society we live in. It is a realization of how inhumane and cold we’ve become under the pretext of being progressive, practical and professional. The film aptly uses irony to bring to our notice where the rat race and herd mentality can lead us to. Up in the Air is a film that defines the kind of people we’ve become today… how numb we have become towards our surroundings and thus the people surrounding us! It questions our philosophies and relationships in life in the wake of the current economic crunch.
Adam Lambert talked to some reposters recently and he confessed that he thinks Anna is totally sexy.
Also Up in the Air DVD and Blu-Ray will be released on March 9, 2010!!!!
UP IN THE AIR DVD & Blu-ray
The UP IN THE AIR)
Be sure to get your copy 😉
As I promised I added even more photos of Anna attending Oscar Nominee Luncheon including some HQ ones:
I added 13 more photos from 82nd Academy Awards Nominee Luncheon. Also while I was waiting for new pics to some out I capped some videos.
I’ll go to bed now as it’s too late. I’ll add more pics tomorrow.. bought this set 2 weeks ago and am very happy with the picture quality. Sound is as good as most sets..... so-so. After seeing it I needed to talk to LC about something but when I called they couldn't find the model number that I bought. I checked various forums and others had the same problem. Finally, someone at LG told me it is probably the same as one of their other models.- Chuck B. (Stillwater, MN)
Best price on this particular product, and fast shipping. Very happy with my purchase!- Robin F. (Clarkesvile,<<I have said previously that the netbook and mobile phone markets are converging at some speed. And here is some further evidence of that convergence, Nokia’s first PC, the Booklet 3G.
It looks like a fairly standard netbook with an Intel Atom (though we don’t know which one yet) processor and Windows 7. Most netbooks are let down by their support and graphics chipsets. Nokia seem to have overcome this with HD graphics capability and a 12 hour battery life. Maybe something to do with Nokia’s technology collaboration with Intel.
The telephone heritage shows up with the integrated GPS and integrated 3G phone modem, so it doesn’t need a dongle. It also has Wi Fi and Bluetooth. And a webcam.
Cleverly it synchs with your mobile phone and the built in GPS allows it to use Nokia’s Ovi maps services as well as all the other Ovi services such as mail, contacts, online file storage and photo and video sharing. All of which were originally set up for mobile phone usage. If the interface is good this could be competition for Google Android.
So a netbook with several features that give it a competitive advantage and which show its telephone heritage. Another big step on the convergence road. And a potentially massive gaming machine.A few weeks ago, the China Law internet and listserve (yes, we lawyer-nerds still have a China Law listserve) was abuzz with an article on In-N-Out-Burger’s China trademark troubles. Surprisingly, the article was written by a just graduated law student. I contacted that recent law school grad to request that he do a shortened version… Continue Reading
Tag Archives: trademark registration
How To Protect Your Trademark In China; How To Stop Your Distributor From “Stealing” Your TrademarkPosted in Uncategorized
Registering Place Names As China Trademarks. Yes And No.Posted in Uncategorized
One… Continue Reading
China’s Changing Trademark Environment. Why You Need To Register Your Trademark Now.Posted in Legal News
By: Steve Dickinson Registration of trademarks in China has become essential for doing business in China. We have long advocated prompt China trademark registration with our clients. For companies that manufacture and export from China, registration of the English language trademark is essential. For companies that sell products and services in China, registration of
How And Why To Trademark In China.Posted in Basics of China Business Law, Legal News
If you are doing business in or with China you should give serious thought to registering your trademarks in China. In particular, you should consider a China trademark registration for your trade-name, your logo and your service marks. Brand identity is critical for success in China (as it is just about everywhere) and if you… Continue Reading
Ten Steps To Starting A China Business.Posted in Basics of China Business Law, China Business, Legal News
Inc. Magazine just came out with an article today that does a nice job setting out the basics for foreigners starting a business in China. The article is by Issie Lapowsky and it is entitled, “10 Steps to Starting a Business in China.” Its ten steps are as follows. I have tried to pull the… Continue Reading
Trademark Protection In The Global (And China) MarketplacePosted in Legal News
Trademarks are among the most important assets of any company. Indeed, if it weren’t for trademarks, customers would be unlikely to even find a company’s products. Naturally, then, most U.S. companies want to protect these essential and valuable assets to the greatest extent possible and therefore make sure that they are registered with the United…Gear Guide: New POC helmet measures own integrity
STOCKHOLM, Sweden – POC is pleased to present its product line for winter 2014/15, which includes the Skull Orbic Comp H.I. MIPS helmet, an avalanche backpack and exciting collaborations with ZEISS, ICEdot and Beats by Dr. Dre.
The Skull Orbic H.I. MIPS helmet introduces a new technology, known as a Helmet Integrity (H.I.) Sensor which allows athletes to check the integrity of their EPP multi-impact helmets by pressing a button on the back which will either turn a light red or green. The integrity of the helmet is determined by a system of stress-strain sensors distributed over the helmet liner that record, collect and memorize any deformation. The severity and history of the impacts are calculated and stored in the device. If one or a combination of impacts exceeds the pre-defined level, the light turns red and the helmet has reached the end of its life.
The helmet is also equipped with the MIPS system to help reduce rotational forces on the brain in the event of a crash. This will be the second generation of the award-winning Orbic, which was designed with a VPD 2.0 (Visco-Elastic Polymer Dough) deflector panel on the front of the helmet designed to reduce the trauma caused when athletes contact race gates in training and racing.
“For a couple of years we have been exploring and evaluating digital solutions as a way of promoting safety says Stefan Ytterborn,” POC CEO and founder. “We are now able to share a number of initiatives and products that mark the start of a whole new chapter for us. This is the beginning of our digital ambition. We recently announced our exciting collaboration with Volvo Car Group and we can’t wait to see how this will support and inject new ideas into our development processes in the future.”
POC also introduces the rechargeable Thorax avalanche backpack, using the innovative JetForce Technology. JetForce is the world’s first avalanche airbag system to use jet-fan inflation and is the result of a multiyear collaboration between Black Diamond Equipment and PIEPS.
In addition, ICEdot technologies will also be introduced in conjunction with several POC products. ICE stands for “In Case of Emergency” and is recognized all over the world. POC ICE is a proactive effort to provide emergency personnel with correct medical history such as blood group, allergies and basic information like name and emergency contact, even if a victim is unconscious.
“Working during this period of innovation and collaboration is truly great and we are looking forward to share the product line for winter 2014/2015 at the trade shows,” says Ytterborn.
Release courtesy of POCAny idea why a vertical copper bathroom vent pipe would corrode? I'm having a bathroom remodeled and after opening up the walls, we found the vent pipe to the roof was severely corroded (almost looks like something was spilled on it) - complete with pencil and finger-size holes! I guess that explain the occasional smell.
Thanks.2007 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Nationwide
New Search
Filter Results
Price
Mileage
Accidents Reported
Text Search
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
CarGurus Quick Poll
“luv luv luv my C230”
I bought the Mars red and its hot! I gets lots of comments and looks on my car. It handles very well. To be honest, it has been in the shop a few times already but nothing major and all under warranty. I do wish it had regular profile tires. It has low profile tires which always makes me think I have a flat tire. Make sure you get the perma plate c...
Find 2007 Mercedes-Benz C-Class listings in your area Enter your ZIP code
2008 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C300 Luxury Used Cars in Calabasas, CA 91302
Price: $12,994
Mileage: 92,136
Location: Calabasas, CA 91302
2006 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C230 Sport Used Cars in Long Island City, NY 11101
Price: $6,991
Mileage: 102,671
Location: Long Island City, NY 11101
2007 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C230 Sport Used Cars in Greenville, SC 29607
Price: $9,900
Mileage: 89,028
Location: Greenville, SC 29607
2007 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C280 4MATIC Luxury AWD Used Cars in Cincinnati, OH 45227
Price: $9,988
Mileage: 78,738
Location: Cincinnati, OH 45227
2008 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Used Cars in Mobile, AL 36606
Price: $14,674
Mileage: 87,582
Location: Mobile, AL 36606
2007 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C230 Sport Used Cars in Hurst, TX 76053
Price: $9,599
Mileage: 83,535
Location: Hurst, TX 76053
2008 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C300 Sport Used Cars in Mountain Lakes, NJ 07046
Price: $15,995
Mileage: 39,408
Location: Mountain Lakes, NJ 07046
2008 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C300 Luxury Used Cars in Dallas, TX 75234
Price: $13,999
Mileage: 82,898
Location: Dallas, TX 75234
2008 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C300 Sport 4MATIC Used Cars in Fort Lee, NJ 07024
Price: $13,895
Mileage: 73,658
Location: Fort Lee, NJ 07024
2008 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C350 Sport Used Cars in Portland, OR 97225
Price: $17,990
Mileage: 51,075
Location: Portland, OR 97225
2007 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C230 Sport Used Cars in McAllen, TX 78501
Price: $7,995
Mileage: 126,324
Location: McAllen, TX 78501
2006 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C230 Sport Used Cars in Paterson, NJ 07503
Price: $7,995
Mileage: 82,107
Location: Paterson, NJ 07503
2007 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C230 Sport Used Cars in Corona, CA 92882
Price: $9,984
Mileage: 80,961
Location: Corona, CA 92882
2008 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C350 Sport Used Cars in Pryor, OK 74361
Price: $15,000
Mileage: 74,718
Location: Pryor, OK 74361
2008 Mercedes-Benz C-Class C300 Sport Used Cars in Carrollton, TX 75006
Price: $13,995
Mileage: 87,157
Location: Carrollton, TX 75006
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.About 3 weeks ago, FamilyTreeDNA (FTDNA) began posting my Family Finder (FF) matches and I've been slowly making my way through the list. A couple of people contacted me and I've sent out e-mails to people with the closest matches. No common ancestors have been identified yet but I'm still hopeful.
I understand that all of these researchers are at different stages in their research. Over the past 13 years I've been lucky enough to learn the names of all of my 16 great-great-grandparents and the names of most of the towns where they were born and/or lived in the old country. There are still a couple of question marks but I'm pretty secure in my knowledge of that generation. In a couple of instances I can trace the family tree back to 6th and 7th great-grandparents (with actual records). Some researchers have had more success, some less. It can be frustrating for me though when FF tells me I have a match with a potential 4th cousin and that researcher isn't even able to name all 8 great-grandparents. I found out a couple of days ago that one potential 3rd cousin is getting her family names from another family member and the names of the towns where they came from are coming from US records vs records from the actual towns. One researcher didn't recognize any of the surnames and town names I sent him so he refused to share any family details. I told him that because I can trace a couple of the branches further back in time I know the names of brothers and sisters of my direct ancestors so if he would give me his surnames I might see them in those side branches. Nothing. I can see protecting details about living people until we confirm a match but not the names of people who were born 150 years ago.
One e-mail exchange has been interesting because that researcher is wondering some of the same things I am...how is it possible that we have so many matches in common? I still haven't figured it out. I'm the first to confess that I have not caught on to the DNA lingo yet and don't fully understand the results. I contacted FTDNA about these common matches to see if putting them into a database would show some kind of meaningful pattern or if it's all just a coincidence. I haven't heard back yet.
It is always worth the time to compare family details on all matches. You never know when you'll run across an obvious match. Even if we don't find an obvious match, comparing family details can give me more ideas about where an ancestor may have lived, possibly a town/region I hadn't considered. I hope the details I share may help another researcher. If you go far enough back in time we're all related. It would just be nice to be able to pinpoint the ancestors we share.Fabergé™ Imperial Elegance™ Barbie® Doll
The majesty. The grandeur. The extraordinary opulence. All reign supreme once more as the elegance of Fabergé™ brilliantly shines in this magnificent Limited Edition doll.
Handcrafted in fine porcelain bisque, Fabergé™ Imperial Elegance™® dolls ever. Hand numbered in 22K gold and limited to a worldwide production of 15,000 units.
Production doll may vary from the photo shown above. Mattel reserves the right to modify the fashion/fabrics, sculpt, hair color/style, and accessories. Doll cannot stand alone as shown.Categories
- Food & Drink (93)
- Restaurants (46)
- American (12)
- Italian (8)
- Seafood (7)
- Steakhouses (4)
- Pizza (4)
- Mexican (3)
- Latin American (3)
- Asian (3)
- Cafes (2)
- Sushi (2)
- Japanese (2)
- Indian (1)
- French (1)
- Fondue (1)
- Middle Eastern (1)
- Chinese (1)
- Sandwiches (1)
- British (1)
- Spanish (1)
- Bar Food (1)
- Groceries & Markets (24)
- Beer, Wine & Spirits (11)
- Wine Tasting (11)
- Wineries (6)
- Coffee & Treats (10)
- Bars (2)
- Clubs (1)
Location
- All
- San Jose (2)
- Salinas (1)
- Watsonville (1)
- Seaside (1)
- Santa Cruz (1)
- Monterey (3)
- San Francisco (1)
Interests
- All
- Simple Pleasures (9)
- Party Planner (4)
- Quick Bites (1)
- Girls Night Out (1)
Eddison & Melrose
Up to 46% Off High Tea or Private Event
High tea with tea sandwiches, baked goods, and soup or salad; book a private event such as a birthday party, bridal shower, or baby shower
Monterey(27.8 miles)
38% Off Cupcakes at Roc's Cupcakes
Roc's Cupcakes
Watsonville(14.2 miles)
This family-owned bakery makes its cupcakes fresh each morning in a rotating menu of flavors
$24
$15
50% Off Personalized M&M'S from MyMMs.com
MyMMs.com
Create personalized M&M’S party favors and gifts for birthdays, weddings, graduations, baby showers, and more
$30
$15
Up to 48% Off Organic Fare at River Cafe
River Cafe
Santa Cruz(0.5 miles)
House-made granola, Old Creek Ranch grass-fed beef burgers, grilled chicken paninis, frittatas, pastries & cookies keep patrons noshing
$14
$8
Sale Ends 5/25
32% Off 1 oz. Bite-Size Charlie's Cheesecake Poppers
Charlie's Cheesecake Works
San Jose(19.7 miles)
1 oz. bite-size cheesecake poppers in assorted flavors
$22
$15
35% Off at MYO Pure Frozen Yogurt
MYO Pure Frozen Yogurt
Multiple Locations(30.0 miles)
Choose from up to ten flavors of frozen yogurt, and top it with more than 70 topping options
$20
$13
Up to 39% Off Cupcakes at C'est Si Bon Bakery
C'est Si Bon Bakery
Blossom Valley(20.3 miles)
Seasoned family of bakers make cupcakes in a variety of flavors including marble & red velvet with buttercream frosting & other fillings
$18
$12
29% Off Frozen Yogurt at Yogurtland
Yogurtland
Salinas(27.6 miles)
Yogurt made from antibiotic- and hormone-free milk with such ingredients as thousands of pounds of pistachios and one ton of tangerines
$24
$17
Up to 52% Off Gourmet Chocolate and Sweets
The San Francisco Chocolate Factory
San Francisco
Customers can choose from a multitude of all-natural, gourmet chocolate products including organic and rainforest-certified items
$20
$10
Up to 44% Off Handmade Sea-Salt Caramel Gift Bag
Love Bird Chocolates
Enjoy luscious caramels sprinkled with sea salt in half-pound or one-pound gift bags; can be picked up or delivered
$52
$29Oaking wine is simply the process of adding an oak flavor to wine during the fermentation process. This is commonly done by wine producers that are looking to enhance the flavor of their wine.
To achieve an oak flavor in your own home made wine, you can either get your self a new oak barrel or add oak chips or powder to the brew. You are going to want a new oak barrel because after the oak barrel has been used several times to oak a wine then it is going to lose its flavor and is going to take longer to oak your wine or possibly not at all.
Chips of oak are another way that you can add flavor to your wine. These are are not the fastest way of getting the desired results but they are a whole lot quicker than putting your wine in a barrel to sit. This is faster because of the surface area of the oak chips compared to the surface area of the oak barrels. One disadvantage to adding chips to your wine is that they are pretty hard to get out of the carboy after you are done fermenting your brew.
The fastest way by far to oak your wine is by adding an oak powder to the mix. This is quick but it is also a lot easier to add too much of this ingredient and over oak your wine. It is also difficult to remove all of the sediment that the oak powder adds to your wine.
If you are using chips or powder, remember that you can always add more to the mix and not take it away. So be slow to add ingredients and your wine will taste professionally oaked.Arsenal v Newcastle United - Premier League
Clive Mason December 29, 2012 3:14 PM
LONDON, ENGLAND - DECEMBER 29: Theo Walcott of Arsenal celebrates scoring his hat trick and Arsenal's seventh goal with Olivier Giroud of Arsenal during the Barclays Premier League match between Arsenal and Newcastle United at the Emirates Stadium on December 29, 2012 in London, England. (Photo by Clive Mason/Getty Images)
Click to view commentsIn the midst of the holiday season, the Delaware Police Department is working with Delaware City Schools and Big Brothers Big Sisters to implement its GREAT (Gang Resistance Education and Training) Families Program.
The five-week program is designed to promote family relationships, help families avoid violence and drugs, and create stronger communities. Sessions begin with dinner for the families and lead to group and breakout sessions with children and their parents.
Delaware police officer and DARE instructor Rod Glazer heads up the program. He said the dinner is an important aspect of the evening.
"We have dinner for them because a lot of times that part of the family breaks down when they don't have a meal at home," he said. "Here, they sit down, interact and get a meal."
The program aims to educate both parents and their children. In some sessions, the two groups will be separated, and the adults taught a different lesson than the children.
"We do a quick session with the families together, and then separate the kids and parents," Glazer said. "We ask the kids and parents different questions, but basically the same kind of question."
In one exercise, parents were asked to describe the perfect child, while children were asked to describe the perfect parent. Glazer said they often find they want the same things from each other.
"When they get back together, they see they have the same ideas," he said.
There have been nine or 10 families per week in the sessions thus far, and Glazer said the reception has been overwhelmingly positive. "They're all really appreciative," he said. "They really enjoy it, and they've said they can't wait to come back for the next session. It's been really positive so far."
The program's final two sessions will be held at 5 p.m. Wednesdays, Dec. 4 and 18, at Willis Intermediate School, 74 W. William St.Life History Of Muhammad Ali Pakistani Legend Actor In Urdu Written By Ashiq Chaudhry
Muhammad Ali was a great Pakistani Film star, he was very nice person he liked to help the mankind although he was a great star of film industry yet he was not proud. A biography of this legend in Urdu is given below.
Mohammad Ali Aik aisay insan hain jin say apne aap hi pyar ho jata hay.woh mere chand top favourite artists main say aik hain. ALLAH un ko jannat ul Firdos main jagha ata Farmaey AmeenPhone: (866) 282-7259
Our admission process is ongoing throughout the calendar year. Applications will be processed typically within two to three weeks after the Admission Office.
We suggest that applicants have work experience in a managerial or professional role, or current employment in a professional work environment with opportunities for advancement or learning new skills. Champlain welcomes students who may have little work experience, but who can demonstrate their ability to perform in a program that integrates learning into the workplace. Each student's experience will be considered on a case-by-case basis. (300-500 word essay) is required as part of your application. All applicants must outline why they are seeking a or family members.
The GMAT & GRE are not a required part of the application process Graduate Admission Office will contact you to arrange a compatible format and schedule. you may do so, but you may need to extend your completion timeline slightly.
When you enter the program, you and your advisor will develop a personal plan that allows you to start and complete the program as soon as possible, given your own goals and the annual schedule of course offerings.This past week has left me feeling pretty politically apathetic. I mean, I like Barack Obama and all — why doesn’t Spell Check know his name yet? — but voting for him instead of writing in Hillary Clinton wasn’t enough to really connect me with this whole “change” movement.
I didn’t spread his message door-to-door in Republican neighborhoods or make informational cold calls. I didn’t even buy one of the trendy graphic T-shirts.
Still, I know that change starts with me, and so I’ve been wracking my brain trying since Election Day to figure out how to become a better American. Then I thought of a quote Obama said to his daughters during his victory speech: “You have earned the new puppy that’s coming with us to the White House.”
That’s it! If there’s one thing I have a lot of, it’s dogs.
I know the press is all caught up with whether it looks better for Obama to get a purebreed or a shelter dog, but I have a better idea: Take one of mine.
I want to give something to the Obamas and to my country. Look at these gems. Who wouldn’t want one of my dogs? Seriously.
Pete
Breed: Border Collie
Age: 7-ish
Sex: Male
Weight: Fluctuates between 55 and 65 pounds depending on how under control his Cushings Disease is.
Likes: Enjoys chasing human shadows, licking the kitchen floor and pooping in a circle (inside or outside).
Pet Peeves: Doesn’t like stuffed animals to have their heads or their eyeballs. Also doesn’t care for most humans, cars or loud noises and hates to sleep on furniture. It makes him hot.
Favorite Food: Other dogs’ poop or ice cubes
Best Tricks: Catching a Frisbee with his paws
Favorite Quote: “Ask not what your country can do for you but what you can doo-doo for your country.”
Frankie
Breed: Chihuahua
Age: 4
Sex: Female
Weight: 5 pounds
Likes: Men, sticking her butt in other dogs’ faces, being zipped up in sweatshirts, wearing sweaters, being zipped up in bags, facial hair, showers, cuddling, sleeping in between people, sleeping on people, burrowing in and under covers/clothing/piles, Pete, shivering, crying, growing her nails, being paper trained.
Pet Peeves: Plastic bags, bottle caps, vacuums, brooms, when people fold clothing by her, being alone, going for walks.
Favorite Food: Anything but white rice
Best Trick: Jumping up on the kitchen counter to eat things. Shakes a lot.
Favorite Quote: “Life, liberty and the pursuit of fire hydrants.”
Breed: Some kind of German Shepherd/mutt
Age: Unknown. He jumped off the back of a truck.
Sex: Male
Weight: 40 pounds
Likes: Leaning on people, slowly licking people, staring at people, making people pet him against their will, barking at people if they don’t pet him, being brushed by people, putting all of his stuffed animals in a pile.
Pet Peeves: Other dogs, not being petted, not being the center of attention, being kicked off of laps or furniture.
Favorite Food: Cheese, the salt on human skin
Best Tricks: None. He listens to no one. He will sit or shake if and only if he knows you will be giving him something in return.
Favorite Quote: “I did not have sexual relations with that poodle.”It’s not that cold in St. Louis, Missouri. Not yet anyway. I don’t mind the cold, I find it invigorating. And I am fully aware I may be one of the few that do. I love walking out of the house in the morning and seeing my breath escape and disappear into the frost. But like I said, St. Louis isn’t quite there yet and typically a St. Louis winter is missing a key ingredient, snow.
Just before my 24th birthday I asked a few friends to suggest a weekend get-away. A couple cities sparked my interest but after Googling “Oslo” and discovering the 2012 World Snowboarding Championships were the weekend of my birthday I was smitten. And there was going to be snow everywhere.
I booked a flight from Dublin on RyanAir for 45 USD round trip. The bus I took from Cork to Dublin was the same price. I wasn’t prepared for a Norwegian Winter, I didn’t even have a pair of boots but lucky for me I was living in a hostel and there’s a plethora of left-behinds in the lost and found. What I couldn’t find in the boxes I borrowed from fellow travelers. My coat and snow-pants were far too big and made for the other gender and with a baggage allowance of one small carry on, I was bound to wear the heaviest items for the duration of my travel.
Planning was easy until I learned that Oslo is the most expensive city in the World. Hostels were at the very cheapest 50 USD a night and I feared the trip was going to break my bank. Then I had an epiphany; Couchsurfing!
I stayed with a host just outside of the city centre in a quiet neighborhood. I even had my own room and on my second night’s stay we made tacos, my favorite.
I wrapped myself up and spent the first day walking the city. The centre is relatively small so it’s easy to navigate. Public transportation is simple and always, always on time. I ventured to the Nobel Peace Center and what should I find across the street but a group of guys skating on the steps Oslo City Hall.
Frogner Park is as stunning as it is enchanting. Under a blanket of snow the bold and beautiful statues burst out of the white.
I spent a majority of the afternoon strolling along the Akerselva River, it cuts right through the heart of the city. It was a frigid walk and I had to remind myself to trust my feet and look up and around me to bring it all in. Not only are there cafes and shops along the river but places to stop and feed ducks or spot a hermaphrodite with devilish eyes carved right out of a tree.
This trip though was all about the half pipe. I made the trek up to Oslo Vinterpark, rented a board for the day and rode down to the training area. I can’t read a word of Norwegian but lucky for me it was a small mountain and only a handful of trails down.
I made camp at the base of the Half Pipe and spent hours watching boys and girls hurl themselves into flips and turns and grabs I couldn’t even do on a trampoline.
As it was the first days of training and the official competition was three days away, all the athletes were as smiley as they were chatty. Every rider ended their run into a mess of high fives and back-pats, it truly was the friendliest competitive atmosphere I’d ever witnessed.
I ended the day with a few more runs and a giant coffee that cost me the price of a pound of coffee back home in the States. From the city centre to the top of Vinterpark, I was never less than mesmerized by Oslo.Friday, November.
Posted by: Rob Mikos | Nov 8, 2013 10:51:13 AMUFDC Home myUFDC Home | Help | RSS The new era Florida Digital Newspaper Library ( External Link ) CITATION MAP IT! Full Citation STANDARD VIEW MARC VIEW External Link: Material Information Title: The new era Uniform Title: New era (Key West, Fla.) Physical Description: v. : ; 24-51 cm. Language: English Publisher: G.W. Bursell Place of Publication: Key West Fla Publication Date: 1862-. Dates or Sequential Designation: Vol. 1, no. 1 (Apr. 5, 1862)- Dates or Sequential Designation: Ceased in 1863. General Note: "Published every Saturday morning, at the Camp of the 90th Reg't, N.Y. Volunteers." General Note: Editor: Richard B. Locke, 1862-<1863>. General Note: Publisher: R.B. Locke, <1862>; Wm. H. Gould, <1863>.4822oclc - 07489220notis - AKP2803lccn - sn 84022773 System ID: HNC0000836:00001 Contact Us | Permissions | Preferences | Technical Aspects | Statistics | Internal | Privacy Policy © 2004 - 2011 University of Florida George A. Smathers Libraries.All rights reserved. Acceptable Use, Copyright, and Disclaimer Statement Last updated May 24, 2011 - Version 3.0.0 - mvsFriday, October 31, 2014 3:38 pm
By Janet Reusch · Bankrate.com
Estate planning is evolving rapidly in the digital age. Learn how to solidify your legacy.
Wednesday, July 16, 2014 7:05 am
By Dr. Don Taylor · Bankrate.com
It’s better to come to grips with an eventuality by looking at the basics of estate and life planning.
Monday, April 30, 2012 4:31 pm
By Jennie L. Phipps · Bankrate.com
Is your estate plan ready for the 21st century? Does it consider your parents, your dog and your online business? lined up to talk about the Corridor Project, which will reconstruct U.S. 70 through downtown Portales.
The project includes concrete work on streets and all new curb and gutter through the heart of the city. The project is expected to take several months to complete.
“This is a major improvement to Portales streets,” said Chamber Executive Director Karl Terry. “But at the same time, the construction will be a major impact for our residents and for businesses in the area of the construction.”
Terry pointed out that NMDOT has emphasized the work currently ongoing on the north part of U.S. 70 in Portales is a separate project and not as wide in scope as the Corridor Project.
This is the second Quarterly Luncheon held this year, after the event was re-established this fall.
“We hope business and community leaders will take these luncheons as an opportunity to network with their peers and hopefully they’ll come away with information that will matter to their operations,” said Terry.
The luncheon will be Christmas-themed with stuffed porkchops, sweet potato, vegetables and a holiday dessert.
The luncheon is open to both Chamber members and non-members. To reserve a luncheon ticket, visit portales.com by visiting the Community Calendar item or call the chamber at 356-8541.by Tyler, Anne
Publisher:Ballantine Books
Language:English
Evie Decker is a shy, slightly plump teenager with a distant father and hours and hours of silence to fill. Then one night she hears local rock singer Drumstrings Casey on the radioand becomes instantly attracted to his cool, motionless voice. Evie learns that Drumstrings frequently plays at a dingy roadhouse called The Unicorn. So she goes there and, with an uncharacteristically bold gesture, bursts out of her lonely shelland into the attentive gaze of an intangible man who becomes all too real. . . .
Search under way...
Search complete.Angela L. Walker Franklin, Ph.D., who became Des Moines University’s 15th president on March 1, 2011, has worked in higher education for more than 20 years.
Promoting her Inauguration on September 24, 2011, she shared her vision, for DMU becoming a destination institution for individuals committed to learning in an environment that promotes excellence, from the delivery of the curriculum and hands-on learning experiences to faculty development and a curriculum that addresses culturally competent care. The Franklin Fund for Excellence was created to support these efforts and help the University achieve educational excellence in all that we do, toward the goal of preparing highly competent and compassionate health care providers and leaders.
Make a gift today to support the Franklin Commitment to Excellence FundFamily Perches is adding a new team member:
Meet our little Mignon!
Like Bebe, it’s a nickname / nom de blog. Like wrangling Bebe and resettling in our new home and traveling, this summer babe has been keeping me firmly occupied offline these past few months. Lots of silence here, lots of activity in life.
We’re slowly prepping his nest, slogging through the usual medical things, and entertaining Bebe with visions of Sibling-hood. Some times he’s all very “meh…” and others it looks more like this:
“That’s my new baby,” he says. “Babies are fragile. I will kiss him. But he can’t play with my cars, those are for me.”
Ah, siblinghood…
He’s going to make a great big brother!Sunshine’s Videos
Dungeon Commercial from Tim & Eric show
Black and Jewish
Shrim Dance/Experience from Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie
Sunshine - Check It Out Clip
Sunshine Interview
Sunshine singing a capella at the park in L.A.
A Taste of Fear: Return of the Cleveland Torso Killer
Sunshine's Red Carpet Interview with the stars in Hollywood for premier of Tim and Eric's Billion Dollar Movie
Clem Pennington sings Mambo Number 5
Divorce Court
Play The Game clip
Snowline office clip
Browse Videos
Here are all of the videos that Sunshine has uploaded to Vimeo. Appearances are videos that Sunshine has been credited in by others.Posts from 08/20/2008
- Faith BiagiWednesday, Aug 20 at 9:18 PM
- Mount Hood view, from country golf club.Wednesday, Aug 20 at 9:05 PM
- The Jazz festival in Portland Oregon...!Wednesday, Aug 20 at 8:36 PM
- Ruffles guardian of my backyard ...wow!.Wednesday, Aug 20 at 8:34 PM
- House Fire Tualatin areaWednesday, Aug 20 at 7:59 PM
- Polina and LeonardWednesday, Aug 20 at 4:10 PM
- Julie GomezWednesday, Aug 20 at 4:08 PM
- Jim CrosswhiteWednesday, Aug 20 at 9:56 AM
- Martin Handy, Mike Walton and Michael PhamWednesday, Aug 20 at 9:56 AM
- dreaming at Jazz festival in PortlandWednesday, Aug 20 at 5:32 AMTrixie Averill is a military mom who has seen her Army son deployed to Iraq three times during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Although she lives in Roanoke, she drove to Staunton to welcome home the Stonewall Brigade. She was also with us in Charlottesville last June when we stood up to Cindy Sheehan's anti-war protesters with our WIN THE WAR signs.
Photo by SWAC Girl
Photo by SWAC Girl
1 comment:
Who is that crazy man with a beard??Antique stores aren't usually particularly trend-conscious. They're more the kind of place your great aunt might browse to fill out her china collection or pick up an 18th-century credenza. But the Curiosity Shop breaks the mold with a thoughtfully curated selection of on-trend vintage goods. Owner Courtney Laine started out selling on Etsy, scouring junk shops, estate sales, and flea markets across the East Coast for sought-after antiques like blue Bell jars, old silver, cake stands, and soda crates. Her Queen Street shop boasts all of those things plus a selection of for-rent items perfect for styling weddings and other events. The shop's hours are still a little irregular, so call before stopping in.
© 2015 Charleston City PaperStudent journeys from Sierra Leone to Penn State BerksIt's a long way from Sierra Leone to Penn State Berks, but that's the journey that first-year student in the same house.
"Southwest Philadelphia was like Sierra Leone with all the violence and guns," Sheriff explains. 'no' to anything," Sheriff states.  he met a coworker who told him about the ASPIRE program at Penn State Berks.
The ASPIRE program offers admission consideration to students who demonstrate the potential to be successful students, but who may require specialized and structured academic support services. The program is for Pennsylvania residents who are freshmen applicants.
Sheriff met with the ASPIRE program coordinator Yuriko Beaman, and he enrolled at Penn State Berks in the fall of 2009.
During his first semester, Sheriff continued to work full-time while taking classes and he still managed to make the Dean's List.
He comments that he has taken an interest in anatomy and physiology, due in part to one of his professors, Dr. Susan Monk.
"Dr. Monk made the class so interesting," he explains. "She's my motivation. Certain people make their mark on your life."
Sheriff is majoring in Occupational Therapy, and eventually he plans to apply to medical school, yet another leg on his journey to success.FALLBROOK – The Fallbrook Hospital Senior Circle host a talk “A New Year, A New You: Fitness in the Golden Years” on Wed., January 23 at 2 p.m.
Jennifer Paull, DPT, director of rehabilitation services will discuss how to make fitness fun and provide options for all levels.
The event, which is open to the public, will be held at Silvergate, 420 Elbrook Drive in Fallbrook and will include refreshments and a prize drawing. Seating is limited. Call (760) 731-8433 to RSVP.Can't Stand the Rezillos - The (Almost) Complete Rezillos
The Rezillos
Open iTunes to preview, buy and download music.
Album Review
The 1993 re-release of the Rezillos' sole album as such lives up to its name perfectly — Can't Stand the Rezillos: The (Almost) Complete Rezillos is indeed almost the complete collection of work that the band officially released during its heyday-of-punk lifetime. As such it's an absolute killer, divided between the original Can't Stand the Rezillos album and the live Mission Accomplished album, along with both sides of the "Destination Venus"/"Mystery Action" single. Ira Robbins' detailed and appreciative band history also makes note of what's missing for completists' sakes — the original recording of "I Can't Stand My Baby," a remake of the Beatles' "I Wanna Be Your Man," "20,000 Rezillos Under the Sea," and the single version of "Top of the Pops." There's one other excision — the live "Destination Venus" had to be dropped from Mission Accomplished to fit everything else on the disc. But the end result really can't be argued with — the remastering of the studio tracks is solid, the live tracks, while not recorded as clearly as they could have been, get shined up as best as they can. The bemusing killer touch is J Mascis's brief scrawl of appreciation — if anything, he maintains his reputation for being as reticent in print as he is in real life (but his claim that this could be the best bass playing on the Sire label is probably accurate).
Biography
Formed: 1976
Genre: Pop
Years Active: '70s, '80s, '90s, '00s, '10s
Top Albums and Songs by The Rezillos
May 31
Napa, CA
Ticket to BottleRock Napa Valley
Napa Valley Expo
Saturday Jun 27 through Saturday Aug 1
Verdi, NV
Concert Ticket for the Boomtown Casino & Hotel
Boomtown Casino & Hotelburghalshare
Examples
burghal's examples
- "The kids and I got in the closet and prayed," said Jamie Keyes, of Norman, an Oklahoma Burghal suburb that is home to the University of Oklahoma. Emergency authorities in Oklahoma Burghal apprenticed association to break off the anchorage in afflicted areas Tuesday to acquiesce accomplishment. — “5 dead, dozens afflicted as tornadoes hit Plains - Science”,
- Deputy Burghal Advocate John Carvalho Delivers Huge Win for L.A. Congratulations to Deputy Burghal Advocate John Carvalho of the Business and Complex Activity Division, for acceptable a case which resulted in a $4.8 Million acquittal to the Burghal of Los Angeles. — “Deputy city attorney | Blog”, iclp.ntu.edu.tw
- Definition of word from the Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary with audio pronunciations, thesaurus, Word of the Day, and word games. — “Burghal - Definition and More from the Free Merriam-Webster”, merriam-
-. — “Beyond the Burghal Hidage”,
- Download Vamp Trilogy, provided on from Burghal Design. Vamp Trilogy is available in PostScript, TrueType for Macintosh, Windows. An eclectic set of outrageous ornaments and display designs from designer Kate Peters. — “Vamp Trilogy by Burghal Design - Macintosh PostScript - ”,
- That adventure — captured mostly amid Memorial Day and November 2008 — is a real-life attempt for convalescent Newark, which became a attribute of burghal decay, ancestral astriction and abandon in the deathwatch of agitation in 1967. "Brick. — “`Brick City': A real-life ball about Newark, NJ”,
- By the year 1117, Milan managed to become a burghal and was at alternative from the claws of Archbishop. The burghal has been ascent back again until afresh by 1861 it claimed itself a abode as the Kingdom of Italy. — “Travel wear - Right place for your travel cloth and apparel”,
- Burghal definition, (in Scotland) an incorporated town having its own charter and some degree of political independence from the surrounding area. See more. — “Burghal | Define Burghal at ”,
- Vamp includes upper and lower case letters, numbers, symbols and foreign characters, as Save some money, sweetie Get both Vamp and Vamp Bold for $15.00. Seduce Me Twice With. — “VAMP”,
- Burgh·al a. Belonging to a burgh. Related Videos: burghal. Top. Related topics: Dundee. hides. Edward. Post a question - any question - to the WikiAnswers community: Copyrights: Dictionary. Webster 1913 Dictionary edited by Patrick J. Cassidy Read more. Follow us. — “burghal: Information from ”,
- This burghal marks the starting point of the El Camino Real: the band Yet on the flipside, San Diego is a alive burghal with affluence of suburbs and burghal citizenry who drive to work. — “Richness of San Diego Extends to San Diego Hotels”, 212
- The Burghal Hidage is a unique document, a list of Wes***'s fortified burhs which reveals a degree of organisation rare for this They were much more than a local and communal defence, the Burghal Hidage indicating a much clearer centralised national effort, and there was a. — “Alfred's towns, the burhs”, ogdoad.force9
- Save 50%!Burghal Rider. 50% Buy Buy Bicycles. views:167 visit(s) Sale Burghal Rider. RRP £99.00. NOW £49.99. 1. 18inch lightweight aluminium frame. 2. Shimano gear. — “[Cheap] Save 50%!Burghal Rider - Pop Voucher Codes”,
- GemStone IV is a MUD-style fantasy role-playing game set in a medieval world of magic where you can meet friends, find romance or take on ferocious foes with your fellows. The burghal gnomes' tendency to build their compounds (usually built of brick-lined subterranean rooms and passages) near magical. — “play.net >> GemStone IV >> Races”,
- Try and download original fonts of the Burghal Design from . — “Download Burghal Design Fonts - ”,
- Don't you HATE it when this happens? You're protesting the war in Iraq, and the other protesters keep pointing at you and giggling. There's only one solution To further your cause, you need Burghal Design's Peace font. — “Peace font family " MyFonts”,
- Burghal Design Standard License. Burghal Design End User License Agreement. 1. Standard Use Agreement: This software, including the font programs it contains, is owned by Burghal Design is protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. — “Find, try, buy and download fonts online : MyFonts”,
- Definition of Burghal in the Online Dictionary. Meaning of Burghal. Pronunciation of Burghal. Translations of Burghal. Burghal synonyms, Burghal antonyms. Information about Burghal in the free online English dictionary and encyclopedia. — “Burghal - definition of Burghal by the Free Online Dictionary”,
- Hip hop shirts are an important allotment of men's apparel. New burghal cast name t-shirts - custom airbrushed or off the arbor are a hot account for men who. — “Hip Hop Shirts | Female Metal Feast”,
- Definition of Burghal in the Legal Dictionary - by Free online English dictionary and encyclopedia. What is Burghal? Meaning of Burghal as a legal term. What does Burghal mean in law?. — “Burghal legal definition of Burghal. Burghal synonyms by the”, legal-
- The Burghal Hidage is an Anglo-Saxon document providing a list of the fortified burhs in Wes*** and elsewhere in southern England. The burhs of Wes***, listed in the Burghal Hidage, formed part of a system built by King Alfred, arguably in the years 878-9. Other burhs were built. — “Burghal Hidage - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia”,
Images
related images for burghal
- 17 Lydford 140 21 Lyng 100 Map A location of the burhs numbers refer to the table above ~~~~ Map C shows the relative sizes of the burhs along with their geographic distribution Note the importance of the heartland of Wes*** and the Thames
- Tabacon Thermal Springs Costa Rica Madison Square Park New York City on a Cloudy Day
- burghal rider yellow jpg
-
- for a market and fair in 1304 Following the confiscation of his estates in 1322 no further reference to Hale`s burghal period appears in the records The Mediaeval Period 14th century
- ~~~~ Map C shows the relative sizes of the burhs along with their geographic distribution Note the importance of the heartland of Wes*** and the Thames
- Saxon London in a tale of two cities The early years of Lundenwic
- Early Medieval Emporia Distribution of Sceattas in England and on the Continent
- Great Sites Hamwic Hamwic Saxon Southampton an 8th century port and production centre
- considerable and honourable chapter of burghal history It is now time to schedule chronologically the publications as the real items of the author s biographical calendar
- Remember when a coyote was a light boned rangy member of the canine family and not the name spelled C A O T I of your neighbor s four year old daughter When a cricket was a leaping
- Casualty Type Commonwealth War Dead Grave Memorial Reference Burghal 6464 Name OLIVER WILLIAM MURRAY Initials W M
Videos
related videos for burghal
- Kuya Dhan Burgh Al Arab Dubai UAE
- Papermoon - Zayed Papermoon - "Zayed" (c) 2006 - a Tribute Song to the Father of the Nation His Highness Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan al Nahayan. Music&Lyrics by Christof Straub The song "Zayed" was written and produced for the Higher Colleges of Technology Abu Dhabi Education without borders 2005. His Highness Sheikh Nahayan ordered the Production of a Music Video for the song in 2006. Locations were: Burgh al Arab, Dubai - Emirates Palace, Abu Dhabi - Corniche, Abu Dhabi - Marina Project&Palm Island, Dubai - Al Ain. Production Company: Illuminati Film Director: Stefan Tauber Editior/Cutter: Ramon Rigoni Lyrics: There was a dream that seemed to be impossible There was a man, determined to succeed Son of the desert, good and true, invincible You were the one to make our lives complete With a vision of brotherhood of a leader and a king You were the one, the wind beneath our wings There was a plan, that made you unforgettable There was an aim, humble and true You did understand your people and your history Taking the chance, to do what´s right and good With the sharp view of a bird of prey and a precious heart of gold You were the one to make our wings unfold For all the visions you believed in For the goals you have ...
- Burj al arab dubai Quiick tour of the 19th floor of the Burg al arab hotel in Dubai
- "Dubai" Lagalag1's photos around Dubai, United Arab Emirates A TripAdvisor™ TripWow slideshow of a travel blog to Dubai, United Arab Emirates by TravelPod blogger Lagalag1 titled "Dubai". TravelPod is a company of TripAdvisor™. Lagalag1's travel blog entry: "City tour by private car with driver,a Pakistani woman. Saw the beach ,the Dubai museum and the hotel,Burgh Al Arab (icon of Dubai) Ate lunch at the Golden Fork Restaurant-fried tilapia and sinigang the hipon.The chef must be a Filipino. Had high tea at the Burg Al Arab Hotel.One can not go inside the hotel without a restaurant reservation,besides being a guest. The architecture is glitzy and science fiction like.It was advertised as 7 star hotel.There are lots of Filipino workers in the hotel, The exterior have changing colors at night.Some of the walls are golden. Took a taxi back to the hotel. Had kentucky fried chicken for dinner." Read and see more at: Photos from this trip: 1. "Dubai" 2. "Dubai museum" 3. "Wind tower dubai museum" 4. "Persian gulf" 5. "Beach in dubai" 6. "Dubai mosque" 7. "Butg al arab hotel" 8. "Burgh al arab hotel" 9. "View from hotel" 10. "Hotel" 11. "Bridge to the burgh al arab hotel" 12. "Burg al arab hotel" 13. "Burgh al arb hotel" 14. "Restaurant on top" 15. "Burgh al arab hotel little pool" 16. "Inside burgh al arab hotel" 17. "Atrium of the burgh al arb hotel" 18. "High tea" See this TripWow and more at
- Burj Al Arab -World's only seven star hotel Burj Al Arab -World's only seven star hotel located in the hub of business in the middle east--Dubai
- The Burghal Forest An experimental film produced for school. The goal was an exploration of forest life juxtaposed with city life.
On Twitter
twitter about burghal
Blogs & Forum
blogs and forums about burghal
“Category: story ,The arch accident of New York Alley Runners, the ING New York Burghal Chase is one of the new-york-marathon - Google Blog Search. Posted by Masterjosh over 41”
— New york marathon | News,
“Pligg Content Management System So why would a Springfield, MA breadth aggressive blog focus so abundant absorption on the mayor of Boston? Well, aboriginal of all, Boston as the better burghal in New England is a centermost of centralized clearing for the”
— Boston mayor | Blog, iclp.ntu.edu.tw
“Pligg Content Management System kansas burghal wizards,kansas city,kansas burghal fc | Edutainment blog. Posted by antothepenguin over 41 years View profile”
— Kansas city wizards | Blog,
“Carter Beckham's blog - Urban accouterment is articular with the hip-hop culture, and by extension, with mostly adolescent humans who are complex in \'extreme\' sports. If you are a hip-hop lover or an acute sports enthusiast, again you are”
— Mahiram Social Network - Carter Beckham's blog - Wholesale,
“add a blog post. my blog. most recent. highest rated. most viewed. top favorites. most comments blog. member. group. message. He connected to body and redevelop burghal band malls. Welcome”
— He connected to body and redevelop burghal band malls - Get,
“Bume Martin's blog - These days, the burghal actualization has stormed the market. Everybody needs new men\'s jackets to abrasion burghal”
— Social Network - Bume Martin's blog - Wanting for the Best,
“Bret Debussy's blog - Urban accouterment is articular with the hip-hop culture, and by extension, with mostly adolescent humans who are complex in \'extreme\' sports. If you are a hip-hop lover or an acute sports enthusiast, again you are”
— Social Network e- - Bret Debussy's blog, e-
“Category: story. Second Burghal Creative accommodate aerial affection media training and In the Second City| In the Second Burghal blog, honoluluadvertiser”
— Second city | News 4you,
Keywords
related keywords for burghal
- burghal hidage
- bulgar wheat
- burghal definition
- burghul recipe
- burghul wheat
- burghal rider
- burghal design
- burghal recipes
- burghal gnome
- burghal fonts
- burghal hidage burpham
- burghal hidage text
- burghal hidage halwell
- burghal hidage exeter
- burghal hidage oxford
- burghal hidage amazon
- burghal hidage southampton
- the burghal hidageIt was nearly one week ago when Nintendo announced the Wii Mini, to which the majority of gamers scratched their heads and exclaimed, “Why?!” as it strips away the Wii’s Internet connectivity, ability to play GameCube games and is SD card slot-less. It turns out all of those stripped features were necessary in order to keep the Wii Mini within its launch price point of $99.99, according to Nintendo of Canada’s communications director Matt Ryan.
“We want the system to be as affordable as possible to everybody, and the widest audience possible. By taking out functionality, that allows us to keep the cost down.”
As for why the Wii Mini is launching only in Canada at this point, Ryan admits the country is being used as a test market for Nintendo’s stripped down Wii Mini. Depending on the console’s success in Canada, it could make its way to other countries afterwards. Seeing how the Wii U currently retails for over $300 and the Wii retailing for around $150, we’re not entirely sure how the Wii Mini could be a success as it lacks a lot of what made the Wii so appealing to begin with.Oscommerce assignments
This project was successfully completed by phpwebsoft for $200 USD in 8 days.Get free quotes for a project like this
Completed by:
Skills Required
Project Budget$30 - $250 USD
Completed In8 days
Total Bids14
Project Description
1. Stock Adjusments in checkout process php and/or paypal payment module, so it substract from product allready when order has order status "Preparing [PayPal Standard]". And combine it to a existing addon ([url removed, login to view]) that would put products back in stock when order is put to orderstatus: canceled.
2. Add a admin toolbar on top of frontend websshop (when logged in as admin)
This fuctions/links are important:
- Edit product (goes to admin backend to edit current product)
- Edit categories (goes to admin to current category/subcategory for editing)
- Edit quicktext to categories (goes to admin backend to Subcategory textbox editor )
- Link to admin
- Add product (to current category)
Example pictureGourmet Chicken Grub is an excellent addition to any chicken's daily diet. 100% natural, with no artificial colors, preservatives, or flavors. Chicken Grub Mealworm + Cricket promotes the growth of strong, glossy feathers and is an ideal source of protein, vitamins, essential fats, and amino acids. Especially beneficial when added to any laying hen's diet. 14-oz container.
Ingredients:
Mealworms (Tenebrio Molitor) and Crickets (Teleogryllus Emma).Figures.
Citation: Nokes DJ, Abwao J, Pamba A, Peenze I, Dewar J, Maghenda JK, et al. (2008) Incidence and Clinical Characteristics of Group A Rotavirus Infections among Children Admitted to Hospital in Kilifi, Kenya. PLoS Med 5(7): e153. doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153
Academic Editor: Kim Mulholland, Centre for International Child Health, Australia
Received: April 30, 2007; Accepted: June 5, 2008; Published: July 22, 2008
Copyright: © 2008 Nokes et al. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.
Funding: Support was provided by The Wellcome Trust (061584, 076278), the Kenya Medical Research Institute and the MRC Diarrhoeal Pathogens Research Unit, South Africa. At an institutional level the funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, or preparation of this manuscript. As for all studies undertaken within KEMRI, the manuscript was reviewed by their publications committee prior to providing permission to publish. No other funder played a role in the decision to publish this manuscript.
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; DSS, demographic surveillance system; GARV, group A rotavirus; IQR, interquartile range; KDH, Kilifi District Hospital; MUAC, mid-upper arm circumference; OR, odds ratio; WHO, World Health Organization
Editors' Summary
Background.
Rotavirus is a leading global cause of diarrhea in babies and young children. Indeed, most children become infected at least once with this virus before their fifth birthday. Rotavirus is usually spread by children or their caregivers failing to wash their hands properly after going to the toilet and then contaminating food or drink. The symptoms of rotavirus infection—diarrhea, vomiting, and fever—are usually mild, but if the diarrhea is severe it can quickly lead to dehydration. Mild to moderate dehydration can be treated at home by providing the patient with plenty of fluids or with a special rehydration drink that replaces lost water and salts. However, for infants or toddlers who become severely dehydrated, rehydration with intravenous fluids (fluids injected directly into a vein) in hospital may be essential. Unfortunately, in developing countries in sub-Saharan Africa and elsewhere, this treatment is not widely available and every year more than half a million young children die from rotavirus infections.
Why Was This Study Done?
Two rotavirus vaccines that could reduce this burden of disease are currently undergoing clinical trials to determine their effectiveness in sub-Saharan Africa. However, very little is known about the incidence of severe rotavirus infections among children living in this region (that is, how many children develop severe disease every year) or about the clinical characteristics of the disease here. Public-health officials need this baseline information before they can make informed decisions about the mass introduction of rotavirus vaccination and to help them judge whether the intervention has been successful if it is introduced. In this study, the researchers examine the incidence and clinical characteristics of rotavirus infections (specifically, group A rotavirus [GARV] infections; there are several different rotaviruses but GARV causes most human infections) among children admitted to the district hospital in Kilifi, Kenya.
What Did the Researchers Do and Find?
During the 3-year study, more than 15,000 children under the age of 13 years were admitted to Kilifi District Hospital, a little under a quarter of whom had severe diarrhea. Nearly a third of the patients admitted with diarrhea who were tested had a GARV-specific protein in their stools (faeces); by contrast, only three in 100 children admitted without diarrhea showed any evidence of GARV infection. Two-thirds of the GARV-positive children were infants (under 1 year old). Using these figures and health surveillance data (records of births, deaths, and causes of death) collected in the area around the hospital, the researchers calculated that the annual incidence (per 100,000 children) of GARV-positive hospital admissions in the region was 1,431 for infants and 478 for children under age 5 years. Children with GARV-positive diarrhea were less likely to have other illnesses (for example, malnutrition) than those admitted with GARV-negative diarrhea, the researchers report, but were more likely to have life-threatening complications such as severe dehydration and salt imbalances in their blood. However, despite being more ill on admission, only 1 in 50 children with GARV-positive diarrhea died, compared to nearly 1 in 10 of the children with GARV-negative diarrhea; the GARV-positive children also left hospital quicker than those who were GARV-negative.
What Do These Findings Mean?
These findings indicate that severe GARV-positive diarrhea is a major cause of hospital admission among otherwise healthy young children in the Kilifi region of Kenya. By the time they are 5 years old, the researchers estimate that 1 in 50 of the children living in this region will have been admitted to hospital with severe GARV-positive diarrhea. Because rotavirus vaccines prevent virtually all severe rotavirus-associated disease (at least in developed countries where their effectiveness has been extensively tested), the researchers estimate that vaccination might prevent more than 28,000 hospitalizations annually across Kenya; however, this prediction assumes that it is valid to extrapolate from the data obtained from this one district hospital to the entire country.
Additional Information.
Please access these Web sites via the online version of this summary at.
- The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention provides information about rotavirus infections, surveillance, and vaccination (in English and Spanish)
- The UK National Health Service Direct health encyclopedia provides information on rotavirus infections
- MedlinePlus also provides links to information on rotavirus (in English and Spanish)
- The African Rotavirus Surveillance Network is working to improve knowledge about rotavirus infections in Africa
- The Rotavirus Vaccine Program aims to reduce child illness and death from diarrhea by increasing the availability of rotavirus vaccines in developing countries (in English and Spanish)
- PATH, a nonprofit international organization that aims to create sustainable, culturally relevant solutions to global health problems, also provides detailed information on rotavirus surveillance and disease burden
Introduction
Rotavirus is a major cause of severe diarrhoea worldwide causing in excess of 2 million hospitalisations per annum in under-5-y-old children [1], and group A rotavirus (GARV) is responsible for the vast majority of this disease [2]. In terms of both morbidity and mortality, the greatest burden of GARV diarrhoea falls on young children living in less-developed countries [1,3], with Africa only second behind the Indian subcontinent in suffering the major disease impact [1]. Two vaccines directed against this virus have been shown to be safe and highly effective [4,5], and trials of effectiveness are now in progress in sub-Saharan Africa. Evidence-based decisions regarding the wide-scale use of rotavirus vaccine intervention will benefit from accurate baseline estimates of the incidence and clinical characteristics of GARV in representative target populations [6,7].
Considerable effort has been expended in defining the burden of GARV-associated diarrhoeal disease burden in Africa. A recent review of data from 14 countries within the region reported a median prevalence of GARV in children admitted to hospitals with diarrhoea of 24% (range 13%–55%), 81% in children < 12 mo of age [8]. In Kenya, GARV has been identified in 14%–39% of hospital diarrhoea cases [9–11]. More recently rotavirus surveillance has intensified through the support of the African Rotavirus Network [12] and Rotavirus Vaccine Program [13]. Nevertheless, there is a remarkable paucity of data on GARV incidence where the population from which the patients arise is demographically well defined. Furthermore, the clinical spectrum of GARV presentations is not well characterised. Accurate incidence estimation and clear case definitions are vital components for the evaluation of vaccine trial planning and programme evaluation. The objectives of this study were to define these components among paediatric inpatients in Kilifi.
Methods
Study Location and Population
The study was conducted at Kilifi District Hospital (KDH) in a rural area on the coast of Kenya. The population of Kilifi District are predominantly subsistence farmers of the Mgiriama tribe. Malaria transmission occurs in this area throughout the year, with peaks in November–January and May–August following seasonal rains. The paediatric wards at KDH include a 36-bed general ward and a six-bed high-dependency unit, which together admit over 5,000 children each year. A standardized clinical history, examination, and routine set of investigations (haematology, malaria parasite microscopy, and blood culture) are conducted on all admitted children [14–17] and the data entered directly into a computer database. Further investigations, including blood gas and biochemical analysis, are undertaken at the discretion of the admitting clinician and dependent on the needs of research studies in progress.
Since 2000 a demographic surveillance system (DSS) has followed a population of approximately 220,000 individuals residing in the area close to KDH [18]. The DSS area encompasses 891 km2 and includes 15 administrative locations, which are further divided into 40 sublocations (Figure 1). This area included the residences of 80% of children admitted to KDH in the period 1998–2000. Every household was mapped and censused in 2000–2001 and was re-enumerated at subsequent visits; in total there have been ten enumeration rounds to-date, six occurring during the present 3 y study. A resident was defined as an individual who lives (sleeps more than 50% of nights) in the identified homestead or who intends to live there for a period of ≥ 3 mo and has already spent at least one night there. Births, deaths, and in- and out-migration events are recorded at re-enumeration visits; births and deaths among children are also recorded at the maternity department, vaccine clinic, and wards of KDH. All sources of demographic data are uploaded within 48 h to an integrated database system. From 16 April 2002 we have attempted to match each child admitted to KDH paediatric ward to the register of DSS residents to create accurate correspondence between numerator and denominator data for incidence estimates.
Sublocation data was pooled with nearest neighbour data where diarrhoea admissions in children under 5 y was less than 20 cases over the period of surveillance. (Using DSS data from Figure 2 of reference [34].)
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153.g001
Percentages within a box refer to the proportion sampled from the preceding box, except where describing the breakdown of reasons why stools were not collected (entitled “No stool”). “Time limit” indicates children who ceased to be eligible because they failed to provide a stool sample within 24 hours of admission. Absence of laboratory results for stool samples collected (*) was due to insufficient sample or mismatch of laboratory and admission numbers. In total 1,257 children with diarrhoea were not tested (NT) for GARV.
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153.g002
Rotavirus Surveillance
All children aged < 13 y admitted to the wards of KDH with a history of diarrhoea between 01 January 2002 and 31 December 2004 were eligible for inclusion in the study. These children are termed “cases.” Diarrhoea was defined as passing three or more loose stools during the preceding 24 h. To estimate the prevalence of GARV infection in the absence of diarrhoeal disease we studied a group of children who were admitted to the ward but who did not have a history of diarrhoea; these patients are termed “controls” in the study. Controls were contemporaneous to cases, randomly selected in a ratio of one control to each three cases of diarrhoea, with frequency matching to diarrhoea cases by age class. Stool samples were collected as soon as possible after completion of the recruitment process. To prevent possible confusion from nosocomial transmission, diarrhoea cases and nondiarrhoea controls became ineligible for recruitment 24 h after admission.
HIV diagnostic counselling and testing were not established in the wards at the time of this study and approval was not sought to determine the HIV status of the study patients. Written informed consent was obtained from the parent or caretaker of each participant. Ethical approval was granted for the study by the Kenyan National Research Ethical Committee and by the Coventry Research Ethics Committee, UK.
Laboratory Analysis
Stool samples were stored at −80 °C until shipment on dry ice for screening at the MRC Diarrhoeal Pathogens Research Unit, South Africa. GARV antigen testing was conducted using an enzyme immunoassay (IDEIA Rotavirus, DakoCytomation) according to the manufacturers instructions. GARV-positive samples from controls were tested for viral genome pattern by PAGE as described previously [19].
Data Analysis
Analyses were performed by use of STATA v8.2 (StataCorp). Incidence was defined as the number, among residents, of cases per 100,000 person-years of observation within age and location strata, with Poisson-based 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Person-years of observation were defined as the midstudy resident population multiplied by the number of years of linked surveillance (2.71 y, i.e., 16 April 2002 to 31 December 2004). The resident population of the DSS at the midpoint of the study (24 August 2003) was interpolated from the linear equation determined by regressing population size (log10) for all ten enumeration rounds against the mid-date of each round. The midstudy population size for a sublocation was estimated as the midpoint resident population weighted by the fraction of individuals within that sublocation at the enumeration round with mid-date 30 May 2003. A sublocation was defined as near to the district hospital if part of its boundary fell within a circle of 5 km radius with KDH at its centre. The population of resident under-5-y-olds within this area represented 42% of the total in the DSS, and accounted for 43% of all resident diarrhoea admissions. Among patients with diarrhoea we examined the association between rotavirus infection and a range of clinical signs and symptoms, and coexisting illnesses. We defined severe malnutrition using a combination of mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC), visible severe wasting, and bipedal oedema [20]. The diagnosis of severe pneumonia, very severe pneumonia, and shock followed modified WHO definitions [21,22]. Further categorisations on the basis of clinical and laboratory findings were as described previously [23,24]. Proportions were compared using the Fisher exact test (two-tailed) with exact 95% CIs and equality of distributions evaluated using the Wilcoxon rank-sum test. Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) were determined using logistic regression.
Results
Over the 3-y period 15,347 children aged < 13 y of age were admitted to KDH. There were 3,296 diarrhoea cases with a median age of 13 mo (interquartile range [IQR] 8–23 mo); 1,397 (42%) were female. For 35% (1,145) of cases a stool sample was not collected, for the reasons detailed in Figure 2, with the most important being a failure to provide a sample within the 24 h time limit postadmission. Relative to those who did provide a stool specimen, those who did not were more likely to be admitted directly to the high-dependency ward (15% versus 4%, p < 0.001) and to die before discharge (13% versus 7%, p < 0.001). One hundred twelve diarrhoea cases who provided a stool sample had no GARV test results. An analysis of the possible bias upon rotavirus incidence and severity characteristics from omission of the 1,257 eligible cases who were not GARV tested, provided evidence that the influence was not substantial (see Table S1 and Text S1). There were 12,051 patients admitted without diarrhoea, of whom 1,067 were selected as controls. The median age of the control group was 11 mo (IQR 4–22 mo); 455 (43%) were female. Reasons for failure to collect a stool sample from controls were in similar proportions to cases (Figure 2). The severity differential in sampled and nonsampled controls was also similar to that of cases. Among children tested for GARV antigen in the diarrhoea and control groups, the age (median 12.5 versus 12.2 mo, p = 0.219) and sex (proportion female 43% versus 42%, p = 0.926) distributions were very similar.
GARV-Associated Diarrhoea: Seasonality and Age Distribution
Twenty-nine percent (588/2,039) of stool samples tested positive for GARV antigen (Table 1). This proportion did not vary significantly by calendar year (p = 0.686) or by sex (p = 0.199). Variation in the monthly GARV-positive cases mirrored approximately the pattern of diarrhoea admissions but had no clear seasonal pattern or obvious association with weather indicators (see Figure S1). Of all diarrhoea cases 83% were aged 3–17 mo (Table 2) and the proportion of cases GARV positive was higher in this age group (37%) than among other children (14%). While 19% of cases under 3 mo old were GARV positive, only 3% of all GARV positives were found in this age group.
The Incidence (Per 100,000 Per Year) of Severe Diarrhoea and GARV-Positive Severe Diarrhoea Estimated from Surveillance of Admissions to Kilifi District Hospital, Kenya 2002–2004
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153.t001
Age Distribution of Paediatric Cases of Diarrhoea Tested for GARV and Those Found GARV-Positive from Admissions to KDH, Kenya between 01 January 2002 and 31 December 2004
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153.t002
GARV in Children Admitted without Diarrhoea
Of the 620 control specimens, 19 (3.1%; 95% CI 1.9%–4.7%) tested positive for GARV. This proportion did not vary by calendar year or by sex. PAGE analysis identified GARV RNA in 14 (74%) of the 19 positives. A review of the clinical records confirmed that none of the GARV-positive controls gave a history of diarrhoea in the week prior to admission.
The Community Burden of GARV-Associated Diarrhoea
The incidence rates for admission to KDH with diarrhoea and with GARV-associated diarrhoea are shown in Table 1. We assume to be negligible the proportion of GARV-positive children whose diarrhoea was not the result of rotavirus infection, and as a consequence make no adjustment to these incidence figures to account for potential false-positive results. Incidence estimates assume that the proportion GARV positive in cases tested applies to all diarrhoea admissions whether or not tested. For children under 5 y of age, the incidence (per 100,000 per annum) of GARV-positive diarrhoea admissions was estimated at 478. For comparison, during the same period the incidence rates for admissions of under-5-y-olds with severe or very severe pneumonia, bacteraemia, or a final diagnosis that included malaria were 2,125, 325, and 2,639, respectively. Variation between sublocations of the DSS in the incidence of GARV-positive diarrhoea for children under 5 y is shown in Figure 1. For residents living near KDH the annual incidence of GARV-positive diarrhoea admissions in children < 5 y was estimated at 839 (95% CI 779–901) as opposed to 354 (95% CI 332–377) for residents from further away.
Severity of Diarrhoea and Concurrent Illness by Rotavirus Status
The clinical and laboratory features of GARV-positive and GARV-negative cases are compared in Table 3. Relative to GARV-negative cases, GARV-positive children presented with acute nonbloody diarrhoea or vomiting more frequently, and had a higher prevalence of life-threatening complications at admission including severe dehydration (sunken eyes), deep breathing (a correlate of metabolic acidosis), and severely perturbed biochemical parameters (hypernatraemia, hypokalaemia, severe metabolic acidosis, or elevated creatinine, but not hyponatraemia), all of which require prompt intravenous correction. Compared to the GARV-negative cases, GARV-positive children had a lower prevalence of concomitant illnesses including clinical pneumonia, malnutrition, and laboratory-confirmed malaria or bacterial infection (Table 3). The median age of GARV-positive cases (10 mo, IQR 7–15 mo) was significantly lower than that of GARV-negative cases (14 mo, IQR 9–25 mo) (p < 0.001). ORs for each feature, adjusted for potential confounding by age, retain the pattern described above (Table 3). The effect on this analysis of adjusting for distance from KDH (near versus far) was negligible and is not included.
Clinical, Laboratory, and Outcome Characteristics, Stratified by GARV Status, in Paediatric Diarrhoea Admissions to Kilifi District Hospital, Kenya 2002 to 2004
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153.t003
Bacterial pathogens were isolated from the blood of 13/588 (2%) GARV-positive cases and 96/1451 (6.6%) GARV-negative cases (Table 3). Isolates from GARV-positive patients included group A β-haemolytic streptococci (2), Staphylococcus aureus (1), Acinetobacter sp. (5), Pseudomonas sp. (2), Klebsiella sp. (2), and Salmonella sp. (1). Those from GARV-negative cases included Streptococcus pneumoniae (22), Escherischia coli (21), and Salmonella sp. (21), the remainder comprising group A β-haemolytic streptococci (9), Haemophilus influenzae (7), Acinetobacter sp. (6), S. aureus (5), Pseudomonas sp. (4), Campylobacter sp. (2), Klebsiella sp. (1), Shigella sp. (1) and a gram-negative coccus (1). In four GARV-negative cases two species were coinfecting.
Mortality and Duration of Hospital Inpatient Stay by GARV Status
The proportion of GARV-positive cases remaining in hospital for more than 12 d (3%) was significantly lower than that in GARV-negatives (16%) (Table 3). Mean durations of hospital stay were 5.2 d and 7.5 d, respectively. In-hospital mortality in GARV-positive cases was 2%, significantly lower than in GARV-negative cases (9%) (Table 3). Relative to GARV-negatives, the age-adjusted OR of death in GARV-positives was 0.21 (95% CI 0.11–0.41; p < 0.001). The differential in mortality is primarily attributable to the high prevalence of severe malnutrition amongst the GARV-negative group compared to GARV-positives (37% versus 14%, p < 0.001, Table 3), and concomitant higher case fatality in the GARV-negative, compared to GARV-positive, malnourished children (21% versus 6%, p = 0.001). Further analyses of factors associated with in-hospital mortality in diarrhoea cases are presented in Table S2 and Text S2.
Four of the GARV-positive children with diarrhoea who died had malnutrition and one had a lower respiratory tract infection. The mean annual number of in-hospital deaths among resident diarrhoea cases under 5 y old was 48, of which 3.6% were GARV positive. Similarly, the annual number of deaths in resident infant diarrhoea cases was 18, of which 4.9% were GARV positive. These data yield estimated rates (per 100,000 per year) of hospital deaths attributable to diarrhoea of 120 (95% CI 100–143) in children under 5 y, and 228 (168–301) in infants, and corresponding estimates of hospital deaths attributable to GARV-positive diarrhoea of 5 (2–11) and 9 (1–34), respectively (note that these are based on small numbers of deaths).
Discussion
In our study, conducted in a rural district hospital in Kenya over a 3-y period, GARV was identified in 29% of children admitted with diarrhoea. The prevalence was highest in the youngest children: 38% in those < 1 y of age and 30% in under-5-y-olds. We estimated the annual incidence (per 100,000 population) of GARV-associated hospitalisations with acute severe diarrhoea at 1,275–1,600 in children under 1 y of age, 437–521 in children under 5 y, and 187–223 in those under 13 y, similar figures to those reported in industrialised nations with greater access to health care and diagnostic facilities [1]. Our data suggest that in the area served by our hospital, over 1% of infants are hospitalised with severe GARV-associated diarrhoea each year. By 5 y of age, over 2% of children will have been hospitalised with GARV diarrhoea (Table 1); by extrapolation, therefore, given the under-5-y population of Kenya (5.98 million in 2005 [25]), in the nation as a whole an effective rotavirus vaccine could prevent in excess of 28,000 hospital admissions in this age group every year. Our incidence estimates include only the children who present to hospital with diarrhoea; the under-ascertainment implicit in this method is reflected by the fact that the estimated incidence was over 70% higher for the population immediately served by KDH than for the DSS as a whole. It is likely that our current study represents a conservative estimate of the true burden of rotavirus disease.
External validity of these data is an important consideration in making extrapolations. KDH paediatric care is unusually well resourced for a Kenyan district hospital. However, apart from mortality and in-patient stay, the characteristics of the study participants (detailed in Table 3) are determined at admission, and uninfluenced by in-patient management. Furthermore, there is no evidence that local knowledge of the high quality care at KDH influences admission rates. At the time of this study demographic and health indicators for Kilifi District were not dissimilar to much of Kenya [26].
Only a small proportion (3%) of children without diarrhoea (controls) were found to be GARV positive. This provides assurance that the vast majority of the observed GARV-associated severe diarrhoea is potentially GARV-vaccine preventable. Few studies have investigated the prevalence of rotavirus shedding in the absence of disease [27], and yet asymptomatic rotavirus infection [27–29] and prolonged excretion have both been reported in children [27,30,31], in particular in neonates. It is of interest that five of 19 positive controls in this study were less than 2 wk old, because subclinical infection and associated prolonged virus shedding, particularly within young infants, may play an important role in the spread of GARV infection. Consistent with previous studies [8] we found that the major burden (85%) of GARV diarrhoea fell on children under 18 mo of age, and over 60% of cases were in infants. Of importance to the delivery of a vaccine within the current immunization schedule, the proportion of cases in children under 3 mo old was only 3% and in those under 6 mo was 18%.
From the clinical perspective, we found that relative to GARV-negative cases, the GARV-positive children with diarrhoea were more ill on admission, but their clinical signs and symptoms were mainly reflections of fluid loss and electrolyte imbalance and, therefore, readily corrected with the good supportive care available at this hospital. The GARV-negative children admitted with diarrhoea were less acutely unwell at admission but had a higher incidence of coexisting illnesses, such as malnutrition, that were less readily treated and consequently had worse outcomes. Compared with early work in the US [32] we identify a similar clinical picture of higher prevalence of dehydration and vomiting, and short in-hospital stay, in rotavirus-infected relative to uninfected children, with similar age distribution of children with GARV infection but of lower prevalence. However, our findings of a marked differential in the degree of acidosis and electrolyte imbalance between the two groups were not previously identified. While we consider it unlikely that there was a substantial systematic bias in the distribution of severity characteristics (Table 3) attributable to the group of diarrhoea patients admitted who were not tested for GARV, or to patterns of admission related to distance, these are uncertainties that urge caution in the interpretation of the data.
A limitation with the present study is the bias inevitable with hospital-based surveillance in estimating community incidence of GARV severe diarrhoea and associated mortality. Such estimates are rooted in parental interpretation of what constitutes disease severe enough to warrant hospital attendance. Clearly, this will be linked to factors related to health care utilisation such as ease of access. Possible distortion of the distribution of severity in relation to distance, for example, resulting from children arriving from greater distances representing the more severe cases within their home areas, could lead to overestimation of GARV-positive diarrhoea severity relative to GARV-negative diarrhoea. A further limitation results from the failure to test around one-third of eligible children, and although its effect on the profile of GARV severe disease presented must be considered uncertain, we present some evidence that suggests it is not substantial.
Despite its importance in defining the need for rotavirus vaccines, data on GARV-associated mortality from developing countries are limited [33]. The low mortality reported for cases in the current study may well reflect the fact that these children were ostensibly healthy individuals, and the acute life-threatening metabolic derangements we commonly recorded were readily reversed in the well-functioning setting of KDH. In the majority of African hospitals, which do not provide immediate fluid and electrolyte resuscitation, it seems likely that mortality from GARV would be very much higher.
Supporting Information
Figure S1. GARV-Positive Diarrhoea Admissions to Kilifi District Hospital, Kenya, 2002–2004
Shown are monthly cases of diarrhoea (solid line), tests for GARV (dashed line), and GARV-positives (filled area), with corresponding mean daily rainfall (bars), maximum temperature (°C) (open diamonds), and relative humidity (closed triangles). Climate data was obtained from the national meteorological station Kilifi Institute of Agriculture, Kilifi, Kenya.
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153.sg001
(23 KB PDF)
Table S1. Characteristics of Patients with Diarrhoea Who Were Tested or Not Tested (NT) for GARV, for Children with a Final Diagnosis That Includes Gastroenteritis (GE) at Kilifi District Hospital, Kenya, 2002–2004
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153.st001
(49 KB DOC)
Table S2. Fatality Proportions in Paediatric Diarrhoea Admissions to Kilifi District Hospital, Kenya, with or without a Range of Clinical and Biochemical Features
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153.st002
(46 KB DOC)
Text S1. Implications of the Failure to Collect and Test a Proportion of Diarrhoea Cases
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050153.sd001
(27 KB DOC)
Acknowledgments
We are indebted to the enrolled children and their caregivers, all staff of the paediatrics wards, in particular field workers who collected the samples, senior hospital personnel, and the DSS team. The Kilifi Household and Demographic Surveillance System (HDSS) is affiliated to the INDEPTH Network of Global HDSS sites. The study is published with permission of the Director of KEMRI.
Author Contributions
DJN, AP, and TNW designed the study. JA and JKM undertook laboratory analysis, with training and guidance by IP and JD. Implementation, ward supervision and clinical data interpretation were undertaken by AP and KM. JAGS and TNW established the epidemiological DSS, which is coordinated by EB, and DSS data management is undertaken by HG. DJN led the statistical analysis with support from HG, JAGS, and TNW. DJN wrote the paper with critical revisions by JAGS, KM, and TNW. All authors made critical comments on the manuscript content, and all have approved the final submitted version.
References
- 1. Parashar UD, Hummelman EG, Bresee JS, Miller MA, Glass RI (2003) Global illness and deaths caused by rotavirus disease in children. Emerg Infect Dis 9: 565–572.
- 2. Kapikian AZ, Hoshino Y, Chanock RM (2001) Rotaviruses. In: Knipe DM, Howley PM, editors. Fields Virology. 4th ed.. Philadelphia: Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins. pp. 1787–1833.
- 3. Parashar UD, Gibson CJ, Bresse JS, Glass RI (2006) Rotavirus and severe childhood diarrhea. Emerg Infect Dis 12: 304–306.
-.
-.
- 6. Boslego JW (2006) Phase III clinical trials of rotavirus vaccines and efforts to accelerate introduction to the developing world. Available:. Accessed 17 June 2008.
- 7. World Health Organisation (2007) Rotavirus vaccines. Wkly Epidemiol Rec 82: 285–295.
- 8. Cunliffe NA, Kilgore PE, Bresee JS, Steele AD, Luo N, et al. (1998) Epidemiology of rotavirus diarrhoea in Africa: a review to assess the need for rotavirus immunization. Bull World Health Organ 76: 525–537.
- 9. Mutanda LN (1980) Epidemiology of acute gastroenteritis in early childhood in Kenya: aetiological agents. Trop Geogr Med 32: 138–144.
- 10. Nakata S, Gatheru Z, Ukae S, Adachi N, Kobayashi N, et al. (1999) Epidemiological study of the G serotype distribution of group A rotaviruses in Kenya from 1991 to 1994. J Med Virol 58: 296–303.
- 11. Saidi SM, Iijima Y, Sang WK, Mwangudza AK, Oundo JO, et al. (1997) Epidemiological study on infectious diarrheal diseases in children in a coastal rural area of Kenya. Microbiol Immunol 41: 773–778.
- 12. Steele AD, Ivanoff B (2003) Rotavirus strains circulating in Africa during 1996–1999: emergence of G9 strains and P[6] strains. Vaccine 21: 361–367.
- 13. [No authors listed] (2007) Rotavirus vaccine news. Rotavirus Vaccine Program 2: 1–2. Available:. Accessed 17 June 2008.
- 14. Berkley JA, Lowe BS, Mwangi I, Williams T, Bauni E, et al. (2005) Bacteremia among children admitted to a rural hospital in Kenya. N Engl J Med 352: 39–47.
- 15. Berkley JA, Ross A, Mwangi I, Osier FH, Mohammed M, et al. (2003) Prognostic indicators of early and late death in children admitted to district hospital in Kenya: cohort study. BMJ 326: 361.
- 16..
- 17. English M, Ngama M, Musumba C, Wamola B, Bwika J, et al. (2003) Causes and outcome of young infant admissions to a Kenyan district hospital. Arch Dis Child 88: 438–443.
- 18. Cowgill KD, Ndiritu M, Nyiro J, Slack MP, Chiphatsi S, et al. (2006) Effectiveness of Haemophilus influenzae type b Conjugate vaccine introduction into routine childhood immunization in Kenya. JAMA 296: 671–678.
- 19. Steele AD, Alexander JJ (1987) Molecular epidemiology of rotavirus in black infants in South Africa. J Clin Microbiol 25: 2384–2387.
- 20..
- 21. Otieno H, Were E, Ahmed I, Charo E, Brent A, et al. (2004) Are bedside features of shock reproducible between different observers. Arch Dis Child 89: 977–979.
- 22. World Health Organisation (2000) Management of the child with a serious infection or severe malnutrition: Guidelines for care at the first-referral level in developing countries. Geneva: WHO. 162 p. WHO/FCH/CAH/00.1.
- 23. Maitland K, Levin M, English M, Mithwani S, Peshu N, et al. (2003) Severe P. falciparum malaria in Kenyan children: evidence for hypovolaemia. QJM 96: 427–434.
- 24. Pamba A, Maitland K (2004) Capillary refill: prognostic value in Kenyan children. Arch Dis Child 89: 950–955.
- 25. US Census Bureau (2006) IDB Summary Demographic Data for Kenya, 2005. Population Division/International Programs Center. Available:. Accessed 20 October 2006.
- 26. Ministry of Planning and National Development (2003) Kenya demographic and health survey. Nairobi: Central Bureau of Statistics, Government of Kenya.
- 27. Kapikian AZ, Wyatt RG (1992) Viral gastrointestinal infections. In: Feigin RD, Cherry JD, editors. Textbook of Pediatric Infectious Diseases. 3rd Edition.. Philadelphia: WB Saunders. pp. 655–676.
- 28. Cunliffe NA, Rogerson S, Dove W, Thindwa BD, Greensill J, et al. (2002) Detection and characterization of rotaviruses in hospitalized neonates in Blantyre, Malawi. J Clin Microbiol 40: 1534–1537.
- 29. Pager CT, Alexander JJ, Steele AD (2000) South African G4P[6] asymptomatic and symptomatic neonatal rotavirus strains differ in their NSP4, VP8*, and VP7 genes. J Med Virol 62: 208–216.
- 30. Cunliffe NA, Gondwe JS, Kirkwood CD, Graham SM, Nhlane NM, et al. (2001) Effect of concomitant HIV infection on presentation and outcome of rotavirus gastroenteritis in Malawian children. Lancet 358: 550–555.
- 31. Richardson S, Grimwood K, Gorrell R, Palombo E, Barnes G, et al. (1998) Extended excretion of rotavirus after severe diarrhoea in young children. Lancet 351: 1844–1848.
- 32. Rodriguez WJ, Kim HW, Arrobio JO, Brandt CD, Chanock RM, et al. (1977) Clinical features of acute gastroenteritis associated with human reovirus-like agent in infants and young children. J Pediatr 91: 188–193.
- 33. Cunliffe NA, Nakagomi O (2005) A critical time for rotavirus vaccines: a review. Expert Rev Vaccines 4: 521–532.
- 34..- 1
- person in the U.S. has this name View Sherean Hawkins on Whitepages
Meaning & Origins
The meaning of this name is unavailable
English: patronymic from the Middle English personal name Hawkin, a diminutive of Hawk 1 with the Anglo-Norman French hypocoristic suffix -in.
Nicknames & variations
Shereene, Sheren, Sherema, Sherenna, Sherein, Sherenia, Shereem, Sheremy, Shereena, Sheron
Hawk, Hawks, Haskins, Hawkes, Hawkinson, Hawker, Hawke, Hawkey, Hawken, HaakensonLevant mourns Mandela: Lebanon lends its love with Dec. 10 National Madiba Day
Lebanon's national day of mourning for Mandela coincides with South Africa's mass for the late former president in Johannesburg Tuesday (Reuters)
Caretaker Prime Minister Najib Mikati Saturday declared Dec. 10 a day of mourning for former South African President Nelson Mandela, who died earlier this week.
According to a statement from his office, flags at state and municipal buildings will be flown at half mast and television stations will modify their broadcasts as appropriate to “the importance of this great symbol.”
The steps Tuesday will coincide with the mass to be held for Mandela at the open-air football stadium in Johannesburg, South Africa.
Mandela, South Africa's first black president and anti-apartheid icon, died Thursday night after battling with a chronic lung infection for months.
Advertisement
EDITOR’S CHOICE
1 - 4 OF 12Recent News
G May 12, 2015
Drey Cooley will present on “Civil Trial & Appellate Practice” at the Missouri Bar’s 2015 Annual Law Update on May 21, 2015 in St. Louis, Missouri and on June 26, […]
Read more
See full story below.
Read more
SIf our approach appeals to you and we can assist you with legal services, we welcome the opportunity to explore your needs.You’re not from around here, are you?
Posted by Warm Southern Breeze on Monday, July 15, 2013
>>IMAGE…
Walnuts are grown in California.
Peaches, pecans, peanuts are grown in Georgia.
As are sweet Vidalia Onions. But then, nobody wants an onion pie.
‘Course now, in all fairness, and in deference to our Northern brethren, MN does have some role in walnut production – even if it’s almost none at all.
Anyway, it’s just that Minnesota is better known for ludfisk – that excessively salty, gelatinous, protein-robbed, boiled-in-oil-and-soaked-in-lye mess that parades as food. Now, for the Minnesotans reading this, here’s a state resource for growing walnuts.
But one can’t blame them. After all, Minnesota has to be known for something bedsides cold weather. Hell… even the Mayo Clinic moved out of Minnesota. And where did they move to? The warmer climes of Jacksonville, Florida & Scottsdale, Arizona, of course. To be certain, there is a Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota – and it is the original. But you really gotta’ suspect something’s up when folks move away… FAR, FAR away to much warmer, even tropical locales.
But back to the pie.
One good thing about that pie is that it’s not frozen. Minnesotans specialize in that. Freezing, that is.
And I would imagine, that since that pie is probably served HOT, it could be called ANYTHING. It could be called Luau Pie, Pork Pie, or even Cutie Pie. After all, once you get South of the Mason-Dixon Line, things begin to heat up, and not just a wee bit.
‘Course then, if that pie was called “Minnesota Walnut Pie,” it wouldn’t be as tasty, and it’d probably be colder’n Hades, since it wouldn’t be perceived as “exotic” – which is a fancy word meaning “not from around here.”
And THAT my friends, is the definition of an “expert” – that is, someone “not from around here.” More specifically, an “expert” is somebody who carries a briefcase and lives at least 50 miles away.
So, in some way, experts are exotic.
Go figure.
When I was a kid, to me, “exotic” meant women who danced around half-naked, or even fully naked.
I never could figure out why those women didn’t dance that way for their husbands.
Who cares?
Just shut up and eat your pie.
Via Flickr:
Georgia Walnut Pie
One of the best pies out there!
at
Harbor View Café
Pepin, Wisconsin
July 14th 2013
michaelpmccullough said
Dude – you ought to start running endurance events – you’ll need to if you keep eating stuff like this – or do you have a secret “French Paradox” of your own?
Warm Southern Breeze said
This is Scott’s photo. I didn’t eat this. I mean really… “Georgia Walnut Pie”? C’mon, man! That is most definitely NOT Southern! Black Walnut ice cream, I’ve heard of, and enjoyed (as have I enjoyed home made peanut butter ice cream). But this… Lawd have moicy!Hundreds of volunteers gave people the chance to became “lifesavers” around the Quad Cities.
Over 30 stores in the area exchanged life saver candies for donations to the Child Abuse Council. This was part of the organization’s Lifesaver Canister Day on Saturday, June 15, 2013.
The council hopes to raise $105,000 during the day-long collection drive at stores.
The fundraiser also raises awareness to child abuse and neglect issues in the Quad Cities as well as the services that the council provides, according to a spokesperson from the group.Orlando’s Russell Athletic, Capital One Bowl games set
The games are set for Orlando's 2012 Russell Athletic Bowl and Capital One Bowl.
Rutgers and Virginia Tech will meet in the Russell Athletic Bowl on Dec. 28 while the Nebraska Cornhuskers and the Georgia Bulldogs are set to face off on Jan. 1 in the Capital One Bowl, CF News 13 reports.
This will be the first appearance in Orlando for both Rutgers and Virginia Tech. Georgia is making its sixth trip to the Capital One Bowl and the game will mark Nebraska's second appearance in the Capital One Bowl.
The game against Rutgers and Virginia Tech will be the first official Russell Athletic Bowl. In June, Russell Athletic and Florida Citrus Sports announced a partnership. The Capital One bowl will kick off Jan. 1 at 1 p.m.
Last year, the Champs Sports Bowl and Capital One bowl games were expected to generate upward of $80 million in local spending, as previously reported by Orlando Business Journal.WATER RESOURCES RESEARCH GRANT PROPOSAL
Project ID: 2003NY26B
Title: Director's Office Information Transfer
Project Type: Information Transfer
Focus Categories: Management and Planning
Keywords: Education, Water quality management, Nonpoint pollution
Start Date: 03/01/2003
End Date: 02/28/2004
Federal Funds: $0.00
Matching Funds: $20638.00
Congressional District: 22
Principal Investigator: Porter, Keith S. (Cornell University)
Abstract: The Director and
staff of the NYS Water Resources institute carry out numerous public service
activities each year. Most of them are done in conjunction with multidisciplinary
projects funded outside of the Water Resources Research Act context. In order
to cross-link the WRRA activities in this program to many other NYS WRI activities,
a small portion of WRRA resources are devoted to information transfer and
student training functions. The primary objective of this activity is to maintain
rapport with State agencies and key constituencies in environmental, water
supply, agricultural, and other business sectors. A secondary objective is
to involve Cornell University students in public service projects with local
and State government. Most interaction with committees is done via meetings,
telephone calls, and electronic mail exchanges. Student projects are typically
connected to large NYS WRI projects with the same agencies or in the same
geographic locales.
Progress/Completion Report PDFAyatollah Ruhollah Khomeini once famously said: "Economics is for donkeys." Well, looking at the economy of Iran today it is clear that Iran could do with some more donkeys, in the guise of economists. Iran has perhaps the largest combined oil and gas resources in the world. It has about 980 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, and about 132 billion barrels of oil. One cannot say that Iran is a resource-poor country, but it is a resource policy-poor country. The increasingly "conservative" yet risk-taking leadership is driving Iran's economy into the mud.
A major reason behind this is the huge subsidization for gasoline, diesel fuel, and electricity. Energy subsidies may represent as much as 15-20 percent of GDP, or about $35-40 billion per year. Iran also imports one-third of its gasoline needs to the tune of about $4-5 billion per year. The cost of gasoline in Iran is about 40 cents per gallon. This has prompted a huge and increasing demand for gasoline, well beyond what it would be if the price were in tune with the higher cost Iran pays for its gasoline.
The gasoline subsidy is also an indirect subsidy to Iran's automobile industry, which is pumping out 1 million cars a year into the already clogged streets of Tehran, Isfahan, and other cities. The auto industry employs about 500,000 people. So the argument goes that Iran should keep them employed at huge costs to the country's fragile economy.
Each one of those auto jobs likely costs Iran many times the productivity of each of the workers employed. It would make more sense to move auto workers to more competitive industries. But that's not in the cards.
Subsidizing gasoline and the auto industry has lead to vast increases in air pollution and subsequent health problems, especially in Tehran. So we must also factor in the health effects and costs of such subsidies.
Another cost is the "opportunity cost" of the money for subsidizing and importing gasoline and subsidizing the non-competitive auto industry.
Those funds could be going toward developing Iran's severely underinvested oil and gas industries. Maybe the donkeys are right.
Iran has part of the largest natural gas field in the world - what Qatar, which shares the field, calls the North Field, and what the Iranians call South Pars. About half of Iranian natural gas can be found there. Most Iranian oil is located in the southwest of the country, and there are very large new oil fields that have been discovered in the last few years, yet that have not been developed. One of the reasons behind this is the imposition of strict constraints on outside investors: Due to very limiting buyback contracts, investors cannot share in the production and management of the oil fields that they develop.
As an example of the misdirection of resources, take the case of the Oil Stabilization Fund. The fund is designed to stabilize the budget by moving funds from high oil price years to low oil price years. However, it is often ransacked to pay for energy subsidies and gasoline imports. Yet by investing some $75 billion - or just over two years of energy subsidies - Iran could vastly increase its oil production to around 6 million barrels a day from its current 3.9 million barrels a day. For about $85 billion - or two and a half years of energy subsidies - it could bring up to speed its liquefied natural gas trains, pipelines, and production capacities.
Iran also "flares," or burns into the atmosphere, about 7 percent of its natural gas. This is way above the world average, and is a huge waste of resources. Some believe the electricity that could be produced from this flared gas would be equal to about three Bushehr nuclear power plants.
Iran's development of the entire nuclear fuel cycle, not just nuclear power plants, is another misdirection of resources that could bring huge risks to Iran, even destruction. This process will cost tens of billions of scarce revenues. Not even the United States has developed the full fuel cycle.
Arguments that nuclear power is cheap get weaker when we divide the costs of developing the entire nuclear fuel cycle over each bit of electricity produced. Also, Iran has few uranium reserves. Reasonable estimates are that, given a 3,000 to 4,000 megawatt capacity for electricity production, Iran may have five to eight years of uranium in its own reserves. This has to be enriched, built into fuel pellets, put into fuel rods, and so forth.
Iran's argument for nuclear power is that it will have greater energy independence. How does that work when it will need to import uranium for its fuel cycle fairly soon? Another Iranian argument is that if it increasingly produces electricity with nuclear power, it can export more gas and oil. This would be a stronger argument if the Iranians first developed their oil and gas fields. But why set up the entire fuel cycle now, with all the political tensions this has produced and will continue to produce? Why not just develop the nuclear electricity plants, which Iran can do under the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty? Iran hid some of its nuclear facilities for years, until an opposition group let the cat out of the bag. Why hide those facilities if there was nothing to hide?
Iran is engaged in a terrible misuse of its resources. There seems little sense in subsidizing the nuclear industry, imports of gasoline, the auto industry, overall energy, and more, in a country that must make sound economic decisions on every issue, every day, in order to make its people better off. Economics is not for donkeys. It is for development, prosperity, and peace. It's time for Iran's leadership to smell the coffee and start developing their country, so it gets along better with its neighbors and the world. The leaders claim to exist for their people. I wonder.
Paul Sullivan is a professor of economics at the National Defense University and Georgetown University, both in Washington DC.X-Men: Darkest Days
#16841
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:33 PM
- 0
#16842
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:34 PM
IC: [color=#ee82ee;]Nicole[/color] (San Fran, Starbucks)
[color=#ee82ee;]“You’ve probably seen a lot of the world then haven’t you?” she asked him. Nicole looked around with wide blue eyes. “Look at that girls’ cloak of feathers!”[/color]
IC: [color=#4b0082;]Harbinger [/color](Las Vegas)
[color=#4b0082;]I put away my rifle before drawing my eagle and my longsword. I moved forward, unleashing five bullets into the chest of a cop before I sliced through the arms of his comrade. Blood glittered in the air for a moment as the light from the cop cars struck it. Violence was beautiful, and it was right. Kids around the world spent hours in their room playing videogames where they shot people. Well I lived that. I embodied the antagonist they often battled against. I enjoyed it.[/color]
[color=#4b0082;]A cop raised his gun at me ready to fire. Time seemed to slow around me as my reflexes kicked in, I moved to the side slightly as bullets burst past me before I drove a knee into the man’s gut doubling him over. I stuck my blade through him now and placed my gun in his open mouth before I pulled the trigger.[/color]
[color=#4b0082;]There was an small bursting sound as the back of his head popped like fat kids attacking a piñata. I tore my sword out of him and kicked him to the ground. There were little cops left. Even the armored SWAT officers were being torn apart by my assassins. When needed my assassins showed flashes of their powers. Some of them were mutants, some of them were supernatural, and others were simply lethal humans. They were all my students, my children in a sense. That’s what I called them: Children of the Corn.[/color]
[color=#4b0082;]That classic story was very dear to me. It embodied a truth in my own life. Like the children from King’s story we followed a power, an entity within the corn field. But she was out mistress, Death. We killed for her. We hid ourselves amongst the corn before we descended on the living and tore them apart.[/color]
[color=#4b0082;]“Children its time to kill the lights,” I said into my headset. Since we were involved with the Closed Circuit Syndicate many of them were excellent hackers. They’d already been in place. Soon all of the lights in ten blocks in either direction suddenly cut out. The area went pitch black except for the flashing lights of the cop cars and the flames of burning buildings. Not to mention the occasional flash of gunfire.[/color]
[color=#4b0082;]Ah the darkness. How I loved it. My men were trained in the darkness; no they were born again in it. Baptized by the darkness, taught to melt into the shadows and live within them. We were in out element now. The darkness was our cornfield.[/color]
[color=#4b0082;]I ran through the darkness holding a gas-can. As I ran I sprinkled it on the ground behind me, right past the cop cars. When the can was empty I tossed it to the ground before aiming my eagle and firing into the flashing lights of a cop car. There was a shower of sparks. Then there were flames, and explosions. The Children had known to back away, but the cops weren’t so lucky. The cop cars began to ignite one by one, transforming into balls of flame and heat. Men screamed as they were burned and blasted away. Me? I simply smiled before pulling out another cigarette and lighting it. This? This was child's play. I hadn't even revealed my powers yet. They would only be revealed when truly needed. But for now I was simply having fun.[/color]
Edited by Sir Flex Nardius, Feb 01 2013 - 10:53 PM.
- 0
#16843
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:35 PM
[color=#008080;]IC: Ashley – Starbucks –[/color]
[color=#008080;]Ashley's mouth kept an 'O' shape nearly the entire time Alistair explained the Legends of King Arthur and Excalibur and lot's of stuff about how Disney got it wrong. Ashley found this shocking cause the Disney version was the one she grew up on. How could they lie to her like that!? D: [/color]
[color=#008080;]"HOW COULD DISNEY LIE LIKE THAT I TRUSTED THEM!" She exclaimed with a look of betrayal. [/color]
Edited by Snelly, Feb 01 2013 - 10:36 PM.
- 0
My Bzprpg Profiles, Marvel Rebirth Profiles
Skyra | Savina | Darien | Hakari | Mekana | Lana | Oceanna | Taleen | Mimira | Denerium | Talinka | Arisaka | Wraith | Xxeth
#16844
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:40 PM
IC: Zhu Xuan - Starbucks
"Mickey Mouse is ultimate Jedi!" shouted Zhu Xuan, noting the rather loud conversation. "I mean, he's already a Square-Enix protagonist!"
- 0
#16845
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:40 PM
- 0
#16846
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:41 PM
IC:Alistair froze in place, caught completely off guard by the outburst.Slowly, he turned back to her, regaining his composure. "Now, now. I didn't say they lied. Some of their facts were merely drawn from versions of the myth less widely accepted, and other pieces had to be removed to keep things child friendly."
- 0
#16847
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:51 PM
- 0
My Bzprpg Profiles, Marvel Rebirth Profiles
Skyra | Savina | Darien | Hakari | Mekana | Lana | Oceanna | Taleen | Mimira | Denerium | Talinka | Arisaka | Wraith | Xxeth
#16848
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:55 PM
[font="'courier new', courier, monospace;"]IC [Luz/Alameda][/font]
[font="'courier new', courier, monospace;"]What are these humans arguing about? Luz looked up from her coffee; it certainly was a large group of people, and that bombastic man coming up to them... they reeked of something extraordinary. Perhaps a traveling band of mortals. Perhaps mutants. Perhaps something worse. That man... it was difficult to make out in the din of the room, but he spoke of the Arthurian legends. Curious things, these European legends. So very inconsistent. But the man... it was simply a feeling, a hunch, but she had learned to trust her instincts after the decades.[/font]
[font="'courier new', courier, monospace;"]"You there," she walked slowly over to the table. "You seem to know a lot about the Arthurian legends. Did you study them at a university?"[49
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:55 PM
Edited by Rawrmouse, Feb 01 2013 - 10:59 PM.
- 0
#16850
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 10:58 PM
[color=#800080;]IC: Dante[/color]
[color=#800080;]And she noticed, next time I'm moving faster. Dante groaned to himself, before speaking up, "Uh yeah, sorry, but like you said I should probably head home to sleep in my bed. The research stuff can wait," Ignoring the fact that I don't actually have a bed at home yet, unpacking sucks. "So um, yeah, see yah."Another yawn escaped his lips as he noticed the weirdo with the cloak walk up to the group. At this point I think I'm just hallucinating, I really need sleep.[/color]
- 0
Uh... I have nothing to put here right now.
#16851
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:03 PM
IC: [color=#ee82ee;]Nicole[/color] (San Fran, Starbucks)
[color=#ee82ee;]“That’s awesome,” Nicole said. “I’ve seen almost all of the US when traveling with my dad as he made his speeches but he won’t let me travel the world,” she sighed. “I really want to visit Paris, or London.”[/color]
IC: [color=#daa520;]Triblade[/color], [color=#4b0082;]Darkfang[/color], [color=#000080;]Beast[/color], [color=#008080;]Feral[/color], [color=#00ff00;]Mimic[/color], [color=#006400;]Songbird [/color](War-Room)
[color=#4b0082;]There was a flash of light as Darkfang appeared along with Matt. “Told you I’d be quick.” The teleporting mutant grinned.[/color]
[color=#daa520;]Matt looked around at the assembled X-Men. “Looks like everyone’s ready, perfect.”[/color]
[color=#000080;]“Matt you’ll join the Alpha combat team,” Hank said. “Alex will be leading Alpha team this time around; I want to see how he does.” Hank said. “Now make your way to the Blackbird you have lives to save.”[/color]
[color=#008080;]Still holding Liliana’s hand John began to walk off towards the Blackbird. "Glad you decided to show Summers," he grinned at Matt. [/color]
[color=#daa520;]"Oh you know me John, I'm not one to miss a good fight." Matt shot back as he followed the others. [/color]
[color=#00ff00;] Christine started off towards the hanger-bay. She sighed, it seemed Aleks had decided to stay.[/color]
[color=#006400;]Ashlynn stepped into the hanger-bay and started up the ramp to the Blackbird. I love you Ric, I’ll make it back, I promise. She sent him telepathically as she strapped herself into the pilot’s seat and began flipping switches as she prepared the craft for flight.[/color]
Edited by Sir Flex Nardius, Feb 01 2013 - 11:04 PM.
- 0
#16852
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:05 PM
IC:
A sigh, barely audible over Ashley's shouting, exited Alistair's mouth. So many people, so much noise... There goes my quiet study session.
He took a sip of his coffee, even as yet another person approached. His eyes flicked up to look at the newcomer, setting his cup down once more. "Hmm? Oh, no. I haven't gone to college just yet. Don't really feel the need.""No, I learned from my father. He was a professor in England, quite fond of old stories and myths. I suppose I inherited the habit."Among other things.IC: Alex
Silently, the technopath nodded, and started moving toward the Blackbird.
- 0
#16853
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:08 PM
IC: Zhu Xuan
"All I really know about Arthur is that he was probably based off a random Romano-Briton commander guy or whatever who beat up Saxons and got glorified as a King of Camelot who pulled out a sword from a stone and had a child with his half-sister who later decided to take over Camelot because Arthur learnt of a prophecy or something and killed every baby and stuff and then went off on a campaign and came back and died fighting Mordred who was his son and lives on a boat."
Xuan really liked talking.
- 0
#16854
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:11 PM
- 0
#16855
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:21 PM
IC:
([color=#4b0082;]Blake,[/color][color=#daa520;]Scott)[/color]
With the order given, Blake and Scott both moved to the Blackbird,
#16856
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:23 PM
IC: [color=#ee82ee;]Nicole[/color] (San Fran, Starbucks)
[color=#ee82ee;]"Wow that was before I was even born," she blushed. "Do you think you could take me there one day?"[/color]
IC: NPC Novocain (Hellfire Labs)
Novocain watched as Lynae left his lab and he shrugged before glancing to Jace. “Won’t you follow her? Men always follow the blondes.”
He then stood huddled over the form of a corpse. The corpse’s eyes were wide open and his face screwed into a look of shock and horror. He looked like he had been dead for only a few hours, and his chest cavity looked like it had been eaten away by something, Novocain was currently prodding around inside his chest with some crude looking medical instruments. He was wearing his usual white doctor’s smock, but it was now splattered with dark red blood. He grinned at the corpse and then suddenly grabbed something off the nearby counter. Novocain leveled the pistol at the corpses’ head.
“Any last words mother ******?” Novocain said, his face lighting up with a sadistic smile. He suddenly broke out in harrowing laughter and set the pistol down.
“Don’t worry I’m not going to kill you. Oh wait, that’s right you’re already dead,” He cackled. “I assume you’re here for entertainment.” He said. He suddenly grabbed the corpses hand and forced him to wave at Jace.
“Don’t worry this man was killed by the virus not me.” He said, using the dead man’s arm to point in the right direction. On another metal table laid a humanoid form, covered by a grey lab-sheet.
“I’ve been testing the virus on them, it changes its methods, but they always die.” He said.Novocain walked over to the table, and pulled off the sheet, revealing the corpse of another man beneath. The man looked quite peaceful. His eyes were closed, and his face was set in a neutral emotionless manner. His usual brown skin was now much paler in death. Novocain examined the man for a moment.
“He used to be my lab partner, did you know?”
“He was a good partner, a little on the soft side but he worked well. But I needed a test subject.” He said; stroking the corpse’s cheek with his metal hand as he spoke. “He lives within my mind now, just another voice within my skull. His name was Tony, and he isn’t a very nice house guest, always muttering, always telling me what to do…”
“Tony shut the **** up!” Novocain roared, suddenly throwing a medical knife at the wall; the knife stuck into a wooden cupboard and stayed there, vibrating slightly.
“I apologize for that, Tony apparently didn’t appreciate me talking about him, the frigging Nazi.” He said.
“You know… I almost died once. It was incredibly painful; believe me you don’t want to go through it. Yes, as Weapon-X came crashing down I was buried under a pile of rubble and stabbed to all heII by the mutant known as Windrider.” He said, touching a place on his chest where he must have been stabbed.
“But I wasn’t allowed to die. I used my machinery to keep me alive; I fused the last of my nano-technology into an armor I used to replace the broken and mangled parts of me.” He said motioning to his half robotic body, before shifting his metal arm into a cannon.“Go ahead and do your thing Jace. I need to prepare for the battle, I’m coming for the X-Men you see, I will be the one who kills that ****** Windrider, they will be going to Las Vegas very soon.” Novocain then grabbed a medical buzz-saw and strapped it to his belt.Suddenly Novocain began to shake with what looked like pain. He stumbled over to the counter and grabbed a needle that was filled with a clear fluid. Novocain jabbed it into his arm and injected it into himself. When he was finished he shuddered and pulled out the needle. He sighed in relief.
“I have terrible pains… I inject Novocain into myself to relieve them, hence my codename.” He explained.
“You want any?” he asked, waving another needle at Jace.
“I've recently developed a new drug I call Nitroids. It augments your strength and speed drastically. It allows users to run up to sixty miles an hour, be able to smash through most things when they inject themselves with it. I’d offer it to you but it has some side-effects, like driving people insane or killing them. It’s too bad really; it is a wonder-drug.” He said; collecting some more needles filled with the said drug as he spoke. “I think these might come in handy though, turning some civilians into insane power-houses could be fun.”
“I used to take a different drug, it transformed me into a massive brute; similar to Banner’s Hulk, but it lowered my intelligence, and I became to massive, cumbersome.” He said. He then pointed over to a tank a few feet away. The tank was massive and inside it was floating a huge muscled monstrosity, easily nine feet tall and broad as a tank.
“I would become like that. Don’t worry he’s dead, he didn’t survive the treatment, but remained in that form, I decided to keep him as decoration.” He said.
“When you’re finished you can leave, I’m sure you’ve heard me ramble enough. But come back sometime if you are ever bored, you’re a really nice conversationalist you know that Jace?”
There was some movement on the floor and a large grey rat sprinted across the tile. Novocain squealed with delight and snatched the rat up.
“Don’t worry he’s not a pest, this is my friend Harry. Harry the rat.” He said. He picked up one of Harry’s small little paws and used it to wave at Jace.
“Goodbye… uh what’s your name…” he said trailing off.
- 0
#16857
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:25 PM
Edited by Constructman, Feb 01 2013 - 11:25 PM.
- 0
#16858
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:26 PM
IC: Gabriel - Las Vegas
Behind Jeff came Gabriel, in his male form, the genderbender soon managing to catch up.
"You aren't going to leave me behind okay?"
- 0
#16859
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:33 PM
[color=#006400;]IC: Nathan - War Room, Institute -[/color]
[color=#006400;]I followed Alex toward the Blackbird, since he was in charge of the Alpha team. I checked my belt subconsciously to see if my Adamantium katana was inside it's sheathe. Check.[/color]
[color=#daa520;]IC: Howard – Helicarrier –[/color]
[color=#b22222;]"It was nothing...no big deal..." Howard said, trying to sound modest, and as usual failing.[/color]
[color=#008080;]IC: Ashley - Starbucks -[/color]
[color=#008080;]"Ahhhh you're really that tired? Well you should probably go home and rest then I'd just feel bad if you stayed here just to make the rest of us happy if you really need sleep ya know it's not healthy to stay up for too long otherwise your body can get sick and that would be bad." [/color]
[color=#008080;]Ashley then noticed an older women with grayish hair come up and start asking questions about the Arthur Legend. That seemed to be the hot topic of today. "Hi I'm Ashley! You like mysterious legends too?" [/color]
[color=#008080;]Speaking of the legends, Ashley had a question, she turned back to Alistair. "Hey do you think the Excalibur actually exists? I mean it would be so cool if it did I'd totally like to actually see what it looks like I bet it's like all gold and shiny and glows and makes people's jaws drop down to the floor!" [/color]
[color=#000080;]IC: Jeffery Pryde - Las Vegas -[/color]
[color=#000080;]Jeff looked at Gabriel in a bit of surprise, he had stopped by some bushes to grab something of his that he had hidden there, his rapier. He wasn't going into battle without it. "Wow you sure can run fast." He commented. "Well I guess I can't stop you but, be careful, I can survive bullets by becoming intangible, you can't." [/color]
Edited by Snelly, Feb 01 2013 - 11:46 PM.
- 0
My Bzprpg Profiles, Marvel Rebirth Profiles
Skyra | Savina | Darien | Hakari | Mekana | Lana | Oceanna | Taleen | Mimira | Denerium | Talinka | Arisaka | Wraith | Xxeth
#16860
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:37 PM
- 0
#16861
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:38 PM
IC: Gabriel - Las Vegas
"I'm very quick," he replied, with a charming smile. "Don't worry. I may not be that good at fighting, but I make for an excellent distraction."
- 0
#16862
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:39 PM
- 0
#16863
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:42 PM
Edited by The Zytrix, Feb 01 2013 - 11:42 PM.
- 0
#16864
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:45 PM
[color=#000080;]IC: Jeffery Pryde - Las Vegas -[/color]
[color=#000080;]Jeff let out a dry laugh. "No argument there..." They weren't far from where Harbinger and his goons were committing the worst atrocities imaginable. Jeff's eyes widened a bit as he got an idea, one that was both crazy and yet very improvisational. "Gabriel...do you know how to drive?" [/color]
[color=#daa520;]IC: Howard – Helicarrier –[/color]
[color=#b22222;]"Home sounds good about now...I could use a drink...maybe several...we should open some Vodka-" He stopped talking when the doctor touched his ribs lightly, causing him to groan. "Yeah definitely the Vodka..." [/color]
Edited by Snelly, Feb 01 2013 - 11:45 PM.
- 0
My Bzprpg Profiles, Marvel Rebirth Profiles
Skyra | Savina | Darien | Hakari | Mekana | Lana | Oceanna | Taleen | Mimira | Denerium | Talinka | Arisaka | Wraith | Xxeth
#16865
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:46 PM
IC: Gabriel - Las Vegas
Gabriel shrugged. "Probably yes."
- 0
#16866
Posted Feb 01 2013 - 11:56 PM
IC: [color=#ee82ee;]Nicole[/color] (San Fran, Starbucks)
[color=#ee82ee;]“Really? You would take me?” she said her eyes opening wide. She blushed and looked down. “Thank you Robin.”[/color]
- 0
#16867
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:02 AM
- 0
#16868
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:09 AM
[color=#000080;]IC: Jeffery Pryde - Las Vegas -[/color]
[color=#000080;]"Good!" Jeff said, running to the nearest parked car, Gabriel following. Jeff easily broke into the locked car by phasing through it and opening the door from the inside. "I may not be able to drive...well at least not decently...but I know how to hot-wire." He explained as he fiddled with the wires under the steering wheel, soon enough the car roared to life. Jeff took the shotgun. Hop in the driver seat! And don't worry about running into silly things like walls...I'll take care of that." He said with a grin.[/color]
Edited by Snelly, Feb 02 2013 - 12:12 AM.
- 0
My Bzprpg Profiles, Marvel Rebirth Profiles
Skyra | Savina | Darien | Hakari | Mekana | Lana | Oceanna | Taleen | Mimira | Denerium | Talinka | Arisaka | Wraith | Xxeth
#16869
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:12 AM
IC: Gabriel - Las Vegas
Gabriel smiled, taking hold of the wheel and slamming his foot down on the ignition, and the car shot forth in a massive burst of speed.
"This is my first time driving without an instructor actually, so don't blame me if we die."
- 0
#16870
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:12 AM
- 0
#16871
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:19 AM
Ooc: Extra dialogue provided in advance by Jon Snow and Rawrmouse.
Ic: Someone else appeared from the portal just as Armin shut it -- and swung at open air as it seemed. He was just a boy wearing typical unfashionable garb, though if he came from the Hellfire mansion it was clear he wasn't just a kid. Still, Armin swung his pistol to him with a reflexive draw.
"Sorry if this is private, just thought you wouldn't mind not being stabbed in the back," the kid said.
"Who are you and what did you just do?" Armin asked firmly, not exactly keen on having strangers jump through his portal.
"Nick Kairos. Thermal vision beats invisibility. Unless that was a friend of yours, she was trying to put a knife in your back," he said promptly.
Stohl's hand wavered for a moment as he twitched in hesitation, then he slowly put the gun away as Lynae seemed comfortable with this boy being there. Perhaps this was for the better after all, having an extra person there, though he didn't know how much he could trust Nick. Still, he had to be reasonable and nodded. "Alright. Armin Stohl," he said in introduction, "and you're now in Las Vegas. In a few moments the X-Men, or other mutants in general, will be arriving to answer the summons of a terrorist and his goons here. I'm impartial; both the villain and the heroes are my targets," he summarized."
His attention turned to Lynae to answer her remark earlier; Armin couldn't help but chuckle and smile. "Don't worry. When this is episode is wrapped up we'll have that date night. You'll enjoy Las Vegas, I guarantee it."
"Oh yes..." she laughed halfheartedly, "running away from the x-men is a wonderful date!"
"Right, because that's obviously what will happen," Armin prodded back.Lynae pursed her lips, her eyes burning in aggravation. "Why do you hate mu--"
Armin put a finger to his lips and silenced Lynae -- then was not the time to discuss the matter. "We'll talk about it when this is done."
"No." She said, pushing his finger away. "Don't treat me like some young child. Though my beauty remains, remember that I'm older than you." She said with a slight smile.
"Yes. All this time and yet you have not learned that I keep my promises," Armin replied softly. The fact that she was older didn't exactly mean anything to him, to be truthful, so he didn't have qualms fighting back with his own points. "Tonight I'll tell you the rest of the story once this place isn't a hotspot for activity. Right now, though, we need to move and get a better view of the action and can't stay here in this little alcove for long."
"At least let me get a small snack? There are so many options here," she said as her eyes followed a group of young men and women as they passed by, their bodies just a glancing view from within the alcove that protected the small crowd of special people from public eyes.
"Sure," Armin said curtly, thinking that if she was hungry she would need to regain strength regardless. And if it was good for her then it was good for him. "Go ahead. But I'm not waiting; come join us inside this building when you're finished," he said, jerking his thumb at the parking garage they partially occupied. "Nick, you're here now so you don't have a choice. Come with me."
Edited by Daenerys Targaryen, Feb 02 2013 - 12:20 AM.
- 0
|| BZPRPG Profiles || BZPRPG Rules and Index || Pictures Topic || NM Q&A ||
#16872
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:23 AM
- 0
#16873
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:27 AM
Edited by Rawrmouse, Feb 02 2013 - 12:41 AM.
- 0
#16874
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:34 AM
[color=#000080;]IC: Jeffery Pryde - Las Vegas -[/color]
[color=#000080;]"Don't worry, I'll phase both of us and the whole car before I let us crash." Jeff said as he sat back in his seat from the acceleration. "Just drive toward the danger, and maybe keep the headlights on so we can actually see." He warned, seeing as Gabriel hadn't actually turned them on. Gabriel did so. [/color]
[color=#000080;]*** [/color]
[color=#000080;]Moment's later they were flying toward the swat barricade that was preventing both anyone from entering the scene or escaping it. "Drive through it...we'll be fine." He told Gabriel, put in a hand on both Gabriel and the car and activating his powers. [/color]
[color=#daa520;]IC: Howard – Transport, above NYC - [/color]
[color=#b22222;]"Sorry..." He said with a rather honest tone. "...I really didn't have many options available at that moment so I went with the one that was most likely to work before the whole carrier collapsed into the ocean." He explained, he frowned. [/color]
[color=#b22222;]"I'm gonna have to make myself a new suit as well...the damage was most likely too extensive." There was also the fact that the suit he was currently using was a bit outdated, even with the upgrades he'd added, it was one of his father's suits after all, before he died."[/color]
Edited by Snelly, Feb 02 2013 - 12:43 AM.
- 0
My Bzprpg Profiles, Marvel Rebirth Profiles
Skyra | Savina | Darien | Hakari | Mekana | Lana | Oceanna | Taleen | Mimira | Denerium | Talinka | Arisaka | Wraith | Xxeth
#16875
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:34 AM
-76
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:40 AM
IC: Gabriel - Las Vegas
Gabriel nodded, and the car began to accelerate even faster towards the barricade.
- 0
#16877
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:40 AM
IC:
"Well, there are varying theories on that. Some people believe that King Arthur, and by extension Excalibur, actually existed. Obviously elements of the tale have been dramatized, but there are those who firmly believe in it. Others are less certain." Alistair replied to Ashley, before glancing back to Luz.
"Admittedly, my knowledge of this region's mythology is not nearly as thorough as I would like. I've only been here for a few years, and my knowledge is largely focused upon European and Asian legends. In short, my knowledge with regards to Native American myths is far less than I would like.""I do know some of it, however."
- 0
#16878
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:41 AM
IC: Veronica
Veronica nodded, only the slightest of changes in her expression betraying the amount of pain her would was causing her. Even with the painkillers, there wasn't much that could be done for the injured muscle. She tried to relax, but that was all she could do at the moment. "Of course. Still, it could be another group, as it is far to easy to think that the Brotherhood was behind this. Something like this could be an excellent example of shifting the blame onto someone else, yes?"
- 0
#16879
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:43 AM
OOC: I'd like to point out that Captain Britain used Excalibur often in Marvel, but that may or may not be common knowledge. Unless we are deviating from the canon since this is our own universe.
IC: [color=#ee82ee;]Nicole[/color] (San Fran, Starbucks)
[color=#ee82ee;]“Yes well there is that,” she frowned. “But I don’t give a **** about what he thinks or will let me do.” She said. “I could always use my powers to get onto the plane.”[/color]
[color=#000000;]IC: [/color][color=#a52a2a;]Incinerator[/color] (Enforcer HQ)
[color=#a52a2a;]"It is possible," he said as he nudged the dead mutant. "He seems to be a highly trained assassin, almost similar to a ninja in skills. He'd have to be to break into our base without sounding a single alarm. Perhaps he isn't with the Brotherhood at all."[/color]
Edited by Sir Flex Nardius, Feb 02 2013 - 12:46 AM.
- 0
#16880
Posted Feb 02 2013 - 12:44 AM
- 0
user(s) are browsing this forum
0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous users.
The first cats I met were residents of Kitty City II. They romped and played freely in their cage-free, toy and comfy chair-filled environment.
Then I strolled over to the large vacant storefront that was located next door,.
My only request of the adult daughter was after having heard that she was on Facebook, that maybe, just maybe could she occasionally send me a photo or two? An update? Something about this magical cat to let me know that he was thriving in his new home and receiving the love that I wish I could give to the millions of homeless cats throughout the world, but can't?
Adult Daughter: "Oh yes!!! I will send you photos, I will update you!"
I HAVE RECEIVED ONE.
That week.
Nothing more.
I even checked photos on her Facebook page to see if there were any of Tigre, any updates. Not much. Maybe two photos and a comment about how her cat was adjusting to his living in their home.
On July 10th I left a light and airy comment asking her how he was doing.
I have heard nothing.
I have emotions that I am still wrestling with.
Should I have been the one to adopt him?
Maybe. But logistically it was not in his or my best interest for the reason stated above and the honest fact that with my still being out of work, and my husband having retired, we simply could not afford another pet. Plain and simple. If we couldn't afford to adequately provide for a third, the answer was NO. I wanted to be a part of the SOLUTION, not be a contributor to the PROBLEM.
Did I make it possible for the wrong person to adopt him?
I don't know. What kills me is I may never know.
Is he still living with her?
Same answer as above.
Do I have the right to know?
Initially I believed that YES, I do have a right to know. But after speaking with my dear friend Kim, of the wonderful blog, CindyLu's Muse and "Be The Change For Animals" who has fostered a HUGE number of pets, the answer is yes I have a right to know, but NO, I should never have expected that I would be updated. In a perfect world where you do the right thing and perform a kindness for another the answer would be, YES. In real life, when you do a kindness, you should NEVER expect anything in return.
Would I do it again?
YES. It warmed my heart and satisfied my soul to have given this most incredible gift. It is always the right thing to "pay it forward" and I would gladly do it again.
When I do, I will do my best to keep my expectations in check and I will PROTECT MY HEART.
I think for humans that often life is one big question mark, and it is how they deal with it that makes the difference in their lives. You can't save every kitty, but you did give this one the chance at a new life, and maybe that is the most important thing.
I'm glad you attended an adoption event, it can be both joyful and heartbreaking. I always want to take them all home. I try to make time to visit the cat rooms at our humane society and spend time with the kitties whenever I'm there.
Tigre is adorable. I can understand how that sweet face captured your heart. Thank you for giving him a second chance.
By the way, the polydactyl is beautiful. They are quite desirable and usually get adopted quickly.
A lady surrendered a polydactyl kitten at one of our last spay/neuter events, it had extra toes on all four paws. Cute little thing had a home almost as soon as it went up for adoption.
We hope Tigre is living the best possible life and the family is spending all their free time playing with him and simply don't have time to update their facebook with his pictures. :)
Oh Caren!! You did a great thing - a wonderful thing and gave Tigre a chance!! Bless your sweet heart and kind soul.
I hope the person with Tigre will reply soon. It doesn't take a lot of time to send a pic - these days we have the technology! Of course you want to know how Tigre is doing. I hope she understands that.
Take care
x
Lovely post. Happy Monday to you all.
Best wishes Molly
I think you've hit on the reality of rescue.... there's too many decisions made by emotions and not enough made using rational thinking. Sorry, I'm not just picking on you. I'm guilty as well. But really, with statistics showing that 20% of animals adopted from shelters being returned, there's got to be something to it.
Caren, your story made me teary. I totally understand where you are coming from. Praying Tigre has a good life in his new home:)
We are taking a break from blogging and doing some fun summer stuff.
What a beautiful story. You did a wonderful thing, Caren.
When we make a connection like this, it's hard to walk away, but you did what was right for Cody and Dakota and in turn gave Tigre a chance at a happy life. Even if you never hear from Tigre's new family, I have to believe that you did the right thing.
There's probably a perfectly logical explanation why you haven't heard from them. Not everyone spends every day on Facebook :-)
First of all Caren, you are an ANGEL! I think I would have done the same BUT (and I still think I would have done the same in spite of the BUT) - one thing I have learned in life is that people don't really appreciate what comes for free but seem to value much more what they have to pay for). But I so feel for you Caren - just a "little" more would have been courteous after your kind gesture. But no... one should never expect to get anything in return for a kindness - it should be freely given. Otherwise it's bound to hurt (and still one is allowed to puff once in a while - people can be such crap weasels!).
Hugs to you dear friend,
from Joan
Caren, whatever happens, you acted solely out of kindness and love and you did give this cat a chance. No, you'll probably never know if the humans are good pet caretakers, but it's that way with any adoption. At least here--no one does much screening of humans adopting cats, that I'm aware of. There are so many, everyone just wants as many in homes as possible, without much thought to the kind of home.
I surely hope he'll be loved and well-cared for all his days.
Everyone's right, though. You can't expect anything in return when you make a gesture like this, because so many humans are s**t-heads, IMO.
(((Hugs)))
My heart ached when I read this story. I kinda avoid adoption centers and pet stores for this very reason--I hate seeing all the animals in cages--I want to adopt them all. Then I get upset thinking about their fate for days--it really takes a toll on me. We have 10 pets, 5 of which are rescue pets we adopted in the past 2 years. I really need to stop because it does get expensive.
I wouldn't worry too much about the woman who adopted the cat--I know it kills you not knowing how they are doing, but she is probably just bay now with her day to day life, and maybe feels it isn't important to update you on his progress because she doesn't understand how deeply you felt about this cat. Unfortunately, I think you are going to just have to let this one go and have faith that you did the right thing and found a good home for him! And it was incredibly kind of you to buy him for her!
Always trust your heart Caren and good things will happen.
What a beautiful cat! He reminded me of our own Tiger, who passed away a couple of years ago. He was one of the most gentle and sweethearted kitties ever, and I still miss him.
I know that it is difficult to let go here. After all, you formed an instant attachment, and you want to make sure your sweetie is well cared for. But Tigre belongs to his new person, and she may not be as much of a giver as you are. All you can do is hope for the best. You did a good deed, and that karma will return to you in some way, hopefully soon!
@TMW I am so sorry about the loss of your Tiger (((hugs))) I know, you are right! I think it is because when I adopted Cody 5 yrs ago, to this day, I send his foster Mom a photo of him on his birthday and gotcha day every year!! This is why I could never be a foster Mom...I get way too attached too fast!
@Brian, the BEST advice ever (((hugs)))
@menopausal mama first, it is so nice to see you here! thanks for stopping by! You are right about "having to let this one go"...everyone is different and I can't expect people to do what I would do. OMG you have 10 pets? God love you!! If I had the space I would be like you and so many others. I can so relate when you said "you get upset for days thinking about their fate" that is EXACTLY what happened.
@Fuzzy Tales I was reading through your comment and agreeing with you and found it to be incredibly touching...then I got to "because so many humans are s**t-heads" LOVED IT and LOVE YOU!
@Joan...OMG SPEAKING OF AWFUL PEOPLE!! Have I not emailed you yet to Thank YOU!???? OMG!!!! I MUST EMAIL YOU!!! BTW...you are completely right!
@Ingrid King you are so right! I had to laugh at the "not everybody spends every day on Facebook"....they don't? KIDDING!!! xoxoxo
@Diane just left you a comment on your blog. I hope you have the BEST summer!!!!!!!!!!
@rumpydog super good point and thank you for pointing that out to me. The next event I visit, I won't be such a wuss lol
@Molly thank you. Happy Monday to you too!
@Old Kitty, see? You and I think more alike...for your sake, that might NOT be a good thing! xoxoxo
@the furries, I like that thought!
@SquirrelQueen THANK YOU!! I never knew that about the polydactyl kitties!!!
@Sparkle thank you for pointing that out. I couldn't agree more!
Caren, you just have to have faith that Tigre is doing al right. We think you did the right thing. And we totally agree with what Brian says. You were doing what you thought was right for Tigre. Maybe you will hear something soon. Take care.
I sure hope Tigre is doing very well and his family will update his story soon. What you did is wonderful. Even though you could not take him home with you, you gave him a home!!
You have such a beautiful heart. Tigre knows that you helped him, he knows that you loved him and at least for a few precious minutes he felt your love and returned it. I pray that Tigre is doing well and is happy in his new home.
Tami
Caren you did the best you can that's all you can do maybe you will get a surprise update in the future time will tell but don't dwell to much it will come good,Speedy's mum
@speedy you are one wise bunny!
@Tami so great to see you here. Thank you! I hope that he is having a good life as well.
@Tamago, when I win the lottery I am going to do it for as many kitties as I can!
@Marg you are right and I thank you as well. I don't know how you and Brian do it, fostering all of those kitties. I can't handle it
What a wonderful thing you did for that wonderful boy. Tigre looks very handsome and lovely. I think he's probably fine in his new home. In the one picture you do have, he looks happy and content. I think he probably is. And do you know what? In my experience, I have found that peeps tend to let things go and then it's all the harder to get back on track. Tigre's new peep might be feeling a little embarrassed 'cause she didn't send more pictures early on and now just doesn't know how to break the ice again. Peeps are like that, you know. You should ask Cody. He'll tell you all about 'em... from a cat's perspective, like mine. purrs
Caren you moved me greatly. I felt your emotion over Tigre! It could be that the woman's just not a facebook junkie. If you sent her a private message, she might not have seen it, fb don't always make it clear! Please try not to worry! xox
Caren
Was incredibly touched by your generous gesture. You gave Tigre a real chance...and we have to believe he is doing well in his new home. I hope that in time his new caregiver will let you know how he is.
purrs
>^,,^<
♥Abby♥Boo♥Ping♥Jinx♥Grace♥
@Nerissa, I like how you think. You are quite a wise cat, but then again, I already knew that :)
@Abby thank you! It felt good, if he is happy (which you are right, I have to believe that he is) then it is all good!
@CATachresis, thanks so much. I really have been upset by it (not with her so much but with wondering how he is). I actually posted a comment on her page asking how he was doing. I even checked for more photos because I thought that if she didn't send them to me, possibly she posted some for others to see, but nope. I will take your advice and try not to worry xoxoxo Thanks so much!
You did a wonderful thing--you gave this sweet boy a chance! You know, I think there are plenty of people who give good homes to pets who are less focused on them and who wouldn't dream of taking pictures or writing about them. My best friend int he world has had lots and lots of kitties who were all VERY well cared for, well-fed, given good vet care, but she was not as interested in them as I am. But they had a very good home. That may well be the case with these folks--I think they should've kept more in touch since you did them a kindness, but just because they haven't kept up their end of the communication does NOT mean the kitty is not doing well. You did the best you could and that just has to be enough. XOXOXOXO
@Spitty, you made an excellent point! I think because we blog, we often think that cat lovers (and dog lovers) are as "focused" on their pets as we are. I keep forgetting that not everyone is as obsessed as all of us and I THANK YOU for pointing that out! xoxoxoxo
What a great story :) We also think you did the right thing. You gave this kitty a chance. The new owner may not be obsessed with the kitty as we cat bloggers tend to be, but we like to believe he gets regular meals, scritches and a warm cozy home.
We also think you made a difference and that is a good thing!!!
Purrs Tillie and Georgia,
Tiger,Treasure,JJ and Julie
Dearest Caren,
We was going to says the same thing as Spitty. My Mommy's sister loves her pets to pieces, but she never includes pictures of them when she emails us. She considers them a valued part of their family and cannot imagine a life without her cats, but don't dare call her my aunt or her cats and dogs her kids. She has even totally refurbished the kitten house for a local no-kill shelter.
Different people thinks about pets in different ways.
Yous Caren, ROCKS!
Kisses
Nellie
@Tillie and Georgia yep Spitty and your comment about the new owner not being as "obsessed" as we tend to be was definitely a "light bulb" moment and I am going to keep that in mind. Thanks so much for your support! ((((hugs)))
@Nellie Awww THANK YOU! You KNOW that YOU "rock" too!
Yep, I know a lot of people that if you dare call them "Mom" "Dad" "Aunt" or "Uncle" watch out! lol xoxoxo
I think when you do anything with only the best love and kindness in your heart it can only bring good things. You did a lovely thing from the kindest heart. Whatever happened is the best thing that could have come from a difficult situation.
Big hugs to you!!!
Oh, sweet Caren my heart ached for you and for Tigre as I read this wonderful but bitter sweet story. What a loving and wonderful thing you did. If you felt in your heart it was right that sweetie went home with that girl then you did the right thing. Bless you dear friend for doing that wonderful act of love and kindness. Hugs!
Hiya Miss Caren. Well, Mom and Dad would have done the same thing, and expected the human to follow through on her promises. But, once something is given with love from your heart, no return should be expected and if something does come back...then it multiplies the original joy in the giving. You gave and had joy and most likely gave that cat a chance. I also know that my former shelter continues to have cats returned, one just recently after the woman had him for a hear and a half!! Mom and all the volunteers wanted to put that woman in a stockade!! But, if they are returned, at least they are alive. Your TIgre is gonna be OK...your love is what matters to us cats...purrrrsssss
I can relate to your situation because I helped adopt out a few dogs and expected updates constantly but I only got a few as well. I wondered if I made the wrong choice in the families I place these dogs in and I wrestled with the guilt. I also wrestled with the thought, "why didn't I adopt him/her myself?", but at the time I did not have a landlord who allowed dogs but knowing that I was persuasive in getting my landlord to allow my cats, I thought I made a selfish choice to give these dogs to someone else when I knew the dogs felt a bond w/me already. In the end, I know that the dogs are/were in a better home with a families who had time for them and that gives me comfort.
You did a very nice thing to buy the cat for this child but unfortunately not everyone adheres to the high level of honesty/kindness as you showed her. She probably got caught up in her own life and selfishly forgot about you. I hope that kitty is still with her! The other important thing is that that kitty got out of the shelter, something that may not have happened as quickly! Good for you for doing a good deed!
OMG Caren, my heart is breaking for you... Tigre looks so much like my beloved Eugene who also "claimed" me when I met him at the Humane Society so I know exactly how you feel.
Thanks for coming by my blog and please update us on Tigre if you hear anything else!
Sarah :)
@Sarah THANK YOU so much ((((hugs)))) Eugene must be a total cutie! so glad that he found you! You are welcome and thank you for visiting mine as well and if I hear anything I will definitely post about it!
@Teacher's Pets you summed up my emotions, thoughts, feelings, perfectly in your comment. Absolutely perfect. The most important thing was getting the cat out of the shelter. I hope :( Also...I am still waiting for your address!!! You won a Kitty Casso! If I don't hear from you soon I will have to award it to someonen else, you are the last address I am waiting for. Email me at cgittleman at mi dot rr dot com
@Savannah you are right and thank you!
@chancy ((((hugs))))) back and thank you!!!!
@Meg ((((thank you))))OZ: THE GREAT AND POWERFUL (PG): The story of how a small-time circus magician from Kansas becomes the wizard of Oz. Exchange, IMAX, Evans, Aiken
DEAD MAN DOWN (R): Two strangers’ mutual desire for revenge unravels in an escalating trail of violence. Exchange, Evans
ongoing
21 AND OVER (R): A promising student celebrates his 21st birthday with his best friends. Exchange, Evans
ARGO (R): Extractors pose as a film crew to rescue hostages. Evans
BEAUTIFUL CREATURES (PG-13): A couple uncover dark secrets. Exchange, Evans (ends 3/7)
BULLET TO THE HEAD (R): A cop and a hit man fight a common enemy. Masters (ends 3/7)
DARK SKIES (PG-13): A couple witness disturbing events involving their family. Exchange, Evans, Aiken (ends 3/7)
DJANGO UNCHAINED (R): Freed slave helps a bounty hunter. Exchange (ends 3/7)
ESCAPE FROM PLANET EARTH (PG): Scorch Supernova is caught in a trap set by an evil enemy. Exchange, Evans, Aiken (ends 3/7)
GANGSTER SQUAD (R): LAPD tries to stop a mob king. Masters (ends 3/7)
THE GUILT TRIP (PG-13): An inventor and his mom hit the road. Masters (ends 3/7)
HANSEL AND GRETEL: WITCH HUNTERS (R): Hansel and Gretel grow up to be vigilantes. Exchange (ends 3/7)
A HAUNTED HOUSE (R): Spoof of Paranormal Activity. Masters (ends 3/7)
THE HOBBIT: AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY (PG-13): Gandalf convinces Bilbo to help reclaim Erebor. Masters (starts 3/8)
IDENTITY THIEF (R): Melissa McCarthy steals Jason Bateman’s identity. Exchange, Evans, Aiken
JACK REACHER (PG-13): Jack Reacher takes the case of a former military sniper accused of mass murder. Masters, Aiken
THE LAST STAND (R): Arnold Schwarzenegger helps stop a drug kingpin. Masters (ends 3/7)
THE LIFE OF PI (PG): Pi is set adrift with several animals in the Pacific Ocean. Masters (starts 3/8)
LINCOLN (PG-13): Lincoln works to unite the country and abolish slavery. Evans (ends 3/7)
THE LOST MEDALLION (PG): Daniel Anderson visits a foster home and is roped into telling the kids a story about Billy Stone and Allie, two teenage friends, who uncover a long-lost medallion and then wish themselves back in time. Exchange
MAMA (PG-13): Sisters are found after five years of living alone in the woods. Exchange (ends 3/7)
THE MASTER (R): A troubled drifter adheres to the teachings of the leader of a religious movement. Masters (starts 3/8)
PARENTAL GUIDANCE (PG): Old-school grandparents meet 21st century prenting problems. Masters (starts 3/8)
PHANTOM (R): The captain of a Soviet submarine holds the fate of the world in his hands. Exchange (ends 3/7), Evans
QUARTET (PG-13): Once-popular opera diva creates a stir at a home for retired performers. Exchange, Evans
RISE OF THE GUARDIANS (PG): Santa, the Easter Bunny, the Tooth Fairy, the Sandman and Jack Frost battle evil. Masters
SAFE HAVEN (PG-13): Film based on Nicolas Sparks novel. Exchange, Evans, Aiken
SILVER LININGS PLAYBOOK (R): Bradley Cooper works to rebuild his life. Exchange (ends both 3/7)
WRECK-IT RALPH (PG): Arcade-game character is tired of being the “bad guy”. Masters
ZERO DARK THIRTY (R): The story of the U.S. SEAL team’s killing of Osama bin Laden. Masters (starts 3/8)Chairman Ofir Eini of the Histadrut Labor Federation said, Monday morning, "The struggle on behalf of contract laborers has only just begun." Marking the end of a four-hour general strike, he added, "We are determined to continue in order to reduce the phenomenon, and hope that the government and the employers will take advantage of the days that the court has given to conduct genuine and intensive negotiations and reach agreements."
The Histadrut said, earlier in the day, that if no agreement is reached, there will be another general strike on Sunday.Nintendo Wii Games
Play as Dural for Virtua Fighter 2Home / Nintendo Wii /
This page contains Virtua Fighter 2 Codes for Nintendo Wii called "Play as Dural" and has been posted or updated on May 13, 2009 by dravid. Let us know what you think of this Code by thumbs voting.
Game Boxshot & Details
- Developer: Gaibrain
- Publisher: Sega
- Genre: Action Fighting
- Release: Not Set
- ESRB: Teen
Game!
All Game Codes
From: dravid
From: FUTURE|CoLe
From: Sunildrosario93
Back to all Cheats
From: Zuggy300
Game
Virtua Fighter 2 - (Genesis)
- May 28, 2014, Views: 122)Search
Categories
Archives
Articles by Regions
IISD's Knowledge Management
Mitigation
UNGA..
IEA Newsletter Discusses World's First CSS Standard [viewed].
UNDP Contributes to Recovery Efforts in Pakistan [viewed].
Equator Prize Ceremony Held at MDG Summit [viewed]
20 September 2010: The UN Development Programme (UNDP) and various partners honored 25 local and indigenous community groups from developing countries with the Equator Prize during a gala event at the American Museum of Natural History, New York, US, on the margins of the Summit on the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
Yale-UNITAR Conference on Environmental Governance Focuses on Climate Change [viewed]
Event: WTO Committee on Trade and Environment [viewed]
Event: Climate Change and Loss of Nature's Diversity: New Actions and Alliances in Response to Key Global Challenges 2010 [viewed].Soaps Boards
::
The Bold and the Beautiful Forum
::
brooke what can i say
Please register and
login to be able to post in this message board.
Low down to keep those papers . Katie should have said give me the papers slow to trust ur sister . Ridge has grown and dont want someone that has bedded everyone . Enough said about that brooke going after katie for being with ridge well he was not with her a year and a half . Bill was katies husband no excuse ever for what brooke did . How many men will bill let her sleep with before he realizes brooke is loseQuestion
What should i do about the plans we had before the baby????
my?
Posted: 10/14/2010 by CaleyCake
Mom Answers
Sort by: best answers | most recent answers
1 - 1 of 1 answers
- I know how you feel I just turned 21 a few months before I got pregnant. My husband and I already had plans to go to vegas and everything Im always feeling left out. I feel bad when he stays home on friday nights instead of going out to the bars because we waited so long for me to be old enough to go out too and I definitely feel out of place all prego sipping on water around a bunch of drunk people. Im sure all of these sacrifices will be worth it in the end maybe if you could find a friend who doesnt drink to go with you or something so you wouldnt feel too left out. Best of luck!posted 10/14/2010 by a BabyCenter Member
-
Answer this questionProject Showcase
Get ideas and inspiration, find easy to use patterns
and tutorials for your next sewing project.
Bohemian Sunset
Silk Vest in less tha...
by RunwaySewing
Make it
April Blooming
Member Model Challeng...
Xanthe Sunbeam City D...
by mezzocouture
Bluebells Adventures :-)
Mushroom Polkadot Puf...
Dustbowl Dress
Roxanne - You Don't H...
by caramia-made
Saphire Pleated Blouse
by cur-jargon
Celtic Swirl Lace Ear...
For Sale
Sparrow Dress
A Study in Coral
by DanaRose84
Double Layer Skirt
By Hand London Anna D...
BY Hand London Flora ...
Off The Shoulder- Att...
by KristenPW29
Mixed up
Lola's Pink Pillowcas...
Midnight Stars
Red Maxi Dress
by jodieclark
Simplicity 1693
Ikat Style
Hot air balloon dress...
Green Storm
Twist and turn trimme...
by Linda74Sews
Slouchy Tee
by cur-jargon
Seasons
By
For Sale
For
Garment Type
Difficulty
Styles
MaterialsTara - posted on 09/21/2011 ( 10 moms have responded )
4
2
1
my daughter is 4 in dec and for the last year or so has "picked" I.e her face,chin legs ect she picks at her skin so much she makes it bleed so will scab over then jus picks it again and again the the same spot, she has several atm on her face and I know they are going to scar! I've tried different ways like talking to her and punishing her and doing sticker/reward charts, we've even gone as far as taken her to doca but nothing seems to work? any suggestions and would like to know if any other children went through this and wether its just a very long phase???
MOST HELPFUL POSTS
Jenni - posted on 09/22/2011
5,928
34
378
Yes, It's called CSP (Compulsive Skin Picking) it's an anxiety disorder similar to nail biting. My son has it. His developed suddenly (as if overnight). But it is suggested it can be hereditory (like other compulsive/anxiety disorders). Picking in children can manifest itself due to internalizing messages stemming from lack of language, stress/anxiety, bullying, and/or as an agressive behaviour towards oneself.
My son obsessively picks scabs as well as picks (non-existent) sores on his nose and inner ears.
Bring it to the attention of her doctor. Infections (like staph infections) can occur so medication, like hydrocortisone, is a must. Also, it's very important to keep her nails incredibly short and filed (rounded). This prevents 90% of my son's picking.
Here's some more info:-...
Nikki - posted on 09/21/2011
5,263
41
564
I only found out there was an actual name for this type of behaviour a few weeks ago. I do it, I have done all my life. I cannot remember all the details but I think there are a couple of reasons it can happen. One is a form of OCD and the other can stem from a staph infection. For me it's an obsessive behaviour that I don't even realise I am doing. As I have gotten older I have learned to control it a little, so I have not looked into treatment. But if I was going to I would look into someone who specialises in dealing with obsessive behaviours.Movendo from Riunite reflects almost a century of grape-growing tradition in Emilia-Romagna, Italy’s gourmet capital, known for rich cuisine and delicacies like fettuccine Bolognese, balsamic vinegar, prosciutto di Parma and, of course, Parmigiano Reggiano cheese. Movendo brings a new energy to its varietals, with intense flavors that move stunningly from one shade to another over the savor spectrum.
Hi guys I'm new and all but I have been studying the intermediate target for 2 wks now and had a range session on wednseday . It was very easy and simple to choose a target on the ground infront of my ball for the irons, but for my driver where should my "intermediate target be"? Should it be in the same place as my iron shots, should I try to imagine the target hovering in front of my ball since with iron shots the ball is on the ground(i know sounds silly), or should i just only focus on the back of the ball. Your answers and help would be greatly appreciated.
Sources cited an unspecified medical condition as the reason for her hospitalization. An ambulance left the Kerrys Hulbert Avenue home on Sunday at about 4 p.m. ET.
“She was brought in, in critical but stable condition, and that is currently how ... her condition still remains,” a rep for Nantucket Cottage Hospital told the Boston Globe. “At this point, we are determining the next phase of her care, be that either in our facility on the island, or on the mainland.”RS
MEMBER DIARY
Palin reaffirms support for Haley, blasts ‘lamestream media’ and ‘laughable’ blogger
Sarah Palin lent her considerable Facebook megaphone in support of South Carolina gubernatorial hopeful Nikki Haley, with whom a prominent Palmetto State blogger alleged today he had an “inappropriate physical relationship” years before.
 beat in politics today – especially for conservative ‘underdog’ candidates who surge in the polls and threaten to shake things up so government can be put back on the side of the people.”
The decidedly personal attack–one that Haley categorically denied in a statement today–is a “good sign” that the insurgent candidate has her opponents running scared, Palin said.
Professional provocateur and one-time press aide to outgoing Governor Mark Sanford, Will Folks wrote Monday that a network of anti-Haley political operatives were shopping damaging information about an alleged affair he and Haley had to local media. But while Folks insisted “at least one story based upon this information will be published this week,” no reports of Haley’s alleged infidelity have surfaced from mainstream outlets. And there is no indication any will.
Beyond his initial admission–insomuch as one might call Folks’ transparent traffic play an admission of guilt–the blogger said he refuses to comment further, offering no additional details about the relationship.
“I will not be discussing the details of the relationship,” he wrote, “nor will I be granting any additional interviews about it to members of the media beyond what I have already been compelled to confirm.”
Questioning both the timing of Folks’ accusations, which came only days after a poll showed Haley leading in the four-candidate field to succeed Sanford, and his refusal to go on the record about the alleged tryst beyond what is written in his blog post, Palin sought to cast some reasonable doubt on Folks’ claims.
“South Carolina: Don’t let some blogger make any accusation against your Nikki if the guy doesn’t have the guts or integrity to speak further on such a significant claim,” her post read. “For traditional media to rely on an accusation via some blog entry is almost laughable, but I know the seriousness of it because that’s exactly what my family and colleagues have had to put up with, every single day, for the past couple of years.”
Haley, whose endorsers include Palin, former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney and RedState.com editor-in-chief Erick Erickson, vehemently denied the “smear,” which she said was “South Carolina Politics at its worst.”
“I have been 100% faithful to my husband through our 13 years of marriage. This claim against me is categorically and totally false,” her statement read.
Beyond the former Alaska Governor’s unmitigated support for Haley, South Carolina political observers in Haley’s camp note that Folks’ professional trajectory and personal legal scrapes are not the kind to inspire confidence, or sink a winning campaign.
Folks became a lightening rod in the Sanford administration–in much the same way Vice President Joe Biden is prone to irritate handlers and aides with his proclivity to gaffe–by often departing from the day’s prescribed messaging. Two month after resigning from the Governor’s staff in September of 2005, Folks pled guilty to criminal domestic violence for shoving his then-fiancee into furniture over an argument the couple had.
Palin, who endorsed Haley only ten days ago, closed with a word of encouragement to her Palmetto State fans: “South Carolina friends, don’t let ‘em just make things up.”
Cross-posted to Skepticians.com.Article Preview
Cassini Faces New Frontier in Fashion With Few Regrets for Past Designs; Designer Chosen by First Lady Also a Showman
By MARYLIN BENDER ();
March 15, 1961,
, Section food fashions family furnishings, Page 35, Column , words
THE official and personal designer for the wife of the President of the United States is a counterpart of the royal dressmaker. The present holder of the post is a man who could also perform as a court jester. Oleg Cassini is the dress designer who once sent a model down a runway attired in a hooded dress made of burlap. When the mannequin pulled the hood over her head, potatoes rolled out.
March »4800 West 92nd Avenue Westminster, CO 80031
Home | City Government | City Code | Title I | 24. Personnel Management Program
PDF version
04/14
CHAPTER 24
PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT
1-24-1: DEFINITIONS
1-24-2: GENERAL PRINCIPLES AND IMPLEMENTATION
1-24-3: GRIEVANCES AND APPEALS
1-24-4: POLITICAL ACTIVITY
1-24-1: DEFINITIONS: (2248 2603 2922 3317 3390) The following words, terms and phrases, when used in this Chapter, shall have the following meanings, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise:
“Administrative Officer” shall mean the City Manager, City Attorney, City Clerk and Finance Director, and such additional administrative officers as may be created by City Council. The additional administrative officers shall be those employees serving in classifications listed as “Administrative Officers” in the pay and classification plan approved by City Council resolution.
“Appeal” shall mean the action taken by an employee in order to have the employee's suspension, demotion or dismissal reviewed by the Personnel Board and the City Manager.
“Board” shall mean the Personnel Board.
"Class” shall mean a position or group of positions that are sufficiently similar with respect to skill, effort and responsibility that they may be properly designated by the same title, and equitably compensated from the same range of pay under substantially the same employment conditions.
“Department Head” shall mean an individual who is regularly responsible for directing and managing the overall operations of a City department as authorized by the Charter or Code, and who has been designated as a Department Head by the City Manager. The City Manager, Assistant City Manager, Deputy City Manager, and the City Attorney shall assume duties assigned to Department Heads in this Chapter for carrying out those actions involving positions that report directly to them.
“Division Manager” shall mean an individual appointed by the Department Head to manage a work group designated as a division within the department. For purposes of this Chapter, the City Manager, Assistant City Manager, Deputy City Manager, Department Head, or the City Attorney shall assume the responsibilities assigned to Division Manager when the employee in question reports to a Department Head, the City Attorney, Deputy City Manager, Assistant City Manager, or the City Manager.
“Employee” shall mean a person who receives monetary compensation from the City in return for present services or work performed on a non-contractual basis, or who is on a leave of absence without pay that has been approved by the Human Resources Manager. This definition shall include all full-time and part-time regular, Administrative Officers, temporary, provisional, seasonal, substitute, hourly, instructor, indexed, intern, special project, short-term disability and emergency employees. This definition shall exclude elected municipal officials, volunteer firefighters, all other volunteer personnel, and retirees from the City.
“Employee – Exempt” shall mean an employee who is exempt from the overtime provisions of the Fair Labor Standards Act. Reference to Exempt employees when capitalized refers to those employees whose positions are listed in the Exempt employee pay schedule in the City Pay Plan.
“Employee – Nonexempt” shall mean an employee who is entitled to overtime pay or compensatory leave time under circumstances specified by the Fair Labor Standards Act. Reference to Nonexempt employees refers to those employees whose positions are listed in the Nonexempt employee pay schedule in the City Pay Plan.
“Employee – Part-time Regular” shall mean an employee who has been appointed to a part-time authorized Nonexempt or Exempt position to work less than forty (40) hours during a seven- (7) day period on a regular basis, and who has successfully completed the initial probationary period.
“Employee – Regular” shall mean an employee who has been appointed to a full-time authorized Nonexempt or Exempt position in the municipal service, and who has successfully completed the initial probationary period.
“Grievance” shall mean a disagreement regarding the meaning, interpretation, application, or alleged violation of these policies and rules adopted hereunder, departmental policies, rules or any other administrative policies of the City that has been formally presented for review pursuant to Section 1-24-3 of this Chapter.
“Job Description” shall mean the written description of a class, including the title, a statement of the nature of the work, examples of duties and responsibilities, and the requirements that are essential and/or desirable for the satisfactory performance of the duties of the class.
“Job Title” shall mean the title assigned to any particular class, and used for reference to that class.
“Position” shall mean a group of current duties and responsibilities requiring the full-time, temporary, or part-time services of one (1) employee.
“Supervisor” shall mean any individual having authority, in the interest of the City, to hire, transfer, suspend, lay off, promote, discharge, assign, reward, or discipline other employees, or having responsibility to direct them, or to adjust their grievances, or effectively having the authority to recommend such action, if the exercise of such authority is not merely routine or clerical in nature, but requires the use of independent judgment.
“Suspension” shall mean the temporary separation of an employee from performing his or her regularly assigned duties with or without pay for disciplinary reasons, or pending the outcome of an investigation involving the employee.
1-24-2: GENERAL PRINCIPLES AND IMPLEMENTATION: (2248 2922 3390)
(A) INTENT OF CHAPTER: In enacting this Chapter, it is the intent of the City Council to provide for a professional and impartial personnel management system in accordance with the provisions of the City Charter. This Chapter supersedes any previously distributed ordinances, resolutions, rules, policies and employee handbooks. The language of this Chapter is not intended to create, nor is it to be construed to constitute, a contract between the City of Westminster and any one (1) or all of its employees.
(B) PERSONS COVERED BY CHAPTER: This Chapter applies to all positions and employees in the City. In addition, unless specifically noted otherwise, it shall also apply to Administrative Officers and other categories of municipal employment where not inconsistent with provisions of the Charter or other ordinances.
(C) ADMINISTRATIVE REGULATIONS: The City Manager shall have the authority to establish such policies and rules deemed necessary for the efficient and orderly administration of the personnel management system. Such authority may be delegated to Department Heads, Division Managers and supervisors as deemed appropriate by the City Manager. The City Manager will provide City Council with a quarterly report if any substantive changes are made to administrative personnel policies in the previous quarter. All such policies and rules must be in writing and be consistent and compatible with this Chapter and the Charter, and, at a minimum, include the following:
(1) Classification Plan. A Classification Plan resulting from an analysis and evaluation of all positions in the municipal service shall be developed by the City Manager, or his/her designee, and maintained by the Human Resources Manager. It shall consist of a listing that groups all positions in classes, based on the skill, effort, responsibility, and qualifications that are necessary or desirable for the satisfactory performance of the duties of the class. The Classification Plan shall include titles and written job descriptions for all the various classes of positions. Each class shall include all positions in the municipal service, that are sufficiently similar with respect to duties, responsibilities, and authority that the same descriptive title may be used to designate each position allocated to the class. Council approval of the job titles and pay ranges in the Pay Plan shall constitute approval of the Classification Plan.
(2) Preparation, adoption and amendment of Pay Plan. A City-wide compensation plan, which shall consist of minimum and maximum rates of pay for each class or position, shall be developed and maintained by the Human Resources Manager, as the representative of the City Manager. Salary ranges shall be related directly to the position Classification Plan, and shall be determined with due regard to range of pay for other classes, requisite qualifications, prevailing rate of pay for like work in other public and private organizations, recruiting experience, working conditions, suggestions of Department Heads, maintenance of other benefits received by employees, the financial policy of the City, and other economic considerations. In addition, the Human Resources Manager shall develop, maintain and update a set of salary complements, which shall be designed to assist in attracting and retaining qualified employees. The Pay Plan shall be submitted to Council by the City Manager for adoption on an annual basis, in order to maintain the competitive nature of the City's personnel program.
(3) Employee political activity. Active participation by employees in the municipal politics of the City of Westminster shall be restricted. It shall be the policy of the City, however, not to deny to employees and officials the rights to engage in their normal rights and responsibilities as citizens.
(4) Nondiscrimination. No action affecting the employment status of any employee or applicant for a position in the municipal service, including examination, appointment, promotion, demotion, suspension, or removal shall be taken or withheld by reason of race, color, sex, national origin, political, or religious affiliation, age, disability or military veteran status.
1-24-3: GRIEVANCES AND APPEALS: (2248 2603 2648 2922 3390)
(A) GENERAL: Supervisory and administrative personnel shall strive to anticipate, and thereby eliminate, the cause of most misunderstandings, problems, complaints, or grievances. To the extent that they occur, the employee is encouraged to promptly seek the employee's immediate supervisor's assistance. Supervisory personnel shall not interfere with or discriminate against or make reprisals against any employee who files a grievance. The City strongly encourages the use of non-adversarial dispute resolution techniques to resolve grievances in a manner that is satisfactory to all affected parties. Supervisory and administrative personnel are strongly advised to seek the advice and support of the Human Resources Division and City Attorney’s Office at the earliest possible time after learning of a problem to develop a means to cooperatively resolve the issues. Developing the least adversarial path to resolution, before conflict escalates further, is the goal. While alternative means to resolve personnel issues may be developed, either prior to the filing of a formal grievance or during the investigation and formal processing of a grievance, the earlier the better. Employees, too, are encouraged to suggest alternative means of resolving disputes without compromising their rights to the formal process.
(B) GRIEVANCE: A grievance is a disagreement regarding the meaning, interpretation, application, or alleged violation of the personnel policies and rules, departmental policies and rules, or any other administrative policies of the City. When disputed, the Human Resources Manager will determine whether the action or alleged action is grievable.
(C) FILING A GRIEVANCE: Any employee with a grievance must file a written complaint with the employee's Division Manager (or the party who took the action being grieved if that party is of higher rank) with a copy to the Human Resources Manager within fourteen (14) calendar days following the grieved action. The Division Manager or Department Hanager shall try to resolve the matter within ten (10) calendar days from the receipt of the written grievance. If the employee is not satisfied that the difference has been resolved after action by the Division Manager, the employee may, within ten (10) calendar days of receipt of the grievance response, file the grievance with the Department Head (if not already reviewed by the Department Head). The Department Head shall try to resolve the matter within ten (10) calendar days of receipt of the grievance. The deadlines in this subsection (C) may be extended with the mutual consent of the parties. If the employee is not satisfied that the difference has been resolved after action by the Department Head, the employee may pursue the following procedure:
(1) Actions other than suspension, demotion or dismissal. Within ten (10) calendar days after receipt of the Department Head's response, the employee may ask the Human Resources Manager in writing to investigate the grievance. If the Department Head has taken no action within ten (10) calendar days after receipt of the written grievance, the employee may request in writing that the Human Resources Manager investigate the grieved action. The Human Resources Manager shall, within twenty-one (21) calendar days, investigate the grievance and consult with the employee and then make recommendations to the City Manager or the City Manager's designee, who shall decide on the grievance within ten (10) calendar days. The City Manager's or the City Manager's designee's decision shall be final in all instances. The deadlines in this subsection (1) may be extended with the mutual consent of the parties or because of an inability to do a complete investigation in the time allowed.
(2) Suspension, demotion or dismissal. Within fourteen (14) calendar days after receipt of the Department Head's response, the employee may file an appeal to the Personnel Board or, if the Department Head has taken no action within ten (10) calendar days of receipt of the written grievance, the employee may file a written appeal to the Personnel Board within twenty-one (21) calendar days after the Department Head's receipt of the written grievance.
(3) Failure to file. An employee loses any right to file a grievance or appeal with the Human Resources Manager or to file an appeal to the Board if the employee fails to file a written grievance within the time lines defined above. No organization or individual has the right to file a grievance on the employee's behalf, and legal representatives shall not be permitted to attend any meeting with the grieved employee held for the purpose of investigating the grievance prior to the time an appeal has been filed pursuant to subsection (D) of this Section.
(4) Grievances related to disabilities. If an employee has, in the employee's view, suffered discrimination in violation of state or federal law based on a past or current disability, whether real or perceived, or association with an individual with a disability, the employee may file a grievance pursuant to this subsection (C). A record of the grievance and the action taken to resolve it shall be maintained. This procedure is not a prerequisite to the pursuit of other legal remedies authorized by federal law. A disability-related grievance alleging a violation of federal laws protecting individuals with disabilities may be filed at any time.
(D) APPEAL: Only suspensions, demotions, or dismissals for disciplinary reasons can be appealed to the Personnel Board and only after all administrative remedies through the grievance procedure have been exhausted. Only regular full-time employees and regular part-time benefited employees in authorized positions are eligible to appeal to the Board. Administrative Officers have no appeal rights beyond the grievance process to the City Manager.
(E) FILING AN APPEAL: The employee must file an appeal and request a hearing, in writing, setting forth the reasons for appeal in detail with the Human Resources Manager as set forth in subsection (C) of this Section. The appeal must specify the grounds for appeal and shall contain a detailed statement of facts in support of the appeal. Anyone considering filing an appeal may contact Human Resources for a complete copy of the Personnel Board Rules.
(F) FORWARING AN APPEAL: The Human Resources Manager shall immediately forward copies of the written appeal to each member of the Board. The Human Resources Manager has the authority to return to the employee for correction any appeal that fails to conform to this provision regarding specifying grounds for appeal and containing a detailed statement of facts in support of the appeal.
(G) APPEAL PROCEDURE: Upon receipt of the appeal from the Human Resources Manager, the Board shall schedule a hearing on the appeal. Once the Board meets to hear the appeal, it may take the time necessary to obtain all the information deemed appropriate and, in so doing, the Board is not restricted to any particular time frame to conclude the hearing.
(H) SUBPOENAS: The Chairperson of the Board may issue a subpoena stating the title of the proceeding before the Board and commanding each person to whom it is directed to attend and give testimony at a hearing on an appeal before the Board at the time and place specified therein.
(I) FINDINGS AND DECISION: It is the interpretation of the City Council that the Charter of the City of Westminster establishes a personnel grievance process in which the Personnel Board has the responsibility of determining the facts of an appeal and determining when disciplinary action should be reconsidered and in such cases, the City Manager has the responsibility of reconsidering the disciplinary action and making the final disciplinary decision based on the facts determined by the Board. At the conclusion of the hearing, the Board shall send a written decision to the City Manager that concludes that:
(1) The action appealed was without justification and should be reconsidered. The Board may recommend that the appellant be restored to previous status and receive compensation for the period of the suspension, termination, or reduction in grade;
(2) The action appealed was justified and should be confirmed; or
(3) The action appealed was partially justified and should be reconsidered. The Board may recommend that the discipline be reduced under the conditions the Board deems proper.
The Board's decision shall contain findings of evidentiary fact on all material issues of fact and conclusions regarding the issues of law or discretion presented by the appeal.
(J) NOTICE OF FINDINGS AND DECISION; TRANSCRIPT: The Board shall report its findings and decision to the City Manager, the parties and their attorneys within thirty (30) days after the conclusion of the hearing. Notice shall be sent in the manner specified in subsection (I) of this Section. The City shall make a record of the testimony and proceedings at an appeal hearing. Either the City or the employee may request a transcription of the testimony and proceedings at an appeal hearing. If the employee requests a hearing transcription, it shall be prepared at the employee's expense.
(K) DECISION OF THE CITY MANAGER:
(1) When the Board has concluded that the discipline was justified, the City Manager shall confirm the decision of the Board;
(2) When the Board has concluded that the action appealed was without justification or was partially justified, the City Manager shall reconsider the suspension, demotion or discharge and either reinstate the employee, impose a lesser penalty, or confirm the original suspension, demotion or discharge; or
(3) When reconsidering a suspension, demotion or discharge, the City Manager shall be bound by the Board's findings of evidentiary fact. The City Manager may accept or reject the Board's findings of ultimate fact or conclusions and may accept or reject the Board's recommendation regarding discipline.
(L) ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE JURISDICTIONAL: No employee may bring an appeal before the Board until the employee has received the written notice of the final action taken or contemplated by the Department Head. The filing of an appeal under any of the procedures described in this Section shall not constitute grounds for delaying the administrative action against which the appeal is made.
(M) APPEAL FROM DECISION OF CITY MANAGER: The employee may appeal any action of the City Manager resulting in suspension, demotion or dismissal to the district court.
(N) RIGHT TO LEGAL COUNSEL: The employee may only be represented by a person who is licensed to practice law in the State of Colorado.
(O) RULES OF PROCEDURE: The Board may adopt additional rules of procedure to supplement the procedures outlined in this Section.
1-24-4: POLITICAL ACTIVITY: (3720)
(A) EMPLOYEE POLITICAL ACTIVITY: City employees are hereby restricted from actively participating in the municipal politics of the City, but shall not be otherwise restricted from engaging in their normal rights and responsibilities as citizens.
(B) PROHIBITED POLITICAL ACTIVITY:
(1) An employee shall not:
(a) Use any City resource in support of or in opposition to any issue or candidate;
(b) Distribute or display political stickers, buttons or similar materials while in City uniform, during working
hours at City facilities;
(c) Actively campaign for or against any issue or candidate during working hours or at City facilities;
(d) Actively campaign for or against any issue or candidate while wearing a uniform that identifies the employee as a City employee;
(e) Serve as an officer of any organization which has the primary purpose of promoting the candidacy of any person for City office;
(f) Directly solicit, receive, collect, handle, disburse, contribute, or account for assessments, contributions, or other funds in support of
the candidacy of any person for City office;
(g) Actively participate in a fund-raising activity of a candidate for City office;
(h) Actively organize or manage the political campaign of a candidate for City office;
(i) Solicit votes in support of or in opposition to a candidate for City office;
(j) Drive voters to the polls on behalf of a candidate for City office;
(k) Endorse or oppose a candidate for City office in a political advertisement, broadcast, campaign literature, or similar material; or
(l) Address a convention, caucus, rally, or similar gathering in support of or in opposition to a candidate for City office
(m) The foregoing restrictions shall not be construed as (1) limiting the political activity of a spouse or any family member of an
employee; (2) including an employee’s unintentional or unwitting participation in City Council campaign materials or election
activities or (3) "friending," "following" or similar interactions with City Council and Mayoral candidates through social media sites
such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn, to the extent such interactions do not include any activity otherwise prohibited by this
ordinance.
(2) All employees are free to engage in political activity to the widest extent consistent with the restrictions imposed by law and this section, so
long as any such activity is done in the employee's capacity as a private citizen and not in the capacity of a City employee. Subject to the limitations of
subsection one (1) of this Section, each employee retains the right to:
(a) Register and vote in any election;
(b) Display a political yard sign, picture, sticker, badge, or button;
(c) Participate in the nonpartisan activities of a civic, community, social, labor, or professional organization;
(d) Be a member of a political party or other political organization and participate in its activities to the extent consistent with this
ordinance;
(e) Attend a political convention, rally, fund-raising function, or other political gathering, including those of candidates for City Office;
(f) Sign a political petition as an individual, other than a petition for the nomination or recall of a City Councillor or the Mayor;
(g) Expend personal funds, make contributions in kind, and use personal time to urge electors to vote in favor of or against any issue or
candidate before the electorate, except any candidate for City office;
(h) Seek election to City office, provided that the employee resigns or takes formally authorized unpaid leave from City employment
prior to any campaign activities being undertaken on his or her behalf or filing a nomination petition;
(i) Run for nomination or election as a candidate in any election not involving City government;
(j) Be politically active in connection with a charter or constitutional amendment, referendum, approval of a municipal ordinance or any
other question or issue of a similar character; and
(k) Otherwise participate fully in public affairs, except as prohibited by law, in a manner which does not materially compromise the
public’s confidence in the neutrality, efficiency, or integrity of the employee or the City government.
(C) SUPERVISORS: No supervisor shall in any way coerce an employee to campaign for or against any candidate or issue, nor retaliate, intimidate or discriminate against any employee for any political activity permitted by this ordinance.
(D) SOLICITATION: It shall be unlawful for a candidate for the office of City Councillor or Mayor to solicit knowingly, directly or indirectly, a City employee to contribute money or campaign for or against any candidate for the office of City Councillor or Mayor. This provision shall not prohibit coincidental contacts with City employees through mass mailings or distribution of literature.Give Now
Many organisms possess genes or traits that they do not express.
Very few people actually sit down and make up jokes, yet everyone is always telling jokes. Where do they come from? Learn more.
Do chickens have a language? Find out what researchers think on this Moment of Science.Podcasts & RSS Feeds
Connect with Us
Most Active Stories
News & Music Contributors
Teen Drivers
4:31 pm
Tue February 26, 2013
Washington bucks national trend with fewer teen driver deaths
A new report finds more teen drivers are dying around the country, but not in Washington. So while nationwide there’s been a 19 percent increase in 16- and 17-year old drivers dying in the first half of last year, deaths dropped sharply in Washington
Jonna Van Dyk of the Washington Traffic Safety Commission says a lot of factors affect teen driving deaths.
“One of the moving parts of course is restrictions on those licenses. We call that program the intermediate driver license program,” she said.
That program restricts the time of day a 16- or 17-year old can drive a car, and limits the number of passengers allowed. It may have helped keep Washington’s death toll down to just one young teen driver in all of last year, what Van Dyk says is the lowest total in memory.
“What I think about is the kids who didn’t die. Really, it is huge cause for celebration. Here, however, we’re not going to be celebrating until there are no deaths at all,” Van Dyk saud.
A new national report out from the Governors Highway Safety Association notes that traffic deaths tend to decrease when the economy sputters. Nationwide the numbers are still down significantly from the early 2000s.Okay, this is my first time doing this so I hope someone will enter.
Rules:
1) A colored fanart of two characters from two different series that seem to have "absolute power" or where their power "corrupts absolutely".
2) Please keep it for the general public (no hentai, yaoi, or yuri)
3) Characters can be posed/dressed anyway you like (see rule 2)
4) Please include the characters names and series either in your art or in the description. (If no character information is given, entry will be disqualified.)
5) Can be done in any style except chibis or super-deformed please.
6) One submission per member.Legal Question in Civil Litigation in Georgia
Power of Attorney
Does having a Power of Attorney nullify a restraining order?Restrainig order pertains to marital assests. Can either spouse give another person(s) power of attorney to remove items that are under a restraining order which states neither spouse can remove marital property?
2 Answers from Attorneys
Re: Power of Attorney
You cannot do indirectly (i.e., via a power of attorney) what you cannot do directly. However, as Mr. Wood said, if both parties to the divorce agree that certain property can be sold, the judge is probably not going to do anything about it.
Re: Power of Attorney
interesting question. I doubt a POA trumps a RO. The Judge issues the RO and you need for it to expire by its terms or be dissolved by the Court. The parties -- not of law which I am aware -- can sign their own POA and thus eliminate the effect of the RO. However, it is factually a bit circular, since the RO is created to protect the same party who has now signed a POA.
As your divorce lawyer. Good LuckTuesday, September 17, 2013 - Light nose. Medium body and somewhat light flavors of cherry, leather and slight oak. Needed 1 hour decant. This was a little more acidic than expected. Definitely needed food with the wine. We had some crackers and cheese with the wine, which worked well. I was expecting a lot more from 2008, and perhaps this wine still needs more time?Post a Comment / View cliffkol's profileNo Bake Recipes: 21 Fuss-Free Easy Desserts eCookbook
Bonus: Get our newsletter & special offers for free. We will not share or sell your email address. View our Privacy Policy
"Crack" Candy
By: Amanda Formaro for RecipeLion
Cooking Time: 10 min.
Notes
Find more delicious recipes in our collection of Homemade Candy: 23 Easy Candy Recipes.
Tags / Related Topics
Your Recently Viewed Recipes
Images from other cooks
Be the first to upload your own image for this recipe!
Love these recipes? Get MORE delivered to your Inbox – FREE Click Here!
spideronthewater88 8 2854822
May 01, 2014
This is sinsational!!! Everyone enjoyed this including my daughter who is studying to be a chief!!
- REPLY
- WAS THIS HELPFUL? YesNo
- REPORT ABUSE
wisegirl9 8452612
Nov 10, 2013
Omg it's heaven Wow
- REPLY
- WAS THIS HELPFUL? YesNo
- REPORT ABUSE
kaldirris 1928294
Oct 12, 2013
I've been making these for years, and they're amazing. I've recently started using townhouse-style (like Club) crackers, and it makes these even more addictive.
- REPLY
- WAS THIS HELPFUL? YesNo
- REPORT ABUSE
lcalivas 6459948
Oct 02, 2013
can cream cheese be added to the chocolate and can it r will it melt into the chocolate
- REPLY
- WAS THIS HELPFUL? YesNo
- REPORT ABUSE
Report Inappropriate Comment
Are you sure you would like to report this comment? It will be flagged for our moderators to take action.
Thank you for taking the time to improve the content on our site.anonymity (i.e. "Who farted?" "That guy"); or "man," which is basically your dad (i.e. "Man coming through! Man with testicles and a mustache coming through!").* "Dude" contains multitudes; it rolls off the brain like water; I wield it with instinct, not thought, like an appendage.
So imagine my delight when I came across this Atlantic article about the etymology of the word "dude." RELEVANT TO MY INTERESTS:
Dude may be the most Mandarin Chinese word in American English. In Mandarin, depending on how I intone the single syllable ma, I could be saying “mother” (mā), or I could be saying something as radically distinct as “horse” (mă).
...So what does the word itself mean? I can tell you what a mother is, and I can tell you what a horse is. But what’s a dude?
Dictionaries struggle with this question. Here, for instance, is Merriam-Webster:1: a man extremely fastidious in dress and manner: DANDY
2: a city dweller unfamiliar with life on the range; especially: an Easterner in the West
3: FELLOW, GUY—sometimes used informally as a term of address <hey,dude, what’s up>
Seriously, dudes?. The contemporary use of dude developed in the Pacific Coast surfing culture of the early 1960s, it entered mainstream popular culture in the early ’80s, and it’s persisted, until recently, along the same basic lines.
My love affair with "dude" doesn't have anything to do with dandies or surfing (WHAT IS THAT EVEN**), but it can be traced to two very clear and specific influences:
1) Hey Dude, my favorite TV show. (Circa 1990, not now.***)
2) And Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, my favorite movie. Circa always.
Though "dude" is mainly used sarcastically in Hey Dude (because Mr. Ernst is being a GIANT DORK PROBABLY), in Bill and Ted its full potential really blossoms. Bill S. Preston, Esq. and Ted "Theodore" Logan—especially Ted, my sweet, simple Ted—use "dude" to convey fear, joy, bewilderment, awe, outrage, brotherhood, heartbreak, concern for Napoleon, being sick of Deacon's bullshit, and the conflicting din of feelings that arises from one's stepmom's hot boobs. It is a master class in "dude." Bill, Ted, and their companions adjust to the novelty of time travel with the greatest of ease, and I have no doubt that "dude"—that ever-ready emotional chimera—was their most potent tool.
Without "dude," we would have no Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski. He would just be "Jeff." And would you watch a movie about a guy named Jeff!?!!!?!?!? I DIDN'T THINK SO.
Without "dude," who would have toppled Rufio's authoritarian child-government?
Without "dude," there would be no Dude, Where's My Car?, which, admittedly, I don't care about that much, but I did laugh. I laughed. Would I have laughed if it had been called, Fellow, Where's My Car? Wait, maybe. Bad example.
Some dudes tell me that I shouldn't say "dude"—that it's not for girls, that it's troublingly phallocentric, that it betrays an atrophied (or worse, congenitally stunted) intellect—and to those people I say dude. DUDE. WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF? Dude can be anything you make it. Embrace your power. Embrace the dude.
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude.
*Although, fun tip: It can be hilarious to sometimes use "guy" or "man" where you would normally use "dude." Try it at home! Examples: "NOT COOL, GUY." "Getta load of this man over here!"
**PROVE TO ME THAT THIS IS A SPORT AND NOT A VENDING MACHINE FOR SHARKS
***Maybe now.
Image by Jim Cooke.10896 NW 79th St, Miami, FL 33178
OFF MARKET
- Beds: 3
- Baths: 2
- Condo
- 1,691 sq ft
Listing Details
- Assessed Taxable Amount
- $235,450
- Tax Amount
- $5,881
- Last Transaction Date
- 07/30/2013
- Last Transaction Purchase Price
- $262,500
- Property Type
- Condo
- Bedrooms
- 3
- Bathrooms
- 2
- Floors
- 2
- Home Size (Sqft)
- 1,691
- Lot Size (Sqft)
- 1,516
- Lot Size (Acres)
- 0.03
-.East Stroudsburg University Gets Huge Response to Community Youth Track and Field Program
When East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania (ESU) initiated a youth track and field program earlier this month, organizers expected about 70 kids from the community to take part. Instead, 243 children ages 6-12 came to run, throw the shot put, practice the long jump and high jump and learn other events at Eiler-Martin Stadium on ESU’s campus.
“We are just thrilled with the response,” said Chris Merli, ESU track and field coach. “Obviously there’s a bigger need out there than we were aware of. The nice thing about track is everybody gets to do something, you’re not on the sidelines.”
The program runs 6:30-8 p.m. every Monday through Oct. 21 and will culminate in a track meet Friday, Oct. 25 at the stadium. Working with ESU coaches and about 25 student-athletes, the children learn the basics of sprinting and distance running, small hurdles, long jump, high jump, shot put and Turbo Jav, which is a special type of javelin that is safe for kids. The $50 fee for the program will help fund financial aid for university students.
“This is a great opportunity for children from the community to be introduced to the Olympic sport of track and field and receive coaching with an emphasis on fun and safe technique,” said Dr. Doreen M. Tobin, ESU vice president for student affairs. “Plus it’s great for our student athletes who get valuable experience working with kids and benefit from the proceeds which go toward scholarships.”
“Because of the huge number of kids coming out, registration for this session is closed. But ESU plans to have another youth track meet over the holidays in December and to expand the program to include summer sessions for kids,” Merli said.
“It’s really a great experience for kids to be out and be active,” said Sarah Goodrich, ESU manager for conference services. “I always think kids are going to get the most out of an experience if they have fun doing it.”
The program was the brainchild of Kelly Weaber, who works in residence life at ESU. She was searching for a youth track and field program for her two young sons but found nothing in the area. Weaber talked to Merli and the other track coaches who were enthusiastic about the idea. Weaber and Assistant Track Coach Michele Frayne set it up and promoted the initiative in area school districts.
Weaber said she has since heard from other parents who are thrilled their children are getting the opportunity to participate. “It just proves how much this program was needed in this community,” Weaber said.
For future youth track and field programs, see ESU’s conference services at www4.esu.edu/about/offices/conference_services/community_outreach.cfm or call the Office of Conference Services at 570-422-3061.Latest Pipe Stories
DALLAS, October 17, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- The report "Thermoplastic Pipe Market by Polymer Types (PE, PVDF, PVC, PA, and PP) Application (Oil & Gas, Mining & Dredging
LONDON, Oct.
The industry’s only rotary tool that can navigate bends and elbows in 4-inch piping at pressures up to 40k psi gets a high performance engineering boost Durango,
DALLAS, October 10, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- RnRMarketResearch.com adds latest reports on Polypropylene pipe market and Plastic Pipe industry for Global & China regions
The Banshee Beetle packs the most effective tube cleaning technology in the industry into a tiny rotary nozzle that can navigate elbows and bends in process piping, drain lines and u-tube bundles.
GLEN ELLYN, Ill., Sept.
FONTANA, Calif., Sept. 26, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- California Steel Industries, Inc. (CSI) today announced that its subsidiary, CSI Tubular Products, Inc.
DUBLIN, Sept.
The global drill pipe market is thereby expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.9% from 2014 to 2019.
This year’s August events attracted over 150 attendees to Mentor, OH. Mentor, OH.
- The analysis of literature, focusing on the words and grammar to the exclusion of context or literary merit.Daniel Abrahamian (AUS)
Country: Australia, Born April 20, 1990 (25 years old), Category: Junior, Boys
Profile | Ranking | Results | Statistics
Tournaments played in 2007See detailed tennis results of Daniel Abrahamian
If you are a player featured in CoreTennis, you can get in touch with us to have more information and your pictures published on your profile
Survey Reveals: Who Leads In Social Media, Business or Consumer Brands?
Written by Jeff Bullas - 19 Comments
Categories: Social Media Marketing
This debate of whether social media is best for consumer brands (B2C) or business brands (B2B) has been been ongoing for the last 2-3 years and Business.com has recently come out with a survey that
might make many rethink their assumptions. Most of the current and emerging case studies discussed extensively on the web, online media and blogs revolve around B2C such as Zappos, Gary Vaynerchuk, Dell, Naked Pizza and others.
As Business.com states “If you’re working in B2B, perhaps this data will provide you with value. Or, at the very least, it will arm with you data necessary to convince, compel, and persuade those skeptical or uninspired colleagues, clients, and managers.”
So below are the results of the survey for Social Media: B2B vs. B2C from Business.com in 21 different categories
1. Maintained company-related profiles on social networks:
B2B: 81%
B2C: 67%
2. Participate in Twitter:
B2B: 75%
B2C: 49%
3. Host blog/s:
B2B: 74%
B2C: 55%
4. Monitor brand mentions:
B2B: 73%
B2C: 55%
5. Engage in discussions:
B2B: 66%
B2C: 43%
6. Participate in Q&A sites such as Yahoo Answers, LinkedIn, forums:
B2B: 59%
B2C: 44%
7. Upload content (social objects) to Social Networks:
B2B: 50%
B2C: 32%
8. Manage a community dedicated to customers or prospects:
B2B: 49%
B2C: 51%
9. Monitor/support user ratings and reviews:
B2B: 49%
B2C: 51%
10. Produce Webinars or podcasts:
B2B: 46%
B2C: 22%
11. Advertise on social networks:
B2B: 42%
B2C: 54%
12. Utilize social bookmarking sites such as delicious and digg:
B2B: 38%
B2C: 21%
13. Employee recruiting:
B2B: 36%
B2C: 27%
14. Facebook
B2B: 77%
B2C: 83%
15. Twitter
B2B: 73%
B2C: 45%
16. LinkedIn
B2B: 56%
B2C: 27%
17. YouTube
B2B: 43%
B2C: 30%
18. MySpace
B2B: 14%
B2C: 23%
19. FriendFeed
B2B: 9%
B2C: 2%
20. Plurk
B2B: 1%
B2C: 0%
21. Other
B2B: 4%
B2C: 8%
Results For The 21 Categories
B2B Leads in 15 categories
B2C Leads in only 6 categories
Some of the challenges have been, how does business use social media to grow their brand in the social media space and the last 2 years has seen the emergence of changes that have removed the barriers for brands to use social media, especially in Facebook with the addition of the “Facebook Page” for corporates. Some of the walled gardens privacy in social media has been lowered in recent time, to enable Google and other search engines to crawl the site and enable brands to use the social media sites to improve their organic SEO and leverage their content distribution and brand presence. Some of these changes have included.
- Facebook slowly revising their privacy settings to open up real-time search capabilities within the 350 million strong network
- MySpace recently announcing the availability of a real-time API, businesses will have the ability, and the responsibility, to search for relevant conversations outside of Twitter and Google.
- Twitter doing a deal to feed its real time search into both Bing.
This is your opportunity to establish authority and attention online, social media gives you the leverage to achieve that by providing literally hundreds of different channels to place your content onto and then use those multiple channels to promote and spread that content. Without it, it’s easy to vanish from the cycle of awareness and consideration. Out of sight, out of mind…
So is your company a B2B or B2C and what benefits have you found with implementing social media for your: Solveig K Apelthun
Pingback: Karen Pheasant
Pingback: Carrie Bond
Pingback: Cacilda N.C.
Pingback: Leo Ferraro
Pingback: Tatiana Tosi
Pingback: The Phuse
Pingback: Sumit Gupta
Pingback: Karol McCloskey
Pingback: UX FeederVerizon Launching Galaxy S II on August 12?
The’s sliding QWERTY Attain and Sprint’s touch-only Within. We’re just curious to see if Verizon’s version will be touch-only or feature a keyboard of its own. Of course, we’d be happy if we’re given a choice between both come launch.
About author
You might also like
Republic Wireless to offer Moto X for $299 off contract
Fledgling cellular provider Republic Wireless is set to carry the Moto X at a much cheaper rate than any other carrier. An announcement from today sees them introducing the Moto
Telenav acquires ThinkNear, kicks off Scout Advertising platform
Telenav is kicking off a new location-based, mobile advertising platform this week with the acquisition of an LA-based company called ThinkNear. Blending their peanut butter with Telenav’s own chocolate, the:
7 Comments
ElvisJuly 28, 16:18
Wooohooo! Hehe they are a little too good @ keeping this thing a secret :/ GIMME SOME FINAL SPECS!
Randy JohnsonJuly 29, 13:16
Hey check out Dj weather post 1 hope you like it and link to by blog im new blogger and i could use your help thanks
BrianB13July 30, 19:03
I doubt it will come out on August 12th but it would be nice if it did. Verizon seems to be preparing for the Bionic next month but there’s absolutely nothing about the SGSII coming soon.
uggs bootsJanuary 12, 03:31
uggs boots.Hongming still do, people are not finishing a heavy veteran tapped on the shoulder, KL*NMBz to veterans.This time, other players have basically solved Xuelang outside the picket. uggs boots uk Fool, Snow Wolf is our trump card, and point you to disclose information, they are just like you scout, but cattle than you. Blue Army commander says proudly, as if he had foreseen victory in general. We have to speed up the pace, looking for a shortcut road, rush in front of them to eliminate them. Shangguan running while Jing said. kids uggs boots Hey, the company commander, you do not damage me, and I know that was wrong, and today I come back is to admit the wrong. Li Bin said quickly. mens.
gucci outletJanuary 14, 09:42
gucci outlet Zhao, things are not so simple ah, you see, we ate blue is not a false teacher, but you see we are the infantry eat ah. The enemy heavy tanks, missile units, air force did not appear this, but their ace ah, and reconnaissance aircraft have been scouted several times, and the enemy’s command center and it has not been found. we are still a large force of one after another to come here, no heavy equipment ashore most of this If the pressure over the enemy tank division, we had better suffer ah this group. Meng close analysis of the company commander said.Xuelang players every two people waiting outside the red triple camping tent, ready to Lvv*GccJingle bell, jingle bell, the telephone call interrupted the harsh memories of Li Bin, Li Bin, but did not answer the phone, but still looked blankly house ceiling, as if the roof was the same, that perhaps he Jing children of it, valiant and heroic, and looked mighty Jing children, Li Bin in the hands of time have been unknowingly burned cigarette, and flames as if not willing to short the disappearance of the former courageously straight until hot to the Li Bin finger, the temperature of hot daze of being stung Li Bin, Li Bin quickly throw the hands of the cigarette to see a finger injury, see there is no right up, went into the bathroom, looking at the bathroom mirror show figure out their own abjection, Li Bin smile. gucci outlet stores Three shifts of the barracks where his comrades are preparing for their selection. Li Bin’s only one bed in silence, as if thinking about something. outlet gucci online So put the video finished, the house became very boring, all faces are covered with anger, they really do not understand, how the monkey gang Y to the south, get on the ground had just been playing a few years, and came out to make trouble, and compatriots for their own country, imagine the taste of my heart, everyone can not wait to eat the people in this country, because everyone here points in addition to the young officers, have experienced that war, everyone experienced the departure of his comrades, and Y is the culprit of this war the country.Training ground, the soldiers of Han Shasheng come and go, and Li Bin’s voice is clear and legible, as was touched to the triple black for him, his efforts to be more alone, more than triple up to save face for the military exploits Therefore, Li Bin in the training field with other people who appear different from the gas field, as if he’s like a battle-hardened, like pancakes, for their own ideals for their own triple. gucci outlet store Monitor, do not bother him. is the case, I think we are very clear, this action is unprecedented in China’s air and sea military exercises, but also to show the new era of military operations concept, and the People’s Liberation Army, my mission is to protect the family Patriotic, Ladies and gentlemen, I hope that this exercise we play 39 division of Wal-Mart, to the party and the people a satisfactory answer. have no confidence? Meng commander shouted.
discount ugg bootsJanuary 16, 03:21
discount ugg boots Oh, this kid Jiang Hao, actually I get into trouble, I always feel my heart these days is not to happen, did not think Xu Biao also regret saying.Bin Brother house laughed so simple. Chao Li Bin’s face to detect the said apologetically. Yum&MNp Damn it, really fragrant, blue also have lost the battle of the mind as well eat. Li Bin said to himself, a sudden burst of inspiration, from his pocket and took out a packet to the field kitchen truck ran. ugg boots discount discount uggs boots.God not ask your name ah? The man asked. uggs discounted Chao is coming home in two when the impressive scene appeared, a few small fry in front of fight with Chao. The report head, and red with Huben reconnaissance unit, Pvt Li Bin. Li Bin said loudly.What did you say? Ruan Yunfei excited Jiuqi guard collar shouted loudly.
cheap oakley sunglassesFebruary 20, 03:24
YBTLXYLBGBDQWYHH
Discount Oakley Sunglasses For Sale Are World FamousDelta T11886 Replacement Parts
There are 16 repair parts listed below for:
- Manufacturer/Brand: Delta
- Model #: Delta T11886
- Description: Arzo Three Function Diverter Valve Trim - Two Independent Positions, One Shared11886? At Build.com, all of our replacement parts list below are 100% genuine Delta products. Use these parts to repair your faucet and restore it to its original condition. Use our repair parts diagrams to find the exact part for your T11886. We help make repairing your faucet easy when you shop with us.
The Delta T11886 has 16 repair items that are compatable with the following Delta SKUs: T11886-SS, T11886, T11886-SS-LEGACY .[Desi Spotting = items with a South Asian connection - see our archive]
Sunday, Feb. 6, 2011: Live-blogging the Super Bowl on this post, looking for South Asian stuff during the telecast - starting 6:30 pm EST. You can see all the commercials at
What did we miss? Email us: saja at columbia.edu or @sajaHQ on Twitter.
- See the 2010 Super Bowl desi live blog here.
- See the 2009 Super Bowl desi live blog here.
- See the 2008 Super Bowl desi live blog here.
- See 2007 post about a single Bud Light ad.
We'll be looking for sideline shots of Brandon Chillar, who is a member of the Green Bay Packers. A terrific linebacker for the team, he was injured in November, so is not in uniform tonight. You can listen to the SAJA webcast from 2009 with Chillar; his agent, Jim Ivler, his agent; and Kevin Negandhi, ESPN anchor.
11 am ET: Listen to SAJA's Super Bowl Sunday Webcast:
SAJA, the South Asian Journalists Association, and SAMMA, South Asians in Media, Marketing and Entertainment Association, present a conversation about the biggest day in American sports from a South Asian perspective. Join us as SAJA co-founder Sree Sreenivasan (@sree) and sports marketing prof Vijay Setlur (@vijaysetlur) chats with ESPN's Kevin Negandhi (@knegandhiespn), who's co-hosting SportsCenter that night; Anish Shroff (@anishESPN), ESPN anchor-reporter, who covers college footballl; Adnan Virk (@adnanvirkESPN), ESPN anchor; Aditi Kinkhabwala (@AKinkhabwala), NY Giants reporter for the Wall Street Journal, who is covering the Super Bowl; and Arash Markazi (@arashmarkazi) columnist for ESPNLosAngeles.com. We had hoped to have Chillar call in for a few minutes, but he wasn't able to join us (see above for our 2009 webcast with #54).
- - - -
12:08 pm: SAJAer and ESPNEWS anchor Adnan Virk (@adnanvirkESPN) (or the right) co-hosts "Highlight Express," filled with Super Bowl coverage. Negandhi was a guest on SAJA's Super Bowl webcast - see link above - and discussed his career path, advice for those interested in sportscasting and more. Click on image for bigger version.
10:02 pm: A desi gets a Super Bowl ring - Brandon Chillar (who is on injured reserve) will be among those who get a Super Bowl Ring as the Packers beat the Steelers. That makes him the second South Asian to win a ring (Bobby Singh was the first, with the St. Louis Rams).
From an 2009 post on SAJAforum, here are the only two other South Asian players to play for the NFL:
- Bobby Singh, St. Louis Rams (the only player, perhaps, to be on the teams to win an NFL Super Bowl, a Canadian Football League Grey Cup and an XFL championship)
- Sanjay Rajiv Beach, who played four years from 1989-1993 (for the NY Jets, Green Bay Packers and San Francisco 49ers); he is in the record books for catching soon-to-be superstar Brett Favre's first proper completion, in 1992 (Favre's very first completion was a pass deflected to, and caught by, Favre himself).
9:58 pm: SAJAforum exclusive! This is a photo of SAJAer and ESPN anchor Kevin Negandhi (@knegandhiESPN), taken minutes before he hosts SportsCenter, which goes live on ESPN as soon as the Super Bowl ends on Fox.. The SportsCenter right after the Super Bowl as got to be one of the highest-rated episodes of the most popular sports shows in the world. Negandhi was a guest on SAJA's Super Bowl webcast - see link above - and discussed his career path, advice for those interested in sportscasting and more. Click on image for bigger version.
UPDATE - 10:08 pm: A photo of Negandhi in action:
8:20 pm: SAJAer Aman Batheja (@amanbatheja), a reporter at the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, is tweeting from the action. Here are some of his tweets:
amanbatheja 8:19pm via twidroyd
Jumbotron giving crowd instructions. "Break glow sticks" "Wave glow sticks slowly" #sbst #sbxlv
amanbatheja8:12pm via twidroyd
jerry jones was right. this is the greenest #superbowl ever #sbst #sbxlv
And you can see one of his blog posts here, which is about fans outside the stadium (which is where you see him below).
7:40 pm: From tweets to @sajaHQ by Niraj Warikoo (@nwarikoo), religion reporter for the Detroit Free Press:
The guy who helped former Steelers all-star center Mike Webster when he was sick was an Indian-American, Sunny Jani
"For the last six years of Mike Webster's life, from 1997 to 2002, Jani was his most consistent, most constant companion."
7:05 pm: There are three Groupon ads coming up during the Super Bowl telecast (featuring Cuba Gooding, Jr., Timothy Hutton, and Liz Hurley). The site with came to worldwide attention when it turned down Google's offer of a $6-billion acquistion, is now preparing for an IPO said to be valued at $15 billion. The desi connection? Groupon's VP of product development is Suneel Gupta (@guptathink), who we featured on SAJAforum two years ago when he launched KahaniMovement with his brother Dr. Sanjay Gupta (@SanjayGuptaCNN) of CNN. Suneel's wife is SAJAer Leena Rao (@leenarao), who is a writer at TechCrunch, the popular tech news site.
6:45 pm: While you're watching the most famous hair in American sports - that would be Troy Polamalu's lustrous tresses - take a moment to see a NY Post article called "The Hair Pair." It's about how SAJA Board member Raakhee Mirchandani (@raakstar) has the same hair as Polamalu.
Post your comments below.You are hereHome › Global Politics › Africa ›
For Uganda's Salvation Restore Constitutional Rule
Uganda's Gen Museveni believes his wishes supercede the Constitution
[Commentary: Global]
In this ongoing series The Black Star News continues to invite commentary from Ugandan citizens on how to move the East African country away from autocracy to the rule of law and democratic governance.
The political environment in Uganda can be best understood by examining how the multiparty system works, the essence of media and civil society and the handling of public resources and funds.
Multiparty dispensation was ushered in Uganda in the year 2000. Regardless of what is enshrined in the Constitution of the Republic of Uganda, the Yoweri Museveni regime restricts the operation of opposition parties, their leaders and supporters. The parties are prohibited from holding rallies, sponsoring or offering a platform seeking public opinion. Security operatives are illegally used to crush any voices of dissent with innocent citizens enduring physical abuse and detention for exercising their democratic rights in attending peaceful rallies and protests.
Take for example the Public Order Management Bill (POMB), now a duly recognized law, carries therein a clause intended to be used to clamp down on the voices of the opposition. Within the POMB, only the Inspector General of Police (IGP) can issue permission to hold public rallies or meetings and the minister for internal affairs has discretionary powers in sentencing those deemed to have acted in contravention of said law.
Furthermore, multi-party political dispensation is curtailing the participation of and progress of women’s issues in parliament as stated by women legislators in the government newspaper New Vision, on 17th July.
The women legislators under their umbrella body, the Uganda women Parliamentary Association (UWOPA), expressed concern that they are constrained in their work to push for the women's causes by the requirement to abide by their parties' positions.
"Because the party brought you to Parliament it can discipline you if you go against its position," Kole District Woman MP, Ruth Acheng said at a high level dialogue on "Leadership with a Difference" organized by Isis-Women's International Cross Cultural Exchange (Isis-WICCE) held in Kampala.
Grace Isingoma (Isingiro) said, "The Multi-party dispensation has affected our participation." She said that at times women MPs appreciate contribution by their colleagues from other political parties, but cannot come up to support them openly for fear of the consequences.
The legal adviser of the Democratic Party, who is also the chairperson of the East African Legislative Assembly, Freddie Mukasa Mbidde, was once quoted as follows: “In Uganda today there is no multi-party dispensation at all, we only have registered political parties but their views and intentions under which they registered for cannot be achieved.”
Uganda has a diverse and active civil society: for example, Human Rights Watch, with a vibrant media network in operation all over the country, including independent media. All those critical of the Kampala regime, despite the fact that Constitution allows for freedom of independent press, are subjected to harassment, detention, seizure of material and temporary closures.
Many journalists have been left with no choice but self-censorship, leaving the ruling National Resistance Movement (NRM) through the Museveni regime to enjoy monopoly.
Furthermore, the regime disseminates the message that opposition political parties are destructive, sectarian and are the ones responsible for Uganda’s woes.
For the last 30 years, Uganda has witnessed unprecedented levels of corruption. The merciless robbery of Uganda’s resources, including donor funds, means there are many regions that have suffered and continue to suffer severe marginalization by the government.
People continue to suffer as a result of: the senseless and protracted war in Acholi region; the favoritism for citizens from Western Uganda and to a lesser extent Southern regions, in accessing public employment opportunities; the bias representation in appointments to key positions in the army, government and judiciary. These threaten to be the downfall of President Museveni.
The regime has clung on to power through election-rigging and blatant bribery whereby elections are bought with cash stuffed in "brown envelops"; even Members of Parliament accepted $2,800 each to vote to remove presidential term limits from the Constitution.
Uganda was dealt a huge embarrassment when foreign governments started to demand that Uganda pay back misused aid money.
In my opinion the way forward for Uganda is peaceful political change to an administration that will restore the rule of law, reinstate presidential term limits, respect the Constitution and support the interests of all regions in Uganda irrespective of which region the President is from.
It is desirable for the youth and other activists to cooperate with each other in different parts of the country; centralizing activities only to Kampala cannot yield meaningful results. Coordinate activities and conceive ideas, for example translate and explain the Constitution in rural areas so that all citizens are aware of their rights as enshrined in the Constitution of the Republic of Uganda. Only then can the ordinary man rise up with one voice and say, enough!
After people understand their rights as enshrined in the Constitution can ordinary citizens demand service delivery, schools with scholastic material for our children, medicines in our hospitals, clinics and dispensaries, beds for our patients, maternity care for our mothers, security for the citizens, and safe roads.
Nyamugabwa is a Teacher in Uganda
To share your own views on the way forward in Uganda send your commentary to milton@blackstarnews.comDesperately seeking sites that use a flash "pinwheel" wireframe approach to navigation. Don't know what it's really called but it looks like a star chart and when you mouse over any top-level navigation items (or click) it expands to further sub navs, all through a GUI look & feel. Anyone have a clue??? thx.Well. Checking each partition individually adds mystery to the problem. Each of the disks reports no errors, and the fsck'ing of each disk individually looks clean. Yet, running fsck on /dev/rraid0a yields similar results to the ones I already posted. My guess is that I'm seeing memory corruption. This makes me wonder if I need to reboot the machine without syncing the disks first. Perhaps I need to install memtest86 to see if I can exercise the memory and find out where the problem is. -thanks -Brian On Jul 10, 8:39pm, Manuel Bouyer wrote: } Subject: Re: Problem with raidframe: bad disk or bad memory, how to tell? } On Thu, Jul 10, 2008 at 11:30:18AM -0700, Brian Buhrow wrote: } > Hello. I have a NetBSD-3.1 system in production which seems to be } > experiencing a filesystem issue on its raid1 root partition. The symptoms } > are that when we tried to run a backup last night, the dump program never } > completed, and it created an endless dump file. Also, running fsck on the } > root partition yields inconsistent results, especially when you consider } > that this machine isn't that active. } > I think that either one of the disks is silently corrupting data, } > or I have some bad memory in the box. I'm almost certain it's a hardware } > issue, but the question is, how to tell which hardware specifically is the } > problem? I could try failing one of the disks, but then, if I pick the } > wrong one, I'm really in trouble. Is there some utility I can use to } > compare the contents of the two disks to see if they're equal? the box is } > a production box, as I mentioned, so I'd like to avoid bouncing it up and } > down, at least until I've figured out what the problem is most likely to } > b. } > Any thoughts? } } For each disk you can create a 4.2BSD partition which matches the RAID-1 } partition, and so run fsck on each drive independantly. } The matching 4.2BSD partition usually starts 64 sectors after the RAID } partition } } -- } Manuel Bouyer <bouyer%antioche.eu.org@localhost> } NetBSD: 26 ans d'experience feront toujours la difference } -- >-- End of excerpt from Manuel BouyerInside Wall Street
NORDIC RIPPLES FROM DISNEY'S DEAL
Go Scandinavian, if you want an outside play on Walt Disney's surprise $19 billion acquisition of Capital Cities/ABC. Buy Scandinavian Broadcasting Systems, that is, say some pros. Its shares (SVTVF) jumped 31/4, to 27, two days after the July 31 announcement of the deal. The reason: Cap Cities has a 23.5% stake in Scandinavian, which owns and operates six commercial TV stations in Scandinavia and the Benelux nations, plus radio stations in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden. The company also has an application to operate in Britain through a consortium.
The merger is a big plus for Scandinavian, partly "because of Disney's commitment to expand into international markets," says Melissa Cook, an analyst at Prudential Securities. John Whittier of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities, thinks so, too. "With Disney coming into the fold, Scandinavian is in an even better position to develop its operations across Scandinavia and other parts of Europe," he said.
All that makes Scandinavian an attractive property, especially to the likes of Viacom, which has a 7% stake in Scandinavian. Through its Paramount unit, Viacom has a 10-year pact to supply movies to Scandinavian.
Cook's initial target for Scandinavian is 35 a share. But the stock may overshoot the mark. Viacom may opt to go after Scandinavian to protect its interests. Cap Cities has a standstill agreement not to exceed a 25% stake until November, 1996. Beyond that, Cap Cities may go after the slice of the stock it doesn't already own. Or it could be sold to another buyer.
Cook calculates the private market value of Scandinavian at 57 a share.BY GENE G. MARCIALI feel the touch of the cool wind on my skin
My hair waves as it blown by the wind
It follows my heart as it may seem
And it’s like coming from the distance where you’ve been.
As the wind blows, it takes the pain away
That this heart is carrying from day by day
When I walk, the wind is still my coming through my way
It is like telling me to come and play.
It is you the wind that I feel
Having you here is like for real
Even though between us is distance
Someday there’ll be a chance to have you in a glance.
I hope and pray, your promise won’t be broken
Your words for me will never be forgotten
I’ll be keeping you in my heart with a seal
As long as the wind goes blowing still.
So if the wind could stay for a life time
Then every poem to be written will still be in rhyme
But if this wind would stop and couldn’t stay
I’d rather be taken by the wind as it goes away.
This poem was written/submitted by Juenessee Dona.
Be first to commentPlease ask before using any of my photos. Please note that I will block you if :
1. you follow me or fav my photos but have no photos of yr own.
2. you have no buddy icon.
3. you follow hundreds of thousands of people.
4. you spam my timeline by faving a ton of my pics.
5. your photostream contains impersonal images ie. celebrity photos, magazine cut-outs, gaming pictures etc.
*bossacafez's favorite photos from other Flickr members (646)
Groups (6)
- ! **hokkori / ほっこり写真術 27,034 photos, 1,579 members
- ! **お散歩カメラ / osanpo camera 480,486 photos, 13,841 members
- ! **Cafe Jikan / カフェ時間 6,784 photos, 772 members
- 서울 | Seoul 20,719 photos, 947 members
- I Love Korea!! 50,362 photos, 2,207 members
- Korea Images 103,717 photos, 5,897 members
Testimonials (3)
JoyHey says:
"Love love love. Enough said!! :) Pretty, sweet, cute, and delicious! I am in love with the stream. Thank you for sharing your beautiful and mouthwatering food art with us."
January 27th, 2012
wiffygal says:
"Your photography is awesome :)"
February 4th, 2009
soapylovedeb says:
"I haven't had the priveledge of tasting any of bossacafez' creations, but everytime I look at her photos I feel inspired! The colors and compositions are jaw dropping gorgeous. Don't take my word for it, see for yourself! :)"
April 3rd, 2008
- Joined:
- February 2006
- I am:
- Female and Taken
- Website:
- Evan's Kitchen Ramblings.
To become a Diplomate of the NDBA, one must pass a written examination, offered at each of ADSA's meetings: Chicago in December, Las Vegas in February and the ADSA Annual Session in April.
The requirements to sit for the Exam are:
1. Active membership in the American Dental Society of Anesthesiology.
2. Graduation from a College of Dentistry accredited by the Council on Dental Education of the American Dental Association or one approved by the Board of Directors of the ADSA.
3. Completion of: a. Continuous full-time participation in a Residency in Dental Anesthesiology Program acceptable to the ADSA Board of Directors, OR b. An accredited Oral and Maxillofacial surgery residency. Exam applications must include documentation from the institution in which anesthesiology training was obtained, including start/completion dates.The Cullowhee Creek Environmental Field Station (CCEFS), a portion of campus that is the focus of most investigations (Figure 2), consists of fixed-position hydrologic stations, and portable geophysical and hydrologic equipment to study the site. The equipment permits students to measure, monitor, and characterize the environmental systems on campus.
Tools and approaches used in characterizing the field station are also used to address questions outside the Cullowhee Creek watershed, particularly in upper level classes and independent research projects.
A website for the CCEFS serves as a communication tool, providing access to equipment protocols, conceptual background information and links, maps, and archived and newly acquired data.
Hydrologic stations include three groundwater wells, a stream gage, and an automated weather station. Each well and the stream gage contain water-level loggers (pressure transducers) that continuously monitor water levels. Portable hydrologic equipment includes a logging multiprobe (temperature, pH, conductivity, dissolved oxygen, and turbidity), standard hand-held probes (e.g. temperature, pH, conductivity), current meters, groundwater bailers and pumps, and spectrophotometers (Table 1).
Effective characterization of the stream, and particularly the groundwater systems on campus requires an understanding of the surface and subsurface materials and structure. Surface exposures of bedrock and soil are evaluated by students using traditional tools (e.g., hammer, soil probe, etc.) to make observations and descriptions. Lithologic logs, from the drilling of the groundwater wells, provide spot information on subsurface materials.
Several geophysical tools—including seismic, resistivity, ground penetrating radar and magnetics (Table 1)—permit better three-dimensional characterization of subsurface parameters such as
depth to bedrock or the groundwater table. Each of these tools has strengths and limitations
so that the combined methods provide a better understanding of subsurface parameters
than any individual method. Geophysical equipment includes a SmartSeis 12 channel
seismograph with refraction analysis software, a Sting R1 resistivity meter with 800m
of cable and 2D inversion software, a Ramac ground penetrating radar system with 50,
100 and 200 MHz antennae, and an E G & G proton precession magnetometer.There are 35 photos in the gallery
Service Information
Visiting Hours
Funeral Etiquette
Guest Book
"I haven't seen my cousin Toni since I was a small child, my mom, Aunt Norma told me of Toni's death, I am so sorry for the whole family. My mom told me we..." Sue Grant (Saco, ME)
"So sorry to hear of Toni's passing. I knew her when she lived in my aunts apartment and only had Shawna at the time. She was a very caring person. I am..."
"To The Caterina Family: So sorry to hear about your loss. GOD Bless all of you. Barbara Mulkern"
"I can't begin to tell you how sorry I am for your loss. Toni and the entire Mancini family were such a huge part of my younger days growing up beside them...." Jaime Burnham (San Antonio, TX)
"Cat & Family, We are so very sorry for the loss of "Toni". Our hearts goes out to all of you who so deeply loved her. I pray that you will find comfort in..." Pat & Sharon McLeod (CAIRO, EGYPT)
More Obituaries
Personalize Your Tribute
Moving Memories
Make Your Plan Today
Audio Condolencesvia press release:
24/7 COTTO/MARTINEZ
JUNE 5 EPISODE
Episode #2 (finale)
Debut: THURSDAY, JUNE 5 (8:30-9:00 p.m. ET/PT)
Other HBO playdates: June 5 (12:30 a.m.), 6 (7:30 p.m.), 7 (noon), 8 (11:00 a.m.), 10 (noon, 1:30 a.m.), 11 (6:15 p.m., 5:30 a.m.), 12 (1:30 p.m.), 13 (3:00 p.m.) and 14 (11:00 a.m.)
HBO2 playdates: June 6 (1:15 a.m.), 7 (5:30 p.m.), 8 (11:00 p.m.) and 10 (9:00 p.m.)
Superstar fighters Miguel Cotto (38-4, 31 KOs) and Sergio Martinez (51-2-2, 28 KOs) arrive in New York for their red-hot middleweight title showdown.
24/7 COTTO/MARTINEZ is also available on HBO Latino.
HBO will present both episodes back-to-back on Friday, June 6 (7:00-8:00 p.m.) and Saturday, June 7 (11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.)
.
###It only took about 3 1/2 days to wear off. Maybe we need a proxy where he's not allowed to talk anymore, because he brings everything about ACT down. And besides being a WS shyster, he's now turned himself into a DOWNER-CLOWNER! He sort of reminds me of the Browns ex-QB, Brandom Weedon, he just can't get the job done, and he needs to be benched, too.
sounds like you think you put your money on a bad bet, whose fault is that.- GW. TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOU MISTAKES. DONT BLAME OTHER PEOPLE, LMAOAutonomous Individualism
For autonomous individualism, there is no objective truth or value before which one’s will, one’s liberty, must yield in obedience. I want it; therefore I will it; therefore I choose it and must have it. In this illusion of perfect liberty, our world is as we construct and control it. There is resistance to any data from other people, other worlds, other nations and other times.
And yet the cost is great. With every triumph of the will unconstrained by people, principle or God, there comes a blowback, the unleashing of forces that not only confound the will in its drive to control, but also assault the one who wills. We can see this happening in at least three arenas of our lives.
1. The disaster of a war of choice. The project grew out of a desire to control the world and impose our will despite the wishes of the international community and the ethical demands of a just war. A reckless intervention has not only tragically caused the loss of life and the waste of a mountain of treasure; it has also set a new standard for pre-emptive wars that will come to haunt us. Only recently has our resistance to data weakened. Not quite a year ago (March 13) Fred Barnes on Fox News with Bret Hume uttered a dictum unassailable before any data: The chances of a civil war are nil. It’s simply not going to happen. Now even Donald Rumsfeld has had to face facts. Oh, but if only our willing it could have made it otherwise. That’s the illusion waiting to seduce us all, not just in political matters, but in the most personal as well.
2. The perils of reproductive autonomy. Undoubtedly, there can be great benefit in applying rationality and informed choice to our sexual behavior. But recent years have seen such unfettered freedom in matters of reproduction that the control of birth is spinning out of control. Children of anonymous sperm-sellers wonder who was the male and whether they have countless half-brothers and sisters walking around. Women in Britain complain that they receive a mere 500 Euros for their eggs, when they can travel to the United States and make $10,000. A Johns Hopkins survey has revealed that 3 percent of clinics offering preimplantation genetic diagnosis have selected embryos for the presence of disabilitythe parents want only a child who has their disability. The BBC reports that Ukraine, the self-styled stem cell capital of the world, has a trade not only in the stem cells of aborted fetuses, but also from snatched and dispatched newborns. It may strike us now as appalling, but we will soon hear the same rhetoric about wasting the stem cells of embryos applied to all those wasted fetuses aborted at 8 or 18 weeks. Since there are absolutely no legal or commonly held ethical restraints on reproduction, there is no argument to offer against removing a 15-week fetus to see what it does as it dies, or to harvest its organs, or to exploit its reproductive or stem cells.
3. Greed that destroys itself. How ironic is it that the democratic capitalism some are breaking their backs and their consciences to celebrate is the very force eroding their beliefs, culture and children? The absence of legal or moral constraints on profit-making has already led to trillion-dollar scandals, imprisonment for some and misery for many others. Money, like sex and war, if reduced to a matter of personal or national self-interest, has its own unintended blowback. We may continue to pretend that lavishing millions on mediocre entertainers and athletes is inevitable and laudable. We may ignore the obscene inequities of golden parachutes for executives and $30 million Christmas bonuses for stock traders. But we will not be able to ignore the damage to the earth, the displacement of populations and the erosion of our national infrastructure and institutions of education and health care, once they are thrust upon us.
Now, perhaps more than ever, it is time to reaffirm the tradition of the common good in our moral and political life. But this will not occur if the only trump cards we hold are called individualism and autonomy.Building Buddies
I had an MRI of the brain and spine again today. Lying on my back seems to cause more head and neck pain, so you can imagine how pleasant that experience was. But I got through it, and I guess I'll get the results tomorrow.
And after my week off, I'm back on my chemo pill of Xeloda...which doesn't seem to have negative side effects for me. Actually, I seem to feel worse when I'm off it. We'll see how this works out this week.
Labels: cancer, kids, MRI, playing
4 Comments:
Wow, I really needed to hear that verse tonight. Thank you. And thanks for continuing to keep us updated -- on the medical stuff and all of its ramifications, but also on the happenings of your beautiful family. You continue to be in our thoughts and prayers.
Dear Cari:
Is the Xeloda a steroid or hormone or something? Whatever, I am so glad to hear that you are feeling more "normal". I want you to know that I look to you as a hero, you are the most faith filled, courageous, strongest, youngwoman that I have had the pleasure of knowing and I am so proud to call you my niece! I love you so much! You are constantly in my prayers, as well as the rest of your family. Because I know that whatever effects you effects them too, so they need to be as strong, understanding, patient, and faithful as you are.
Love you much,
Auntie Nita
P.S.: In case I failed to mention this, I am so relieved that Carlos is out there with you and Max, and so appreciative that you all are looking out for and taking care of my baby! 0000000XXXXXXX!
look at those adorable kids! max's smile!!
Max really does have the BEST smile!!!
Love, DanaWilliam Beaumont School of Medicine
Awards And Certifications From January 16
Technology-related industry awards, recognitions, prizes and certifications earned by Michigan’s technology-focused companies, institutions, groups and people
Oakland University’s New Med School To Open Soon
In one week, the first medical school to open in Michigan since 1964 will begin classes. It’s the Oakland University William Beaumont School of Medicine.• Current Job Openings
• Labor Market Information
• Adult Basic Education (ABE) Classes
• General Education Development (GED) Classes
• Writing and Math College Prep Classes
• Case Management
• Career Counseling
• Classroom Training
• On-the-job Training
• Subsidized Employment Contracts
• Job Readiness Workshops
• Basic Computer Classes
• Car Maintenance Workshops
• Employer Interviews
Employer Services Including:
• Employee recruitment
• Labor Market Information
• Meeting Room Rentals
• Proficiency Testing & Assessment Services
• Screening Services
• Interview Coordination Services
Hours: Mon, Tues, Wed, Fri: 8:30AM-4:30PMThurs: 10AM-4:30PM
Rate:
Display Name:
Your Review:
Save Review
Cancel
All comments are subject to review. If it's decided that a comment is inappropriate then it will be deleted from the site.
print close directionsStudents push for energy efficiency
Environmental rally calls for grid neutrality by 2050
"You're a dirty boy, coal."
Such was the hand-painted banner in the cafeteria of Albert Einstein High School, where more than 100 county students gathered at an environmental rally on Friday to send a message to the county Board of Education: We want grid neutrality, and we want it soon.
The Montgomery County Student Environmental Activists (MCSEA), a student group comprised of about 50 county public and private school students, is lobbying the Board of Education to commit to making Montgomery County Public Schools nearly grid neutral, or energy self-sufficient, by 2050.
The rally, which featured speakers from the Chesapeake Climate Action Network and music from high school and college performers, was designed to get more signatures on the grid neutrality petition being circulated by MCSEA, as well as generate energy among the student body to attend Monday's Board meeting, where the group presented the petition and request.
Mary Claire Erskine, a senior at Einstein High and the campaign director for MCSEA, said a previous shot at testifying before the school board "was not as successful in conveying our desire to get a commitment."
"[The board] has been shy to take a commitment toward anything, so that's what the rally is really aiming to get them to do," Erskine said.
MCSEA has been working on the endeavor all school year, and gathered more than 1,000 signatures on a petition asking the board to make the commitment, which would require 20 percent grid neutrality by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050.
Sara Peterson, a Walter Johnson sophomore soliciting petition signatures at the rally, said she "found my place in the climate movement."
"I feel like now is the time when everyone who's young, everyone who's old and everyone who knows what's right should be involved in the climate movement," Peterson said. She said because MCSEA is a student group, it was obvious to start with the schools.
Erskine agreed that smaller projects could have been taken on, but "Instead of just recycling or stream cleanup, we're trying to get government change."
The group has members from several area high schools, including Walter Johnson, Albert Einstein, Winston Churchill, Montgomery Blair, Gaithersburg, John F. Kennedy and even Sidwell Friends. In addition to broad membership, MCSEA used sophisticated campaign tactics to promote the rally, making hundreds of phone calls using nearly 500 numbers obtained from an earlier campaign to ask the next presidential administration to support carbon neutral policies.
At an October economic forum held by the Board of Education, members of MCSEA were told that in the current economic climate it would be difficult to make their request a priority.
The group now has a plan to achieve the commitment, said co-director Gabriel Schwartzman, a Walter Johnson senior. MCSEA is proposing using a revolving funding mechanism to finance solar panels and other improvements to county schools, in which an initial "down payment" would be made on the first project, and money saved from reduced energy expenditures would be placed in an account to finance future projects.
Schwartzman said the group modeled the idea after something similar being done in California, but said he could not provide specific savings estimates because "they're a whole state so it's different to …project savings on a county level."
Marshall Spatz, the budget director for MCPS, said the system is already installing solar panels in some schools through the Capital Budget. He said he "would certainly encourage [the students]," but committing to their grid neutrality requests would require extensive analysis.
"I'm just not sure about how that works, what it amounts to," Spatz said.
Schwartzman said after the board meeting, which was attended by about 15 MCSEA members, the group got no official commitment but felt the reaction was "positive."
"Most of the board members reacted saying they wanted to work with us," and encouraged the group to attend a meeting on Feb. 19 which will focus on energy policy.
Schwartzman said the board did say there might be other priorities before making the school system grid neutral. "We might disagree on those points," he said, but he's optimistic "in the coming months there's a good possibility there will be a commitment." a 3-1 lead, but promptly loaded the bases with one out. Chris Perez relieved and gave up a grand slam to Paul Konerko.
"I'm going down to start," said Sowers. "They said I could come back up on July 19 if they need a starter."
The Indians play Seattle on the July 19.
There has been speculation that the Indians would move Sowers into the bullpen. Tomo Ohka is expected to make Sowers scheduled start Sunday against the Tigers.When I decided to throw a First Day of Summer party, I called my genius friend Andrea to help us come up with 3 different infused Lemonades. She always throws together lemonde effortlessly for big groups and I wanted to know her tricks. She made Ginger Lemonade, Watermelon Mint Lemonade, and Blueberry Lavender Lemonade. All three were incredible. Today, I’m excited for her to share her tips and tricks in her own words: (ps: the drink dispensers are from CB2.)
Materials and instructions below the jump.
Recipes by Andrea Pimental
Photography by Paul Ferney for Oh Happy Day
Art Direction by Jordan Ferney
Production by Alison Piepmeyer
Styling by Caitlin Barker
Crafting by Tais Horta
PARIS BEE kids blog
June 19, 2013
Oh my, these are sooooo pretty!!!
BTW, would you know where to find glass dispensers like this in Paris? I’d love to try the same thing!!
xoxo PARIS BEE kids blog
Marie @ Little Kitchie
June 19, 2013
Ohh that ginger lemonade sound so refreshing!
STEL STYLE
June 19, 2013
this drink recipe is really cool, this weekend I have a party and I will do this lemon drink
DIY ON MY BLOG
Michelle
June 19, 2013
These look as delicious as they do beautiful in the containers. Perfect for summertime!!
Meg
June 19, 2013
Going to try the ginger lemonade. YUM!!!
Becky Loose From The Zoo
June 19, 2013
oh my goodness yum! what an easy gourmet treat for the warm weather!
<3becky
Michelle @ Fully Belly, Worn Soles
June 19, 2013
These look amazing! The glass dispensers are to die for!
Lisa
June 19, 2013
I can’t wait to try these…especially the watermelon version.
I noticed that some of the reviews on the dispenser report leaking. Did you have that issue?
Thanks!
Only if the nozzle isn’t turned all the way off. Otherwise, it’s worked great for me!
Anne
June 19, 2013
The glass dispensers are beautiful!
Roderick
June 19, 2013
I live in Costa Rica, we add a small amount of cloves to our ginger lemonade(Limonda Jenjibre)!!! Refreshing on hot days.
Sounds amazing!
Lisette Wolter-McKinley
June 19, 2013
I love the natural colors of the blueberry and watermelon lemonades. Must try these for my ice cream social.
Marjorie
June 19, 2013
Those are so lovely, and the color is so vibrant! I’m tempted to try this. Now I’m even more inspired to get my outdoor patio set…
Also, those containers are wonderful. I’ve never seen one with a cork top. Thank you for providing the source!
maggie
June 19, 2013
The ginger lemonade looks AMAZING! Going to have to try it!
Marlene
June 19, 2013
Can’t wait to try these! They sure look refreshing!
@Marjorie, @Jordan: Where can I find these or similar dispensers? and what’s a good price for dispensers? Thanks!
Marlene
June 19, 2013
nevermind – sorry I got for the photos first
read the source! thanks so much for including it!
YOLONDA
June 19, 2013
The Watermelon Mint seems like the one to try!
Kate
June 19, 2013
These are great! I love the recipes and those dispensers are so pretty. I love this post. Thanks for sharing.
EllenQ
June 19, 2013
These look delicious. I’ve been looking for fun lemonade recipes for our wedding and I can’t wait to test these out!
jess
June 19, 2013
Oh my goodness! I cannot wait to try this out. I am always looking for tasty lemonade recipes.
Thanks for posting!
marcelleblog.com
Tasneem
June 19, 2013
I saw your post on these on IG and hopped right over in hopes of recipes. I am so glad you posted these…definitely going to try them out soon.
Tanya
June 19, 2013
Thank you for posting this! I’m hosting my first ever party next week (egad, I’m 34 and have never hostessed!) and have been wracking my brain for a non-alcoholic option. And then your post – voila! Thank you!
Kayleigh | Notes of Inspires
June 19, 2013
I love those glass dispensers and Andrea did a fabulous job with her lemonades! They all sound wonderful, but I think I would particularly like to try the blueberry lavender!
Karen l
June 19, 2013
Ok these all sound fabulous – but – one tiny question. In the directions, you call for 6 cups of water and ice – is that 6 cups of water and 6 cups of ice, of 6 cups of ice and water together?
Thanks!!
6 cups of water, 6 cups of ice.
Claudia
June 20, 2013
OMG I <3 it!
And I want these glass dispensers too!
El Cajón de las Especias
June 20, 2013
They are a wonderful lemonade!
The colors, the ideas … great!!
Thanks for sharing!
‘Spicy’ greetings
Monika Jones
June 20, 2013
Yummy! They look really delicious and refreshing! Can’t wait to try!
Chocho
June 20, 2013
The blueberry lemonade looks so good!
Moniszka
June 26, 2013
Oh, yummy! Lemonade is the best drink when temperature is to high
Your lemonades look pretty! All three
Tamsen
June 26, 2013
These are lovely!! I can’t wait to recreate the for my Birthday BBQ! also not to be annoying but Lemonade is spelled lemondade in the first photo
seriously when is photoshop going to add a spell checker!?!While I had my best showing ever for whitetails this fall, my girlfriend Carol was disappointed that her first foray into deer hunting didn’t lead to any venison. (Not that we really needed any more after the 74 pounds that I put in the freezer.)
Her disappointment was short-lived, however, as she did score another milestone Monday…her first pheasant. In fact it was her first wild game of any sort.
With deer season wrapped up, we returned to northern Chemung County where I put several ringnecks in the bag earlier this fall. Of course my dog Malibu was thrilled to be back in action again, but after more than an hour of hunting, our only action was a rabbit which made only a brief appearance.
I volunteered to brave a briar-choked creek bottom where I know pheasants go when they are pressured, while Carol walked along the edge of a field above. I was hoping if I couldn’t get a shot, maybe I would push something her way.
Malibu acted birdy as we wound our way along the narrow creek, and I expected a flush at any moment. What I heard instead was the blast of Carol’s 20-gauge.
A few moments later, she yelled down that she had spotted a pheasant and shot it. I worked my way back up to her location in the field as fast as I could, no small task given the jungle of brush and vine tangles I had to plow through.
Sure enough, a small but handsome pheasant rooster was sprawled on the ground, and a breathless but happy huntress stood nearby.
It took me until my third season to get my first pheasant. Obviously Carol had a good teacher.
No related posts.
Wow she didn’t need an assualt rifle….and 30 rd. mags…. that she can be proud of…. Tell us JEFF are you an Advocate for the use of Weapons of Mass Murder???and the Need for extender Magazines especially when you go hunt wildlife????
I didn’t want to get embroiled in this discussion because I was too busy grieving for the families that have been shattered, but since you ask, what I do believe is that people who are blaming guns are looking in the wrong place. The gun, no matter what kind of gun, was just a tool. Anyone that determined to cause death and destruction without regard to his own life would have found a way to do it. You can’t legislate evil out of existence. I don’t particularly need that kind of weapon for hunting, nor do I use a variety of other weapons that are legal, but if a law-abiding citizen who doesn’t have a criminal record or history of mental illness wants to own one, I have no problem with that. I think if someone commits a crime with a gun, they should be prosecuted vigorously, but I wouldn’t want to leave it in the hands of bureaucrats to decide what kinds of guns we should or shouldn’t be allowed to have. Again, banning certain types of weapons isn’t addressing the root problem.Kings Rookie Jones Blanks Oilers, 3-0
Alec Martinez #27 of the Los Angeles Kings intercepts a pass to Boyd Gordon #27 of the Edmonton Oilers in front of Martin Jones #31 during the third period at Staples Center on December 17, 2013 in Los Angeles, California. The Kings won 3) — Martin. ribs.
(© Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)Margaret Bane to Donald Trundle, $210,000, Martinsburg
Ashton Prime Properties LLC to Linda Roach, $84,000, Hedgesville
Victor Vannoy to Kaitlin Lear, $100,000, Falling Waters
Dan Ryan Builders Inc. to Steve Jack, $143,990, Opequon
Shawn Haines to Ryan Driggers, $255,000, Falling Waters
NVR Inc. to Dennis Peterson, $181,625, Falling Waters
Betty Ferguson to Sharon Jones, $135,000, Hedgesville
Donna Curran to Dannalyn Kriss, $130,000, Hedgesville
Juanita Trenary estate to Sherri Helms, $190,000, Mill Creek
Lucinda Davis to Timothy Thomas, $140,000, Opequon
Arcadia Communities Inc. 201 to Benjamin Bray, $193,905, Arden
Cory Ferguson to Patrick Rinard, $360,000, Opequon
Gary Saunders to Michael Cavey, $150,000, Falling Waters
Top Dollar Investments LLC to Brenda Hough, $104,000, Martinsburg
Douglas Welty to Shirley Miller, $192,500, Falling Waters
Robert Johnson to Rachel Kessler, $105,000, Opequon
Bank of New York Mellon FKA to Allen Kees, $140,000, Mill Creek
Evergreen Motors Inc. to Troxler Enterprises LLC, $335,000, Opequon
Roger Dugan Jr., by Attorney in Fact to Jessica Nelson, $150,000, Hedgesville
Stoney Ridge LLC to Four Points Construction Inc., $30,000, Mill Creek
Four Points Construction Inc. to Shalon Hickle, $212,500, Mill Creek
Jonathon Lamon to Alphonso Wilkins, $125,000, Martinsburg
Tim Beach to John Colea, $30,000, Hedgesville
William Boyd to Thomas Sanchez, $195,000, Arden
Wells Fargo Bank N.A. to Angelo Torres, $240,000, Arden
Lee Erickson to United States of America, $220,532.08, Arden
Diane Johns to Christine Motilal, $119,900, Falling Waters
Gerald Shafer to Debra Brannon, $255,000, Mill Creek
Marvin Michael to Sytil Murphy, $138,000, Arden
Larry Ashton to Anthony Williams, $1,000, Gerrardstown
Mark Kennelly to Arin Meinschein, $300,000, Falling Waters
U.S. Bank National Association to Brett Twigg, $176,799, Arden
Chad Rhodes to Timothy Catlett, $18,000, Hedgesville
Bank of Charles Town to Charles Adkins, $47,800, Hedgesville
Erin McGeever to Abraham Ashton, $75,000, Martinsburg
Bank of Charles Town to Lina Sevillano, $29,000, Hedgesville
Sheila Miller to Blaine Smiley, $589,800, Martinsburg
James Hayden to Sheri Selby, $250,000, Falling Waters
Thomas Wood to David McWilliams Jr., $219,000, Martinsburg
Kevin Epperson to Eric Swilley, $359,900, Opequon
Arcadia Communities Inc. to Rouvier Johnson, $169,900, Arden
D&D Land Company to Timothy Smith, $55,000, Hedgesville
Mark Lineberg to Jacqueline Dailey, $170,000, Martinsburg
Richard Pill Sub. Tr. to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., $48,450, Mill Creek
Teays Valley Trustees, LLC Tr. to Bank of America, N.A., $54,600, Arden
Dewey A. Whitmore Contracting LLC to Gerda Collins, $158,000, Hedgesville
Erick Hess to Jasper Esmalla, $135,000, Arden
First United Bank & Trust to S&A Homes Inc., $7,500, Hedgesville
Nicholas Robinson to Matthew Shrewsbury, $295,000, Arden
Under Construction LLC to David Weatherholt, $139,900, Arden
Karen Ash to Billy Barrett, $18,000, Arden
Madison Rentals LLC to Monica Foster, $124,900, Mill Creek
Hereford & Riccardi, PLLC Tr. to Huntington National Bank, $312,833.34, Hedgesville
Dan Ryan Builders Inc. to Yan Huang, $102,000, Martinsburg
William Carey to Elizabeth Wheeler, $40,000, Martinsburg
Dan Ryan Builders Inc. to Joseph Kreller, $225,000, Hedgesville
Karen Ash to Jacob Dunham, $60,000, Hedgesville
Spaur & Spaur Holdings LLC to D&D Land Company Inc., $59,900, Falling Waters
Sherman Land Holdings LLC to Barron Homes of West Virginia Inc., $15,000, Opequon
Seneca Trustees Inc. to Top Dollar Investments LLC, $88,457, Mill Creek
Barron Homes of West Virginia Inc. to Noah Mathis, $144,850, Opequon
Seneca Trustees Inc. Sub. Tr. to Lou Ann Spaur, $45,241, Mill Creek
Golden & Amos PLLC Tr. to Top Dollar Investments LLC, $65,451, Hedgesville
Rick Lloyd to Wallace Wasielak, $140,000, Mill Creek
Annie Pare to Alex Sullivan, $8,000, Falling Waters
Albert Morton Tr. to James McNabb, $96,000, Hedgesville
Timothy Smith to Ricky Shawyer, $10,000, Gerrardstown
Panhandle Homes of Berkeley County Inc. to NVR Inc., $68,000, Falling Waters
David R. Dill Concrete Inc. to Sylvia Nimphius, $149,900, Arden
NVR Inc. to Sean Henson, $157,050, Falling Waters
M&D Investment Group LLC to James Fahrion, $245,000, Hedgesville
Seneca Trustees Inc. to M&T Bank, $142,971.41, Opequon
NVR Inc. to Justin Morgan, $122,165, Falling Waters
R. Scott Summers Sub. Tr. to United Bank Inc., $835,476.21, Arden
Taylor Bean & Whitaker to Jeffrey Stoddard, $50,000, Martinsburg
Charles Griffith Tr. to Gary Hall, $125,000, Hedgesville
Robert Shirley to Daniel Noll, $20,000, Hedgesville
Taylor Bean & Whitaker REO to Jeffrey Stoddard, $50,000, Martinsburg
Brian Bowen to Cory McKee, $138,500, Falling Waters
Troy Costas to Timothy Forrest, $6,000, Falling Waters
Lisa Costas to Timothy Forrest, $6,000 Falling Waters
Shawn Minko to Rex Largent, $25,000, Falling Waters
Richard Pill Sub. Tr. to Charwood LLC, $240,000, Arden
Edward Talley to Timothy Sencindiver, $32,000, Gerrardstown
Teays Valley Trustees LLC to Citimortgage Inc., $99,000, Martinsburg
Citimortgage Inc. to Thomas Estrin, $107,000, Martinsburg
Tiffanie Nelson to Erica Malatt, $100,000, Mill Creek
Roger Ramey to Garry Hayes, $76,500, Arden
Jeffery Gould to James Haddock Jr., $138,000, Opequon
Paul Wilt to Trevor Hess, $169,000, Hedgesville
Charles Day to Lindsey Primm, $129,900, Opequon
Edgar Bohrer Jr. to Andrew Kaminski, $209,900, Hedgesville
Eric Barron to Adrian McMiller, $180,000, Mill Creek
Gary Rosen Chapter 11 Tr. to HAF Real Estate West LLC, $4,005,000, Martinsburg
City National Bank of West Virginia to Dewey A. Whitmore Contracting LLC, $35,000, Hedgesville
Anthony Kim to Stephen Garcia, $145,000, Hedgesville
James Gigeous to Neal Hughes, $94,000, Opequon
National Guard Youth Foundation to Mims LLC, $55,000, Arden
207 W. King Street , Martinsburg, WV 25402-0807 | 304-263-8931
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyPower Demand From US Homes Expected To Fall For a Decade 261
We hear all the time that household energy consumption is rising, both in the U.S. and around the world. That's been true in the big picture for several decades at least, but reader captainkoloth, with his first accepted submission, points to an Associated Press article with some encouraging news on this front: the rate of growth in U.S. household energy use, and household energy use itself, is expected to decline slightly over the next 10 years. Take it for what you will, but that conclusion is drawn by the Electric Power Research Institute, "a nonprofit group funded by the utility industry."
Not a huge surprise (Score:5, Insightful)
Re:Not a huge surprise (Score:5, Interesting)
Re:Not a huge surprise (Score:5, Interesting)
Not only does it not harm the economy, it helps us all save money because we're paying for less energy, and we're paying less per unit of energy because demand is lower.
Maybe in California, but some parts of the country have seen almost [ksdk.com] yearly [stltoday.com] rate increases [linncountyleader.com], so cutting your energy usage by 30% doesn't help much when they raise rates 30%.
Re: (Score:2, Insightful)
I wonder if this 'report' takes into account all these sexy new electric/hybrid vehicles that are going to save Earth from greenhouse gases.
Re: (Score:3)
Re: (Score:3)
cutting your energy usage by 30% doesn't help much when they raise rates 30%.
You were paying:
[reference power usage in kWh] * [kWh rate]
If your usage is reduced by 30% and the rate raised by 30%, you're now paying:
[reference power usage in kWh] * (1-0.3) * [kWh rate] * (1+0.3) = 0.91 * [reference power usage in kW] * [kWh rate]
See ? It helped by 9%
:)
Re: (Score:3, Informative)
I'm positive the exact opposite will occur. Again using California as an example, examine their water conservation efforts. First, water utilities actually raised their rates in order to promote "conservation" [latimes.com] (making water unaffordable is not the same as conservation). Then, as the economy tanked AND usage dropped, water utilities raised rates in order to offset decreased revenues [nctimes.com].
I'm all for conservation, but with union strangleholds on these industries, the government in bed with the unions, all on to
Re: (Score:2)
Yeah, its almost like there are human haters out there ??? [wikipedia.org] [zombietime.com] [wikipedia.org]
Re: (Score:2)
It won't save money, because the utility companies will just raise rates to compensate for falling revenue.
Supply and demand prevents this from happening without someone gaming the system (which is illegal but did happen in CA 10 years ago).
Re:Not a huge surprise (Score:5, Insightful)
Re:Not a huge surprise (Score:4, Insightful)
Re:Not a huge surprise (Score:4, Insightful)
There are minimum expenses, you have to have towers sufficient for at least one transmission line pretty much no matter how little your consumption. But, if you halved the power consumption you should be able to at least cut the transmission capacity by a third, if not a full half. And every line you run has to be maintained and every bit of capacity has to be paid for by somebody.
Ultimately, it tends to be better to have the utilities owned by the local government than a for profit entity because any "profits" can at least be sure of going back into the infrastructure. That's how it's been around here for ages and our price and quality is quite good. Price isn't entirely fair because we do have hydroelectric dams to provide power, but even as we've demolished them the price has still remained lower than most other parts of the country.
The thing which really hurt us was when Enron cheater our utilities out of that money when they went under.
Re: (Score:3)
For residential, a local power company is pretty easy to make work. For light commercial, you can pull it off. Very few utilities have been successful at balancing the residential/light commercial needs against industrial users. The utility companies become just like the government though; trying to enlarge fiefdoms to make it look like they are doing more. LADWP was once a very well run utility, but now they are worse than SCE. Not sure how Silicon Valley Power compares these days, but they used to fa
Re: (Score:3)
Ultimately, it tends to be better to have the utilities owned by the local government than a for profit entity because any "profits" can at least be sure of going back into the infrastructure.
[...]
The thing which really hurt us was when Enron cheater our utilities out of that money when they went under.
The California government was another party to the Enron market manipulation. They created the deeply flawed market rules that led to the California "energy crisis". Then the California government sheltered tens of millions of electricity consumers from the costs of their actions. There seems to be some evidence that Enron bribed the California governor at the time to get that outcome.
So it's interesting that your example contains government involvement in destruction of electricity infrastructure.
Re:Not a huge surprise (Score:5, Informative)
Now if we could just find a way to get rid of (most) fractional horsepower motors.
Make that fixed speed, single phase fractional horsepower motors. Three phase motors are more efficient. And even more system efficiencies can be squeezed out by varying motor speed to match the mechanical load.
As power semiconductor prices come down, small variable frequency drives (VFD) will become common. These take single phase input and produce variable frequency, multiple phase outputs for a motor and provide power factor correction and other efficiency improving functions as well.
Re: (Score:2, Interesting)
VFD's are the cats meow, but too expensive and complicated for most applications.
PFC's are becoming insanely popular though, especially in heating and air. anything with 90+ AFU in a furnace will have at least a pfc motor, and the really high end stuff (98+AFU) has continuously variable VFD's for the blower motors. the problem with these motors is that they are MUCH more sensitive to power spikes. after replacing my pfc blower motor for the second time i wised up and put a whole house MOV in the electical p
Re: (Score:3)
You do know that most active PFC controllers don't differ significantly from VFDs. Basically, both are a bridge rectifier (sometimes synchronous), a DC link and an inverter stage. The difference between PFC and VFD functions is one of a few algorithms embedded in the driver chips.
The 'expensive' VFDs you refer to are stand alone controllers designed to be adapted to numerous different applications in the field. But when integrated into high production volumes of consumer goods, they can be optimized and th
Re: (Score:2)
VFDs for fractional horsepower motors are cost-effective today. EC motors are another option with generally better efficiency.
Re:Not a huge surprise (Score:5, Interesting)
Fractional HP motors are not the problem. Bad motors are a problem. Case in point, the circulation pump on a solar installation used a 1/10th HP pump. The pump drew about 300 watts or about the energy of 1/2 hp. The pump was replaced with a DC brushless motor. A single 60 watt PE panel was placed on the roof. Now when the sun shines on the collector the pump runs. This eliminated the differential thermostat controller and 3/4 of the power use to circulate the water. It removed 100% of the need for utility power to run the pump.
The move was made for two reasons. One was power efficiency. The other was for reliability. The old system would boil over in a power outage. The new one is unaffected by power outages.
Re: (Score:3)
Re: (Score:2).
If by 'burn' you mean transmission losses then yes. If you mean 'burn' as in they have to actually produce 60W to run a 20W CFL then no, power factor does not work that way.
Power factor comes from the fact that CFLs are not a purely resistive load. But energy stored in a capacitor or inductor is not lost. It is returned to the grid. Your utility does need extra equipment to manage apparent vs real power and make their distribution more efficient (mostly eliminating the one downside of low power factor, but that's as far as it goes (and they already have this equipment).
Power factor as a negative of CFLs is a complete red herring, and whoever told you it was a big deal was taking advantage of you in order to slander a fine energy-saving technology. In reality all you can say is that there advantage over incandescents is slightly less great.
Re:Not a huge surprise (Score:5, Informative)
Returned to the grid arbitrarily out of phase, which requires utility companies to employ large PFC installations and / or take the hit with extra generating capacity.
Only to compensate for the extra line loss! Which is important, but small compared to the real power consumed. You can measure watts produced at a generator, volt-amps in the load, and power in the load and see that the power produced by the generator is only slightly more than the real power consumed by the load. Implying that it is more, that CFLs don't save power and use the full volt-amps worth of power even with 0 PFC is pure ignorant bullshit FUD.
But they do have PFC installed.
Suggesting that widespread adoption of low power factor equipment is a non-issue is just another attempt at green-washing with bullshit.
We're just talking about low-power usage lighting when the PF for the home will be dominated by HVAC and large appliances. Acting like the claim that PF is a red herring for CFLs is the same as saying it's a non-issue if your whole house was running a low PF is just a bullshit way to cover for you getting called out on your flagrant ignorance.
Re: (Score:3)
A capacitor isn't a short, and where do you think the energy goes in this situation with no real power consumed?
Re: (Score:3)
CFL power factor depends on the quality of the ballast. Right now the issue is unimportant because the impact of CFL on the overall residential power factor is negligible. However as (if) CFL adoption starts to impact this expect Energy Star to start including power factor in their assessments.. Add to that the fact that they are essentially an attempt to cram a LPMV lamp into a really awkward form factor (because for some reason having a strip light in the living room is unthinkable, but having it as a point source and then wrapping a shade round it to diffuse the light is fine) subjectively poor spectrum, mercury content (I know it's not a lot, but if I cant have lead in my solder you can't have mercury in your bulbs) and poor performance in cold weather they are a really a bad solution to an already solved problem.
While it's true that CFL's can have bad power factors, it's not quite as bad for the power companies as it sounds.
First, regardless of the PF, a 20W CFL uses 20W of energy, the power company doesn't have to burn 60W of coal to feed your
.3 PF 20W bulb - they only burn 20W of coal.
It is true that they have higher current draw from a CFL due to the 60VA apparent load, but that doesn't really matter since for most homes, lighting energy is dwarfed by other uses, so the power infrastructure to your home is sized to handle your 3000W oven heating element and 7000W tankless water heater. Granted, the low PF can lead to higher resistive losses in wiring, but not nearly enough to erase the gain in efficiency by moving from incandescent to CFL's.
Large commercial installations with hundreds or thousands of lamps do take the power factor into account and size the electrical infrastructure accordingly. Those that are billed by power factor can use power factor correction to correct the power factor (or use high PF lamps), and still save money due to the efficiency of CFL's. Labor costs alone in reduced bulb replacement make CFL's a good deal for business with a lot of lights.
Poor power factors are nothing new - many newer computer power supplies have built-in PFC to give them a decent PF, but older power supplies could dip to around
.6.
Re: (Score:2)
My own personal beef with CFL's is that they don't work properly with normal dimmer switches.
While you can get dimmer switches that are especially made for using with CFL's, this can be problematic if the physical switch style you were using before is not that standard, because then you have to replace the cover plate as well, which in turn can necessitate getting new outlets and cover plates for all the electrical connections in the room where they were already matched, and in some cases can even invol
Re:Not a huge surprise (Score:4, Insightful)
I grew up pushing a manual lawnmower every week during summer. It worked just great.
Re: (Score:2)
A two stroke!
But you will get mine when you pull if from my cold dead fingers.
Re: (Score:2)
I get your point though. Too many people will give
Re: (Score:3)
They are encouraging first time submitters. There has been a dearth of timely submissions lately. I'm for it. A bunch of the most prolific submitters like "twitter" have been harassed away, and somebody's got to submit this stuff.
I wonder if declining power requirements of homes have anything to do with declining power needs of computers, the migration to LCD TVs, proliferation of heat pumps and so on - or if it's just a tough economy finally driving folks to adjust the thermostat.
Re: (Score:3, Interesting)
Probably true (Score:5, Insightful)
If you can't afford to pay the light bill, your electricity consumption is going to decrease sharply.
Re: (Score:3)
That was my first thought as well. I wonder how the housing market would correlate to electricity demand? But it would seem that more empty houses would = a decrease in demand, to me. I bet shipping all our manufacturing overseas cuts demand, as well.
But seriously, if your money is tight and there is no sign of a raise in site, the only way to free up money is to cut your bills. If are hovering around minimum wage, you could almost have the choice of an air conditioner or using fan, and being able to afford
That should be a problem in the US... (Score:2)
This summer, I was on vacation in California/Nevada/etc. basically driving from hotel to hotel... And oh the horrors we saw (energy wise), every single room had it's own air conditioning, but then again I suppose central systems are for communists, right
Many places they were also "bright" enough to put the fridge in a closet without ventilation holes, granted I couldn
Re: (Score:2)
It's BOTH the economy and more efficient products -- but MOSTLY it's the recession.
Consumers aren't the ONLY ones using electricity. However -- why is the COST not going down?
I'll answer that with a RELATED bit of information I came across;
3 Years ago, the amount of refined oil products (like gas and plastics) that was imported was about 3 Billion barrels per day. Now, we export about 1/2 Billion barrels of Gas per day.
The real value of the dollar, the decreasing usage of transportation (as people DON'T go
Re: (Score:3)
You are correct that when the cost of energy rises and ways to conserve become affordable as a result, more investment in energy savings will be made.
I now have a HE washing machine. Almost all incandescent lamps have been replaced with either CF or LED, A PE installation is slowly growing as the cost per watt drops. Insulation has been added. Wall warts are replaced with switch mode instead of transformer type, and I moved to a better insulated home. Sold my old house in the housing bubble to upgrade
Re: (Score:2)
Lights these days should not the major energy expense anymore. I have a fairly large house and all-in-all less than 1kW of lights (LED's and CFL's combined, LED's in areas that are often lit, CFL's in places where nobody ever comes like storage rooms).
My biggest expense ($25/month total) is my computer habit and air conditioning. But air conditioning will get cheaper as I got a 220V system that can single-handedly cool most of the house. The previous 110V systems combined used 1.5x the energy for 75% of the
Headline is wrong then (Score:3)
Power demand is not falling, increase in power demand is falling. Or is it increase in the speed of increase in power demand? Some derivative, anyway.
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:3)
Of course, this is trusting the AP article to have accurately reported the information, which is probably unrealis
Re:Headline is wrong then (Score:5, Informative)
Both are right. The rate of demand increase is falling and is expected to go negative in a few years. From the article:
The article is actually pretty detailed and quantitative (at least for the AP). It lists the big drivers as being more efficient lighting and appliances, federal and state efficiency subsidies, and people trying to save money. Over the next couple decades they're projecting ~20-25% reduction in appliance energy use and ~50% reduction in lighting energy use.
Re: (Score:2)
#1 is probably refrigerators. They've increased tremendously in efficiency. #2 is probably air conditioners, same reason (but they are replaced less oft
How to Lie with Statististics (Score:5, Insightful)
The 2 represents a doubling of the sum so far (200%). Now the sum is 3, so the 3 represents a 100% increase. Now the sum is 6, so the 4 represents a 67% increase. Now the sum is 10, so the 5 represents a 50% increase. Now the sum is 15, so the 6 represents a 40% increase. And so on.
Now suppose that these numbers represent electricity usage. Although usage is monotonically increasing, the rate of growth is monotonically decreasing. Other commenters have pointed out that "TFA" says actual usage will go down. But you were right to be concerned. If actual usage is expected to go down, why didn't they say that? Why did they say that the rate of growth is expected to go down?? That phrase is a major red flag to identify someone who's trying to lie with statistics.
Case in point: government spending. (Score:2)
This same trick is what was just pulled in the latest budget agreement between Rebuplicans and Democrats. Their vaunted "decrease in spending" is actually an overall increase: the b
Re: (Score:2)
Obviously (Score:3, Informative)
US energy consumption is falling [typepad.com] even where it concerns oil, that's due to the inflation and thus higher prices in dollar amounts, though measured in gold, the oil is cheapest in history.
September 2009 â" Current (US Population 307,006,550)
Total input to refineries 14,600,000 Barrels per day
Total Imported Crude and products 11,721,000 Barrels per day
Total Imported Crude 9,223,000 Barrels per day
Total Domestic Oil Production 5,444,000 Barrels per day
Gasoline Consumed 8,779,000 Barrels per day
Diesel Fuel Consumed 4,099,000 Barrels per day
September 2004 - 5 years ago (US Population 293,045,739)
Registered vehicles: 243,010,539 Passenger Cars: 136,430,651 Comm Aircraft: 8,186
Total input to refineries 15,254,000 Barrels per day
Total Imported Crude and products 13,438,000 Barrels per day
Total Imported Crude 9,697,000 Barrels per day
Total Domestic Oil Production 5,062,000 Barrels per day
Gasoline Consumed 7,993,000 Barrels per day
Diesel Fuel Consumed
Also here is a graph [realitybase.org] of per-capita consumption.
It's not a surprise that energy consumption is falling in USA, as the population has less and less that it can spend because less and less is produced domestically. Same thing that is applied to oil can be extrapolated to all other forms of energy.
Re: (Score:2)
Re:Obviously (Score:5, Interesting)
Of-course, this is consistent with the depression that US and many other Western nations are in.
Depression is huge loss of production capacity - too few people have meaningful goods producing jobs in the market. The way USA is dealing with the loss of production is by abusing the status of its reserve currency, so it's printing dollars to buy consumer goods and the producers also vendor financing this spending.
So there are fewer and fewer jobs, the production capacity is going down (53Billion USD/month trade deficit), the debt is growing because government spending is constantly increasing in absolute numbers. The so called main stream 'economists' are saying that commodity prices do not matter because consumers are not buying commodities, this is completely dismissing the fact that somebody must buy the commodities to build all those consumer goods. Gold is going up only relative to the destroyed currency. Silver is almost a monetary metal itself, and Apple is selling not only in USA (which has no real purchasing power left since it has almost no production capacity left), but it's selling world wide. Of-course at some point the government will come after all of these American companies that are still making money abroad, saying that they must pay more for 'fairness' sake and will force them to liquidate various assets and to pay gigantic taxes on what will be called their "windfall" profits.
Money destruction [slashdot.org] is the same reason HFT [slashdot.org] is up, and bogus government "Job Acts [slashdot.org]" will only worsen the situation, while the crowd will be calling for various misplaced [slashdot.org] solutions that come out of general misunderstanding of what is happening.
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
Why don't you read what I linked to on this very issue - my journal [slashdot.org], if you wanted to get your question answered? I have enough [slashdot.org] comments here explaining all of these problems in detail.
Debt is not the cause of recession, debt is a consequence of the broken fiscal policy, which allows government to counterfeit currency. Currency counterfeiting combined with business regulations (and here is what a business regulation looks like [slashdot.org],) combined with taxation of work and with subsidies to preferred monopolies, al
Re: (Score:2)
Printer Ink - More valuable then Gold
Re: (Score:2)
measured in gold, the oil is cheapest in history
Nope. Not even close.
The gold-oil ratio is 1855.40/87.01= approx. 21.3. Visit [slashdot.org] and scroll down to the gold-oil ratio chart.
Re: (Score:2)
No, you're wrong. ZING!
Total use also includes efficiency. If total use of home heating oil is down, it MAY be due to people keeping their houses not as hot in the winter, or using less hot water. It MAY ALSO be due to people replacing their old oil furnaces and water heaters -- but not decreasing their usage of those devices.
IN REALITY.. it's probably a combination of the two.
I mean, damn. If I start using half as much gas as I used to, it is not absolutely because I am driving half as much as I used
Re: (Score:2)
I'm not even talking about hybrids. You would know if I'm talking about hybrids by the spittle on my mouth -- fucking abominations for dull minds unable to grasp the costs of constructing a thing and the costs of getting rid of a thing.
All cars are becoming more efficient. More horsepower from smaller engines that use less fuel to get a set distance.
Not everyone can buy a new car, and not everyone can afford any car, but enough people are moving from 198x models to 199x models or 20xx models that overall
Re: (Score:2)
Nope! I'm not saying that.
*YOU*, however, were saying that it was *entirely* based on reduced usage. That cannot possibly be true.
I was, and am, simply pointing out other factors that *DO* decrease overall consumption without any decrease in usage.
Both things, as well as I'm sure other factors I have failed to realize yet, have had an impact on overall consumption. Off the top of my head, at least in my area the past few winters have been relatively mild (w/r/t temperature, not precipitation).
Oh, funny t
Re: (Score:2)
No, I won't click it -- because I agree. That is certainly a factor. It's probably the largest single factor, too.. but it's not the only one.
I also had to replace my furnace 2 years ago because the old one quit. At the same time, two of my mom's co-workers were doing the same. A friend had the year previous. A neighbor needs to soon, but is setting money aside for now since it's not immediately necessary.
No one did it because they "could", they only did it because they "had to". Same reason people r
LED TV, New Refrigerator, New Furnace (Score:2, Informative)
We've replaced the broken tube TVs with LCD and now LED TVs. The old refrigerator broke and the new one laps it terms of efficiency. And the new furnace is better than the old one.
These things alone took our bills down 30-40%.
Add some switchable powerstrips for all the phantom draws of those power supplies and it gets even better.
Industry group or not, my experience jibes with their report.
Not overly surprising (Score:2)
There's been a big push for more energy efficiency in the corporate/business sector. This stuff tends to trickle down to the consumer level after a bit, so that's what we're seeing here.
Use of devices is probably increasing, but said devices use a fraction of the power they did even a decade ago, so it makes sense that overall consumption per household would fall.
Think about it; how many of you have washers that are 5 years or older? 10? My washer and drier are over 20 years old. I plan on replacing the
Efficiency is only part of the equation (Score:5, Insightful)
As such, as more people live in the same household per capita energy consumption tends to fall as there are more "economies of scale" in things like refrigeration and heating/cooling.....
Whether or not this will be a long term trend like it is in Italy and Japan still remains a question and is critical to long term residential energy consumption estimates.
Title is misleading (Score:2)
Slashdot's title says the power demand will fall; TFA says the rate of increase will fall, i.e. it'll still go up but more slowly. Please fix.
Parent post is misleading (Score:2)
Assuming they're talking about the "growth rate" declining, in 4 years of 0.5% decline, the growth rate will be 0%, and the remaining 6 years will be negative.
It could far less for more if they would only try (Score:3)
My Georgia electric bill for June to July was 130, for July to August it was 134. I live in an area zoned for tiered rates, meaning as your usage goes up you pay a lot more. All my lights are either CFL (where they aren't easily noticed) or now LED. There are some good deals on packs of three LED bulbs. The only place without either bulb is the master bathroom because we can't find anything acceptable to replace the clear six inch globes. Suggestions are appreciated on that matter. So we simply have half them off unscrewed enough to not light; those above "my" sink. Common electronics in the house include one iMac and a laptop. Throw in a DLP television and a 32 LED in the exercise area and finally a hot water heater. The reason I posted our monthly electric bills, the house is 3900 square feet.
How is it done, well being militant with the heating and AC helps a lot. Since no one is upstairs after 7 the AC goes up to 82+, it is only below 82 from 8PM to 7AM and then its 75 (a slight cave in but hell who cares). The downstairs is 78 during the day mostly because of pets but goes to 82+ at night though it rarely heats up. Ceiling fans grace every room. Laundry and loads of dishes are done as full loads only. Modern dishwashers are more efficient than washing by hand in most cases. Modern washers (both are less than five years old) are the same. Oh, watch the lights. Its not hard to teach turning out the light when your not in the room (though it can lead to some silliness - as in its ONLY YOU in there"). Toss in a light colored shingles and that might help a bit. I would try white as a story mentioned years ago but HOAs are the law in these parts. Outside the only control I have over the elements was planting Chinese Thuja (very fast growing conical pines) to the S/SW to block direct summer sunlight in evening. Even the orientation of the home benefits, most windows are on the North side.
While I doubt every thing we do would work for most, it works for us. Make it a game. That can get everyone on board. That and have something tangible as reward to do with the savings. Like trips, hell even pizza nights paid for being smart work.
Re: (Score:2)
Make it a game. That can get everyone on board. That and have something tangible as reward to do with the savings. Like trips, hell even pizza nights paid for being smart work.
Not a bad idea to do the reward thing. We do most of what you talk about. Where I live we have SmartMeters, but they have not yet given access to the data to customers yet. However, I now work for the local utility and can get my usage after I VPN to work and access the AMI system to see hourly usage.
Once they roll out customer access to the hourly usage then billing will be switching to Time of Use (ToU) billing as well. The irrigation/power utility is a not-for-profit, so the goal isn't to gauge custom
Re: (Score:2)
If you can, replace the light fixture with one that allows for more directional lights (spot lights). There are some globe LED's but they're not as good. I use CFL's there as well.
Hot water heater on electricity? Unless you live in Europe or you generate your own electricity, it's going to be more expensive. You can get one of those more expensive electric water heaters (or add-ons) that use the hot air in your house to heat the water.
As far as the lights go, I put our outside lights on X10 as well as most
Growth falling is not consumption falling . That does not mean absolute power usage is going down. That won't happen until total growth is NEGATIVE.
I am quite sure many people are misreading this to mean it is a reduction in energy use, which it
Re: .
No, I'm pretty sure "demand is expected to decline by about 0.5 percent a year" means just that. A decline in demand is negative growth in demand (demand meaning the actual amount of power people draw from the system in a given period of time, not the increase in that amount).
Also from TFA:
Over the next decade, experts expect residential power use to fall, reversing an upward trend that has been almost uninterrupted since Thomas Edison invented the modern light bulb.
Surely when an upward trend in residential power use is reversed, it becomes a downward trend, not just a trend going upwards a little more slowly?
Re: (Score:2)
Yes, it is possible. Of course, anything could happen. But for now it is just slowed growth.
I do think that with better lighting options, better insulation, better efficiency with appliances, higher energy costs, it only makes sense that eventually the average consumption will go down.
Not sure about TOTAL consumption, though. Unfortunately, population continues to increase, which will mean more people having more appliances, more houses, more cars, more of everything. Especially true when you look at to
Re: (Score:2)
Growth has slowed to 2% already, and is expected to hit a negative value such that total demand will decline 0.5% per year.
Not terribly surprising, given many trends... (Score:2)
The population growth just isn't keeping up with the increases in efficiency that are popping up everywhere.
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
Story Title Is Wrong (and Stupid) (Score:2)
When the rate of growth of a value declines, that value doesn't fall. It continues to rise. When the rate declines slightly, it continues to rise nearly as fast as it did before. It doesn't fall.
How stupid are the people writing these headlines? These are the people
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
the rate of growth [...] is expected to decline slightly over the next 10 years.
Yeah! Classic use of selective editing! The statement in the summary is actually:
the rate of growth in U.S. household energy use, and household energy use itself, is expected to decline slightly over the next 10 years
Since you're so smart I don't have to explain that this means that first the rate of growth will decline but remain positive, then become negative, causing the value to fall. As described in TFA.
But really, props, that was classic.
Legalizing pot would bring it down too (Score:3)
I heard one estimate that 3% of PG & E's power goes towards indoor grows. There would probably be a lot less indoor growing if it were legal.
Another factor is the ongoing housing mess. Poor people conserve electricity in a variety of ways: Moving back home with the folks, not keeping the lights on in the investment house that they plan to flip (it's decaying instead), and not providing jobs for illegal immigrants who are either moving back or enterring at lower rates.
Then of course there's the CFLs and other devices that do the same thing with less energy.
"If present trends continue" is one of those phrases that will come back to haunt you. If the economy picks up and kids move out of the house, hire illegals to do their outside gardening, use growlights for their indoor gardening, and drive a spiffy new electric car to work then we'll be back to talking about how the grid can't handle it.
Regarding the predictions of experts. (Score:2)
This presentation is pretty enlightening.
part 1 - [youtube.com]
part 2 - [youtube.com]
part 3 - [youtube.com]
part 4 - [youtube.com]
The experts' guesses are compared to "random darts thrown by monkeys". Guess who is more accurate....
Doing my part, off the grid since 1980 (Score:3)
The system has and does support a computer lab (about 10 machines back when I ran a consultancy here), a machine shop - big tools, welders, and now a physics lab in addition to all the usual home entertainment stuff and lighting -- mostly CCFL, but other types too (even good old halogens for reading and the stereo microscope where they rule). Freezer in an unheated room, freezes two liter bottles of water to put in coolers used as refrigerators in the houses. Saves a ton. In fact, nearly all we do could be done in an on-grid house, whereupon you'd find out why they are called the power company -- they find a way to increase all the other non-electricity charges till you pay the same anyway -- same thing as is called Cramming when the phone companies do it.
As I started with bare land, and built on that, I found out something really interesting. In most counties, including mine, the county has delegated the issuance and enforcement of building permits to guess who, the aptly named "power company". Ha! So all four of my dwellings needed no permits, and are "barns" insofar as taxes go. Now, think how much money that saves yearly -- and now recalculate the payoff time for solar. Laughing all the way to the bank on that one!
More on my forums, link below.
Re: (Score:2)
LEDs. They don't strobe (neither does modern CFLs but never mind), you can get them in a range of tones from whitish neutral to mimicking incandescents, and they're getting cheap enough that changing to them as old bulbs burn out is perfectly feasible.
Re: (Score:2)
The last white LED bulb I saw was very blue, which was very harsh on my eyes. How have they managed to get round that?
Re: (Score:2)
By changing the color temperature of the light they produce.
Re: (Score:2)
So why do you buy "white" LED bulbs? Buy the warm-toned ones. Or the ones where you can adjust the color temperature yourself.
Re: (Score:2)
Because "white" should be the same color as daylight.
Re: (Score:2)
Indeed. I have some 'daylight', 5500K CFLs, and they are ridiculously blue compared to incandescent.
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:3)
As for CFLs not strobing... everyone says that they flicker at 22 kHz or something ridiculous, but they give me instant seizures anyway, so I'm not quite convinced.
Have you been blind tested for this? I.e. have you been subjected to both CFLs and other forms of illumination at the same color temperature without knowing beforehand which is which (and for double blind testing, the person flicking the switch not knowing either), and you get instant seizures from CFL only?
That would be very interesting, if so.
Re: (Score:2)
I'm sure he is lying because if it were true he would be unable to enter 99% of buildings or use an LCD monitor/tv. If anyone was like that it would be a well known medical condition.
Re: (Score:2)
I am pretty sure he's not lying, but firmly believes to a point of certainty what he says. A blind test would undoubtedly be an eye opener for him, if he's only willing to have one arranged. But I fear his conviction might be so deep that he considers it a waste of time which will only cause him more seizures.
Insert appropriate Schiller and Heinlein quotes.
Re: (Score:2)
It's probably because they're crap and while they nominally operate at 22kHz, the 60Hz leaks in as well.
Halogens are a better bet for less-crappy lighting, and are still legal. And their long life claims are less dubious.
Re: (Score:2)
On the other hand, winter time use of incandescent bulbs in the North should be encouraged. A not insignificant part of the electricity on the grid is provided by "clean" or renewable sources, while your typical oil heater most certainly isn't. Not to mention nasty and non-renewable stuff like mercury in the cold lights when you inevitably dispose of dead ones.
There are certainly more factors than just comparing wattage.
But if you really want to reduce wattage, get rid of that hot air clothes dryer that p
Re: (Score:2)
The backlights in them often do.
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
Exactly, just like telepathy.
Re: (Score:3))
Re: (Score:2)
Of course, there's the fact that CFL efficiency is directly related to the cleanliness of the power grid it's drawing from and when put on the standard dirty grid CFL life isn't any longer than incandescent, and many times shorter.
Incandescent lights NOT banned (Score:3)
Where are these bulbs? (Score:4, Insightful)
Even today's 'high efficiency' halogen lights only produce about 10 lumens per watt. By 2020, all general purpose lights must produce 45 lumens per watt. This effectivly bans all current forms of incandescent lights.
Re: (Score:2)
This will cause utilities everywhere to raise rates so that they can cover fixed costs
To anyone thinking the above poster might need to adjust their tinfoil hat: This is not theoretical [lasvegassun.com]. Nor is it isolated [blogspot.com]. Nor is it even particularly new [sun-sentinel.com].
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
I am surprised that the utilities have not worked closely with USPS to get them electric trucks.
They're trying it. [washingtonpost.com] Buses too. Trains [railwaygazette.com] are [technologyreview.com] being looked at for storage. There's a huge amount of different pilots being looked at around the world with some really cool ideas. BOMA [prnewswire.com] doing large scale DR in Chicago. And on and on.Print
TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals
Announces Presentation of Preclinical Data on Birinapant (TL32711) in Pancreatic Cancer and Lymphoma at the 103rd
American Association for Cancer Research
Annual Meeting 2012
4/3/2012 11:43:33 AM
MALVERN, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TetraLogic Pharmaceuticals, a biopharmaceutical company developing novel small molecule Smac mimetic drugs to treat cancer, today announced that new preclinical data on its Smac mimetic drug candidate birinapant (formerly TL32711) were presented this week at the 103rd American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting in Chicago. Birinapant has entered Phase 2 clinical trials for several solid tumors and a Phase 1/2 study in acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is ongoing.Gunman robs newly-opened Waffle House at U Square near University of Cincinnati
CINCINNATI -- Police are investigating an armed robbery at a restaurant at the University of Cincinnati’s new U Square development.
The robbery happened at about 3 a.m. Thursday at the Waffle House at 144 W. McMillan Ave., according to police dispatchers.
The suspect was described as having gold powder on his face with a wig and a Cincinnati Bengals bag, officeers said.
Police said the robber was armed with a gun.
No injuries have been reported.
No other details have been reported.Born: April 8, 1985 in Peabody, Massachusetts, US
High School: St. John's Preparatory School (Danvers, MA)
School: Wake Forest University (Winston-Salem, NC)
Drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in the 19th round of the 2003 MLB June Amateur Draft from St. John's Preparatory School (Danvers, MA) and the San Diego Padres in the 1st round (17th) of the 2006 MLB June Amateur Draft from Wake Forest University (Winston-Salem, NC).
Sabr ID: b35ba.Internet Software and Services
Company Overview of Netpulse, Inc.
Executive Profile
Background
Mr. John Ford serves as Co-Chief Executive Officer at Netpulse, Inc. Mr. Ford serves as Senior Vice President of Product at Netpulse, Inc. and served as its Vice President of Product. Mr. Ford founded Virtual Active and served as its Chief Executive Officer. He has a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of California at Santa Barbara.
>.I'm not quite sure what my husband thinks I do all day, but obviously in his mind, I'm sitting around from the minute I get up in the morning until I go to bed at night watching soap operas and eating bonbons.
On more than one occasion I've heard him tell someone, "Yeah, go ahead and stop by the house any time, Gloria will be there."
He doesn't stop to think that I may be out grocery shopping -- they just magically appear once a week and get put in the refrigerator by my little housekeeping gnomes I keep locked in under the floor when he gets home at night.
He doesn't stop to think that I may be out taking care of bills or having lunch with a friend.
He doesn't consider that I may be in the basement working from my home office, trying to make a living.
He doesn't stop to consider that I may be in the basement trying to take a nap.
None of that crosses his mind when someone asks him, "Will you be home anytime tomorrow?"
So, in the interest of fairness -- to me -- I would like to point out that I stopped watching Soap Operas when Marlena became possessed by a demon, and I'm not sure what a bonbon is.
The closest I come to watching soap operas is watching the presidential coverage on CNN and Fox News -- I have to give both channels equal time so I can get what I consider is truly "Fair and Balanced."
And the nearest I come to a bonbon is the occasional after dinner mint, which I usually end up eating after breakfast, after lunch, after a mid-afternoon snack ...
The point is I know my schedule. Brad ... doesn't. So when he's making appointments for me, I end up having to reschedule my whole day, which in turn throws everything off kilter, which in turn makes me just a little bit grumpy.
I've been grumpy a lot lately.
Which leads me to my next subject. To all of those who stuck up for Brad when I told you about his desire to make a trip to Wyoming without me, I have reconsidered.
He has already made arrangements with his host. He's got his gun (and mine) sighted in, and now he just has to wait 19 more days before he leaves.
I figured, what the heck, at least I'll have a full four days of scheduling my own appointments, four days of cleaning up after only myself and four days without having to argue with him about getting his paperwork done.
I've started ticking off the days on my calender.
That's Brads way of saying he wnats you to get a job besides I assume the paper and support the family because he is stressed out and worried and wants to have some extra money and leway in the household. He im sure knows what you are doing on a daily basis and respects that he just like to joke around and give you a hard time . Don't take it so seriously. things always work out for the best as I know and im sure you do as well.
Posting a comment requires free registration:PHOENIX — Oakland Athletics right-hander Jarrod Parker needs elbow ligament-replacement surgery and will miss the season.
Parker was examined Monday in Gulf Breeze, Fla., by Dr. James Andrews, who repaired the pitcher’s elbow on Oct. 28, 2009, when Parker was with Arizona. Parker is to have surgery again March 25.
Parker had a 10.61 ERA in three spring training starts.
He becomes the latest pitcher who needs a ligament replaced, joining the Arizona Diamondbacks’ Patrick Corbin. Atlanta Braves pitchers Kris Medlen and Brandon Beachy also were being examined by Andrews on Monday. Medlen will have season-ending elbow surgery Tuesday while Beachy will get a second opinion.
Parker’s surgery clears the way for Jesse Chavez and Tommy Miloneto to join Oakland’s starting rotation.
A’s left-hander Scott Kazmir was scratched from his scheduled start Monday against the Chicago Cubs because of left triceps stiffness. But that injury isn’t thought to be.Who’s up for some good, old-fashioned colored gem puzzling with a modern 3D twist? 3SwitcheD from Topware Interactive and Reality Pump offers just that, and we have a few Steam codes to hand out to anyone looking for a new match-3 addiction.
Contest Details:
Prize: 3 Steam download codes for 3SwitcheD on PC/Mac (it is a Steam Play title). Game valued at $9.99.
How to enter: Do at least one of the following:
1) Leave a comment at the bottom of this post declaring your desire to win a code for 3SwitcheD.
2) Follow us on Twitter @vgblogger and retweet this message
3) ‘Like’ us on our Facebook page and then ‘Like’ and comment on this post
4) Email us at contests@vgblogger.com with the subject line “3SwitcheD Giveaway”
5) If you’re a Raptr user, follow our VGBlogger topic page and vote up and comment on this page to earn another entry.
Only ONE form of entry is required, but entering through multiple channels will increase your odds of winning.
Entry Period: Wednesday, August 29 – Friday, August 31 at 12:00 PM EST. 3 contest winners to be selected at random and announced after entry deadline on Friday, August 31.
3SwitcheD codes were provided to VGBlogger by TopWare Interactive. Keep up to date on current and future TopWare Interactive game releases by following them on Twitter and Facebook.there's something deeply beautiful in the sound of tim querengaesser, and something poignantly mystic too. Emerging strings through minimalism, interferences rising among beats, in a picture of the most futuristic sound that you can hear in a club today. you get lost in a never ending journey, like your favorite movie is playing in a endless loop. a soft and gently touch which surrounds you with warm energy!'s biography Pherox MusicianThe X Factor
Watch All the Performances From The X Factor USA Elimination Show November 17, 2011 [VIDEO]
The X Factor USA Final 10 came out singing and swinging with a group performance of "We Will Rock You." Were there sound problems, or did some folks forget the lyrics? You be the judge, favored viewer!
The Final Two Were Stacy Francis, who sang Amazing Grace to save herself... and
Astro (Brian Bradley), a surprising choice for the Bottom Two. He sullenly rapped his good-byes.
Then, the judges voted. It was actually pretty dramatic. Tears from an unexpected source!Once upon a Time
Revision as of 13:43, 6 August 2010.Hagen, Alice M. Egan
Alice M. Egan Hagen
1872 - 1972
Alice Hagen was born in Halifax to Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Egan, a successful local businessman, and his wife Margaret. Starting in 1882, she studied at the Mount Saint Vincent Academy and later enrolled in the Victoria School of Art and Design. In the 1890s, Hagen studied with the Nova Scotia artist Bessie Brown and later with Adelaide Alsop Robineau, the American painter and potter, in New York. While she worked in both oils and watercolours, china painting was her first passion. By 1896 she had acquired a sufficient degree of fame to be 1 of 16 artists commissioned to paint a state dinner service for the Governor General.
Hagen is considered to be the founder of the studio pottery movement in Nova Scotia although it was only in 1931, at the age of 60, that she, after a tour of Europe, set up her own pottery studio and kiln in Mahone Bay. She studied with Robert Prescott, a potter located in Lantz, Nova Scotia, and began to work with local clays. She remained at active potter into her 90s.
Besides being an innovative potter, Hagen was also an influential teacher in the province. She was a teacher of china painting at the Victoria School of Art and Design from 1898 to 1901. She also taught pottery classes at her studio and at Lantz and Antigonish for the Nova Scotia Department of Education.
Shannon Parker
Curator of Collections
Tel 902 424 8457
novascotia.ca
See more works by
Alice M. Egan Hagen
© 2014 Art Gallery of Nova Scotia
P
rivacy Policy
site by ISL Digital MarketingWe’re sorry. The information you have requested is temporarily unavailable.
WeatherTech Extreme-Duty DigitalFit Floor Liners - 41070
Cargo Liner
- This product is not available for your
- View all products for your
- Change Vehicle
- $77.95 - $617.00
- Free Shipping
- Ships Between 5/22 - 5/27
-The Baltimore Ravens dipped into the veteran free-agent pool for receiving help again on Sunday, agreeing to terms with 34-year-old tight end Dallas Clark.
Terms weren't disclosed.
The signing comes one day after the Ravens signed receiver Brandon Stokley, 37, and two weeks after they signed tight end Visanthe Shiancoe, 33.
FAMILIAR FACE: Ravens sign Brandon Stokley
The Ravens have been seeking help at tight end since they lost starter Dennis Pitta to a fractured hip on July 27. Like Stokley, Clark played under current Ravens offensive coordinator Jim Caldwell with the Indianapolis Colts.
Clark made the Pro Bowl with the Colts in 2009, when he racked up 100 catches for 1,106 yards and 10 touchdowns. He spent last season with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, catching 47 passes for 435 yards and four touchdowns.
In 10 NFL seasons, Clark has 474 catches for 5,322 yards and 50 touchdowns.Ok, after listening to this continued cyber attack on F12 from "Andrew"
every single time the name Force 12 is mentioned, and after he included me
personally in one of his propaganda-mails, I decided am not affiliated
with F12 in any way but I am getting weary of all this slammning of F12
going on ESPECIALLY when I and every single ham that I know has received
excellent product and service. Not only do I have the product, I have close
contester friends living within 20 miles and can say that ALL 6 of them
(owning from 1-3 F12 products each) have had NO problems and have nothing
but good things to say about their products. SO--why the Andrew
attacks--here is what I found out: You be the judge...
Andrew bought an antenna that was NOT rated for his high wind qth. After he
foolishly tried that, he had a problem. Even with his screw-up, F12 was nice
enough to offer him FREE replacement parts. He chose not to take them. (Go
figure??) He allow his damaged antenna to stay up and made no effort to
repair or secure it, resulting in more damage. F12 has documentation to show
that they again offered him the parts. He refused (Go figure again??) When
he decided he wanted a completely new antenna, they said no but they would
supply the parts--even though they were not at fault. SO-why the
attacks--F12 won't give him a new antenna as a reward for messing up his
first one. He is trying to blackmail and scam a FREE antenna!!
Comparison: If an auto owners water pump goes out and the dealer agrees to
replace it, but the customer continues to drive the car and burns up the
motor-who is at fault?? DUH!! The customer then attacks the credibility of
the dealer with misleading potshots whenever the opportunity presents
itself, for the purpose of damaging the dealers reputation until he gets a
new car!! FAIR?? I think not. Is he doing damage to the company? Only to
those who share the same IQ level and are naive enough to take his word a
face value.
No company is perfect, but reputation and intregity come from how the issues
and problems are handled. Fairness requires both sides to be heard prior to
a "verdict". One sided "testimony" is worthless.
I would suggest that if Andrew spent as much time rebuilding as he has spent
bitching, he would be on the air and off this reflector which would be a
breath of fresh air for all of us. So, to Andrew-the next time you choose to
include me in your propaganda war -you will get a response--and it will not
be a free antenna.
It is hard enough to try to build and run a fine and reputatable company
without putting up with anyone with a self serving agenda spreading false,
undocumented and misleading information.
Tommy
-----Original Message-----
From: owner-towertalk@contesting.com
[mailto:owner-towertalk@contesting.com]On Behalf Of Andrew Williamson
Sent: Wednesday, March 28, 2001 4:38 PM
To: TowerTalk
Subject: Re: [TowerTalk] Re:rope in elementsWalter Lord, the American writer of the first major publication about the sinking of RMS Titanic, A Night to Remember, has left his historic collection of film-related material and personal items previously owned by Titanic survivors, to the National Maritime Museum, Greenwich. A selection of these objects will go on public display for the first time on 15 April 2003, the 91st anniversary of the sinking in 1912.
The collection includes scripts and film stills from A Night to Remember (1958) which starred Kenneth More and Honor Blackman, and was based on Lord’s book of the same name. Among the many personal items given to Lord by Titanic survivors are first and second-class dinner menus, original photographs of survivors approaching the rescue ship Carpathia in lifeboats, and telegram messages sent by survivors from Carpathia. One reads:
I am safe, pray that Harry has been picked up by another steamer, arriving Carpathia, Renee.
More than 1500 lives were lost when the 'unsinkable' liner struck an iceberg and sank on her maiden voyage in the early hours of 15 April 1912.
Lord was considered the greatest Titanic expert and his collection also includes much commemorative memorabilia donated over many decades by his friends and admirers. He is credited with having revived the memory of the ship, about which not a single book was published between 1913 and 1955. His interest stemmed from a journey on the Titanic’s sister ship, Olympic, when he was just nine years old. The collection also includes items previously owned by William Macquitty, producer of A Night to Remember and a close friend of Walter Lord, who encouraged Lord to bequeath his collection to the National Maritime Museum rather than remain in America.
One of the most intriguing items in the collection is a small toy musical pig, which belonged to fashion journalist and first-class passenger, Edith Russell. The 'lucky' pig had been given to her following her involvement in a car crash in France. Despite being in her early thirties, and later becoming possibly one of the first female war journalists (spending time in World War I trenches) she was too frightened to jump into a lifeboat. However, when the pig was thrown into Lifeboat 11, Edith was compelled to follow and both the pig and Edith survived. Edith, whose story is included in A Night to Remember, later advised William Macquitty on the film. She died in 1975, aged 98.
Roy Clare, Director of the National Maritime Museum said:
The sinking of the Titanic is among the most notorious maritime disasters the world has known in peacetime; ever since, people have been rightly cautious about vessels that claim to be 'unsinkable'. Thousands of families were caught up in the aftermath of the accident, each with intensely personal stories to tell. Our acquisition of this substantial archive gives us a powerful insight into these painfully human aspects of the Titanic tragedy. The collection illustrates the compelling stories of those who lost their lives on that terrifying night, and the poignancy of the tales of those who survived. We are delighted and very grateful that Walter Lord has left his extensive collection to the National Maritime Museum. The material enhances our existing Titanic holdings, builds on our world-class historic manuscript collection and enables us to plan ahead for a major exhibition.
When Lord’s first book, A Night to Remember, was published in 1955, it became a New York Times best-seller. In 1999, following the release of James Cameron's film, Titanic, A Night to Remember again entered the best-sellers list, over 40 years after it first appeared. Lord advised Cameron on Titanic and when it won the Academy Award for best picture, Cameron held up the Oscar and declared it 'a night to remember’ in honour of Walter Lord who died in May 2002 aged 84. Lord’s film is still considered by many to be the most historically accurate telling of the Titanic story.
Among other items to go on display, in the Museum’s 'Explorers' gallery, on 15 April are the embroidered silk evening slippers and white woollen cap that Edith Russell was wearing when she jumped into Lifeboat 11, the Marconi cable form notifying Edith’s safety and other items relating to the rescue of survivors and those lost in the disaster.
-ends-
Notes to editors
1. The National Maritime Museum, Queen's House and Royal Observatory are open from 10.00 to 17.00 (18.00 in summer), seven days a week. Last admission 30 minutes before closing. Admission is free. Nearest DLR station to the Museum is Cutty Sark for Maritime Greenwich and nearest rail station is Maze Hill. For visitor information telephone 020 8858 4422 or visit
2. Walter Lord passed away on 19 May 2002, aged 84, following a long battle against Parkinson’s disease. He made the bequest to the Museum in his will. A Night to Remember is one of two books Lord wrote about the disaster, the second, The Night Lives On, was written following exploration on the wreck in 1986 by the salvage company RMS Titanic Inc.
3. The National Maritime Museum's 'Passengers' gallery tells the story of modern passenger travel on great ocean liners and mass immigration, from England to Australia, from Europe to America and the Caribbean to England during the last century.
4. The Museum currently has a small permanent display about the Titanic; this will give way to a more substantial exhibition, drawing on the new material, within the next few years.
5. The Museum’s collection of manuscripts is the largest and most important dedicated archive for the study of maritime history in the world. In addition the Museum is guardian of the country's finest collection of historic maritime photographs, with prints and negatives dating back to the beginnings of photography in the 1840s. Much of the newly acquired Lord-Macquitty Collection will be catalogued within these areas of the National Maritime Museum’s holdings.
6. James Cameron will follow up Titanic with the release of an IMAX documentary about the ship – Ghosts of the Abyss. The 3D film shows unique underwater footage of the wreck and is released on 18 April 2003. It is accompanied by a book of the same name, with an introduction by James Cameron, which includes around 200 images of the wreck as it is today. The book is available in the National Maritime Museum shop priced at £20.
7. Carlton International own the rights to the film A Night to Remember. The film is part of the Rank Film Library which is also owned by Carlton International. The film has recently received digital restoration prior to release on DVD.
Issued 7 April 2003 by the National Maritime Museum Press Office
For further press information and images please telephone: 020 8312 6732/6545/6790 or email: jward@rmg.co.ukWASHINGTON, D.C. — The Obama administration are “deniers” if they believe they can take drastic energy action without causing other deleterious effects, according to West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin.
“You know we talk about deniers. I would say they’re the deniers, not me. I think 7 billion people have had an impact and we have a responsibility. But also we have a responsibility to make sure that we still deliver even the light saving energy that people depend on and I think they are just throwing one caution off to the other,” Manchin told reporters Monday evening, reacting to the proposed rule from the Environmental Protection Agency.
Monday the EPA announced a rule that would cut carbon dioxide emissions from power plants by 30 percent nationwide below 2005 levels by 2030. Coal-state Democrats were generally not pleased.
“This is an unprecedented use of the Clean Air Act to wage war on an entire industry,” West Virginia Democratic Sen. Nick Rahall in a statement, who is facing a reelection challenge. .”
Another vulnerable Democratic senator took issue with the process.
“I do not think this policy should be pushed through regulation by EPA,” Louisiana Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu told reporters Monday, explaining she believes the goals and timeframe should be determined by Congress, “so I am not supporting the rule.”
Landrieu was not all negative, however, “the flexibility and the timeframe is more preferable than a one-size fits all, but I am still opposed to the EPA rule,” She said, stressing that she was not commenting on the specifics.
Of how this will affect her upcoming reelection, the Louisiana Democrat noted that energy is just one issue of many.
“I am chair of the energy committee and on homeland security and I’m on the appropriations committee, so I am involved in hundreds of issues. So every issue is going to have a bearing between now and then,” she said. “This one no more and no less. It’s just the administration and I have different views about how we should move forward. And they want to do it through regulation and I think it needs to be done through energy policy through Congress, congressional action.”
Manchin said that he is currently looking at legislative options.
“The bottom line is this administration’s own energy department has given us the forecast. They’ve got to us an all in policy,” he said Monday. “They’ve got to use coal, they’ve got to us gas because it provides so much of the energy that we use, and coal is one of the two base loads that we have.”On 2/22/07, George Williams <george.williams at gmail.com> wrote: > Hi, > > I think I'm being a bonehead - can someone help? > > I am building "slviewer-src-FL-1.13.3.58018". It builds ok. When a start > the program, I get a dialogue a few seconds later: > > "Second Life is unable to access a file that it needs. > > This can be because you somehow have multiple copies running, or your system > incorrectly thinks a file is open. If this message persists, restart your > computer and try again. If it continues to persist, you may need to > complete uninstall Second Life and reinstall it." What OS are you using? What compiler? Are you running the program in-place, or are you copying it somewhere? Are you building the support libraries yourself, or using the pre-packaged ones? -- Mark Carnildo GreenacreGollum's Lake
(Difference between revisions)
Revision as of 13:32, 18 July 2010.Theories of Mind and ‘The Commonsense View’
Article first published online: 17 DEC 2002
DOI: 10.1111/1468-0017.00208
Blackwell Publishers Ltd. 2002
Issue
1468-0017/asset/cover.gif?v=1&s=3b37ef302942d534f318699c81731b2a373ee3ce)
Mind & Language
Volume 17, Issue 5, pages 467–488, November 2002
Additional Information
How to Cite
Macdonald, C. (2002), Theories of Mind and ‘The Commonsense View’. Mind & Language, 17: 467–488. doi: 10.1111/1468-0017.00208
Publication History
- Issue published online: 17 DEC 2002
- Article first published online: 17 DEC 2002
It is widely believed that people are sometimes directly aware of their own psychological states and consequently better placed than others to know what the contents of those states are. This (‘commonsense’).One day, not too many days ago, on a somewhat normal day I took a not somewhat normal poop. It was violent yet quick, uncomfortable yet refreshing. It was my trophy. Never before have I made a more fantastic poop and I doubt I ever will again. This is my story.
pet2954570!OpenSolaris, Solaris 10 at MySQL User's Conference
By user12618941 on Apr 17, 2005!The following is the sixteenth installment from Sacred Economics: Money, Gift, and Society in the Age of Transition, available from EVOLVER EDITIONS/North Atlantic Books. You can read the Introduction here, and visit the Sacred Economics homepage
A sacred way of life connects us to the
people and places around us. That means that a sacred economy must be in large
part a local economy, in which we have multidimensional, personal relationships
with the land and people who meet our needs, and whose needs we meet in turn.
Otherwise we suffer a divide between the social and the material, in which our
social relationships lack substance, and in which our economic relationships
are impersonal. It is inevitable, when we purchase generic services from
distant strangers and standardized products from distant lands, that we feel a
loss of connection, an alienation, and a sense that we, like the things we buy,
are replaceable. To the extent that what we provide is standard and impersonal,
we are replaceable.
One
of the effects of a homogeneous national or global currency is the
homogenization of culture. As the money realm expands to include more and more
of material and social life, our materials and relationships become
standardized commodities, the same everywhere that money can reach. Nowhere is
this more evident than in the United States, the "landscape of the exit ramp,"
where the same stores, same restaurants, and same architecture dominate every
locale. And everywhere we are the same employees and consumers, living in
thrall to distant economic powers. Local distinctiveness, autonomy, and
economic opportunity disappear. Business profits are sucked away to distant
corporate headquarters and ultimately to Wall Street. Instead of vibrant,
economically diverse communities with their own local character, we have a
monoculture where every place is the same.
The
money system described so far in this book removes many of the barriers to
local economic sovereignty and weakens the pressure toward globalization. Here
are three ways:
1. Much
global trade is only economic because of hidden social and ecological
subsidies, which would be eliminated by the internalization of costs.
2. Commons-backed
currency relocalizes economic power since many of the commons are local or
bioregional in nature.
3. Negative-interest
money removes the pressure to maintain growth through the conversion of the
unique, local relationships and natural wealth of other lands into commodities.
Ultimately, local difference stands in the way of commoditization and therefore
of growth.
However,
because the habits and infrastructure of local economy have largely
disappeared, additional measures are necessary to rebuild community-based,
place-based economies. This chapter discusses one of these measures: the
localization of money itself.
I am not advocating
the abandonment of global trade. While many things that should be local, such
as food, have become global, there are many realms of collective human
creativity that by their nature require a global coordination of labor.
Moreover, economists' doctrines of efficiency of scale and comparative advantage
(that some places and cultures are better suited to certain kinds of
production) are not entirely without basis.1 In general, though,
sacred economics will induce the local sourcing of many commodities that are
shipped across oceans and continents today.
While the changes
described thus far make globalization less economic, my affinity for local
economy is not primarily motivated by economic logic: the maximization of some
measurable quantum of well-being. It comes rather from a longing for community.
The threads of community are of two types: gift and story, warp and woof. In
short, a strong community weaves together social and economic ties. The people
we depend on, and who depend on us, are the same people whom we know and who
know us. It is just that simple. The same goes for the broader community of all
beings: the land and its ecosystems. Lacking community, we suffer a painful
deficit of being, for it is these multidimensional ties that define who we are
and expand us beyond the miserable, lonely, separate ego, the "bubble of
psychology in a prison of flesh." We yearn to restore our lost connections, our
lost being.
Local economy reverses
the millennia-long trend toward the homogenization of culture and connects us
to the people and places we see every day. More than fulfilling the longing for
community, it also benefits society and the environment. Not only does it
entail less energy consumption, it also makes the social and ecological
consequences of economic decisions harder to ignore. Today, indeed, it is quite
easy to pretend that our economic decisions have no consequences. The things we
use with little thought are part and parcel of birth defects in Chinese cities,
strip-mining of West Virginia mountains, and the desertification of previously
lush regions. But these effects are distant, reaching us only as pixels on a TV
screen. Quite naturally, we live as if they weren't happening. If the people
who grow your food and make your stuff live in Haiti or China or Pakistan, then
their well-being or suffering is invisible. If they live nearby, you can still
exploit them perhaps, but you can't easily avoid knowing it. Local economy
faces us with the consequences of our actions, tightening the circle of karma
and fostering a sense of self that includes others. Local economy is therefore
aligned with the deep spiritual shift of our time.
The
Catch-22 of Local Currency
Local currency is often proposed as a way to revitalize
local economies, insulate them from global market forces, and re-create
community. There are at present thousands of them around the world, unofficial
currencies issued by groups of ordinary citizens. In theory, local currency
offers several economic benefits:
1. It encourages people
to shop at local businesses since only they are willing to accept and use local
currency.
2. It increases the
local money supply, which increases demand and stimulates local production and
employment.
3. It keeps money
within the community since it cannot be extracted to distant corporations.
4. It allows
individuals and businesses to bypass conventional credit channels and thus
offers an alternative source of capital for which the interest (if any) will
circulate back to the community.
5. It facilitates the
circulation of goods and services among people who may not have sufficient
access to national currency but who may have time and skills to offer.
Say you want to buy a
hamburger and have local currency. You might buy it at a locally owned
restaurant rather than McDonald's, even if the price is higher, because
McDonald's won't accept the local currency. What does the hamburger joint do
with the local currency then? Well, it can't buy beef from the national
distribution chain with it, but maybe it could buy beef from a local farmer, or
pay part of employees' wages with it. And what would the farmer or the
employees do with it? Buy things from other local suppliers, including people
who eat at the hamburger joint. This is how local currencies strengthen local
economies.
Unfortunately, the
practical results of local currency initiatives.2 Another common pattern is that
local money accumulates in the hands of the few local retailers that are
willing to accept it and who cannot find ways to spend it. Finally, even where
local currencies have been relatively successful, they comprise an
insignificant portion of total economic activity.3 If we are to
realize the theoretical advantages of local currencies, it is imperative that
we acknowledge that they aren't working today and figure out why. After all,
they did work quite well in the nineteenth and early twentieth century.
In the nineteenth, paper money consisted of "bank notes" issued by local banks
and accepted only in the economic region where the banks were located. As
recently as the 1930s, local currencies were so successful that central
governments actively suppressed them. What has happened since then to make them
(with a few notable exceptions) the plaything of social idealists?4
Several factors are at
work. The first is that the economy has become so delocalized that it is hard
to keep local currency circulating. In the words of one shopkeeper in Germany,
speaking of one of the more successful local currencies, the Chiemgauer, "We do
accept it, but we don't know what to do with it." His acceptance was
reluctant-understandable when few of his suppliers are local. Local currencies
are viable only to the extent that producers are making goods and services that
are consumed locally by people who themselves produce locally consumed goods
and services. In the 1930s, economies were still highly local. People had goods
and services to exchange but no money to use as a medium due to bank failures
and hoarding. Today, the situation is quite different. Most people provide
services that only make sense in a vast, often global, coordination of labor.
Local currency cannot facilitate a supply and production chain that involves
millions of people in thousands of places.
However, while some
products, such as electronics, are inherently global in the nature of their
manufacture, many products could be produced locally but are nonetheless part
of global production systems. This implies a considerable untapped potential
for local currencies. Unfortunately, much of the infrastructure of local
production and distribution has disappeared. Local currencies can be part of
the rebuilding of that infrastructure, but by themselves they are not enough.
If nothing else changes, they are consigned to a very marginal, usually
subcritical role. As things stand, local money is not very useful to us because
we import nearly everything we use from outside our region.
Why would anyone be
willing to accept local currency to begin with? One reason is idealism, but if
we are to rely on idealism, then why not just apply that idealism to the
existing currency and use it to "buy local"? Why bother with a complementary
currency? What we want is to align our ideals with what is practical, not to bear
them in opposition. Besides, the recent history of complementary currencies
suggests that idealism is not enough, that they stagnate and disappear when
that initial idealistic enthusiasm wears off. The question, then, is how local
currencies might be aligned with economic self-interest.
We have to see local
currency within a larger economic context. If a region has its own currency,
yet is so integrated into the global commodity economy that nearly all its
production is sold abroad and most of its consumption is purchased from abroad,
then it might as well not even bother with its own currency. Under such
conditions, the currency must be freely convertible (since economic circulation
goes to and from the global market), making it into little more than a proxy
currency for the dominant global unit of account (presently the U.S. dollar).
Such a place is little more than a colony, and indeed that is what most places
have become, especially in the United States, where towns have lost their local
character and serve only as production and consumption centers for the global
economy. For a region, city, or country to have a robust currency of its own,
it must have a robust economy of its own as well. Key to building one is what
economist Jane Jacobs called "import replacement"-the sourcing of components
and services locally, and the development of the associated skills and
infrastructure. Otherwise, a place is subject to the whims of global finance
and dependent on commodity prices over which it has no control.
In "developing"
countries that still have strong local economic infrastructure, local
currencies help to preserve that infrastructure and insulate them from global
financial predation. But in highly developed economies dominated by a national
or supranational currency, anyone seeking to establish a local currency faces
something of a catch-22. Local currencies only work if there is a local system
of locally circulating production for which it can mediate exchange. Yet for
such a system to grow and withstand the pressures of the global commodity
economy, it needs a protected local currency. Import replacement cannot happen
if local producers must compete with unrestricted, cheap imports. That is why
such an economy can only manifest as an intentional choice motivated by a new
Story of the People that generates shared vision, values, and goals. In other
words, it will happen only through some form of democracy, popular action, and
a government that responds to the will of its people rather than the will of
international banks, investors, and the bond market. These forces are always
ready to offer again the old story of the people: competition, growth,
separation, conquest, and ascent.
Several historical
examples bear this point out. Compare the disastrous results in countries that
have "opened their markets" to "free trade" in recent years with the earlier
success of Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan, who intentionally fostered local
industries with import replacement, tariffs, and industrial planning, while
limiting the convertibility of their currencies. I am most familiar with the
case of Taiwan, having translated in the 1990s a multivolume history of the
development of its small and medium enterprises.5 In the 1950s and
60s, Taiwan placed stringent conditions on foreign investment. Foreign-invested
factories were required to purchase a high percentage of components locally,
encouraging the development of domestic industry. In Japan, South Korea, and
Singapore as well, formal and informal mechanisms gave domestic enterprises a
privileged status.6 At the same time, they imposed currency controls
and restrictions on the repatriation of profits. Foreign investors could freely
convert their currencies into won, Taiwan dollars, and so on, but they couldn't
convert it back again as freely. Today, these countries have a large middle
class, world-class industrial plants, and tremendous overall wealth, despite
starting in great poverty after World War II.
Compare their policies
with those of Mexico, which allowed foreign manufacturers to set up factories
in the Maquiladora zone, with no taxes, no limits on the expatriation of
profits, and no requirement to source components in Mexico. Mexico and the many
other countries offering such "free-trade zones" merely provided low-cost labor
and freedom from environmental restrictions, essentially selling off their
natural and social capital without gaining much know-how or infrastructure in
return. Instead of enriching their economies, they bled them. Then the
factories moved to take advantage of even cheaper labor elsewhere. First GATT,
then NAFTA and the WTO and EMU destroyed in one country after another the
protections that kept local economies from becoming helpless colonies of
commodity export and consumption. The only beneficiaries were the elites, who
are relatively independent of the local economy. Unlike the masses, they can
import what they need and move away if conditions become too terrible.
Monetary autonomy is a
crucial part of political sovereignty. Ultimately, political sovereignty means
very little if outside corporations can strip-mine that society's natural and
social capital-its resources, skills, and labor-and export them to global
markets. At the present writing, Brazil, Thailand, and other countries are
taking measures to protect their economies from the flood of cheap U.S. dollars
that has resulted from the Fed's quantitative easing program. Left unchecked,
these dollars would allow foreigners to buy up domestic equities, mines,
factories, utilities, and so on. These countries recognize that meaningful
sovereignty is economic sovereignty.
What is true for
nations is also true for smaller regions. However, compared to tweaking
interest rates to below the zero lower bound, the proposal that local and
regional governments issue their own currency may seem naively impractical.
Actually, it is a very accessible solution that is constantly being suppressed.
Although it is illegal for states to issue currency in the United States and
many other countries, people find ways around laws when the necessity arises.
The case of
Argentina's financial crisis of 2001-2002 is most illuminating. When provincial
governments completely ran out of money to pay employees and contractors, they
paid them in low-denomination bearer bonds instead (one-peso bonds, five-peso
bonds …). Local businesses and citizens readily accepted these bonds, even
though nobody really expected they would ever be redeemable for hard currency,
because they could be used to pay provincial taxes and fees. Acceptance for
payment of taxes enhanced the social perception of value, and as with all
money, value and the perception of value are identical. The currencies, which
were all denominated in a common unit of account, circulated far beyond their
region of issue. They revived economic activity, which had ground to a halt
since, after all, people still had the capacity to produce goods and services
that other people needed, lacking only the means to make exchanges. This was
only possible because Argentina is fundamentally a rich country that had not
been completely converted into export commodity production. At the same time,
Argentina's government repudiated its foreign debt, temporarily cutting it off
from imports and increasing the need for local self-reliance. At that point the
IMF stepped in with emergency loans to induce the country to keep its debts on
the books.
In 2009, the state of
California came within a hair's breadth of doing nearly the same thing. Faced
with a budget crisis that rendered it unable to pay tax refunds and money owed
to contractors, the state issued IOUs instead. Similar to bonds, these were to
be redeemable for their face value plus interest at a later date, or they could
be used to pay state taxes. Although the IOUs were denominated in U.S. dollars,
banks threatened not to redeem them, which would have made them a separate
currency. However, the program was terminated after a month or so when the
state obtained short-term loans from banks. The episode shows that there are
forces just below the surface pushing toward a different money system.
Unthinkable in normal times (i.e., the normality of exponential growth, which
will never come again), the measures in this book are increasingly becoming
common sense.
As of 2011, we are
still living, if no longer in normal times, at least in the inertia of the
habits of those times. Accordingly, local currencies still face an uphill
battle, languishing without government support. Even worse, governments present
them with crippling handicaps through tax laws. Citizen-created currencies are
unacceptable for payment of taxes, yet transactions made in these currencies
are subject to income and sales taxes. That means that even if you used local
currency exclusively, you would have to pay taxes in U.S. dollars-even though
you earned none!7 Taxing people in a currency they don't use is
tyrannical-it was a cause of the American Revolution and a key instrument of
colonialism (see the discussion of the "hut tax" in Chapter 20).
In places where local
currencies have been effective, either they have received government support,
or they have emerged in war zones and other extreme circumstances. In Argentina
in 2001-2002 and the United States and Europe during the Depression, local
governments actually issued currency themselves. Moreover, in those places and
times, there was still a lot of local production, subsistence farming, local
distribution and supply networks, and local social capital in general. Local
currencies had a real chance there and, unsurprisingly, provoked the hostility
of the central authorities. In the case of Argentina, the IMF demanded their
abolition as a prerequisite for aid.
Nonetheless, the
efforts of local currency activists over the last twenty years have not been in
vain. They have created a model-many models, in fact-to be applied when the
next crisis erupts and the unthinkable becomes common sense. They are creating
a new logic, a new template, working out the kinks, gaining experience that
will become essential very soon. So let us examine some of the types of
complementary currency being explored today that may have a role in the coming
sacred economy.
Experiments
in Local Money
Proxy Currencies
The first kind of local currency I'll consider is the dollar
(or euro) proxy currency such as the Chiemgauer or the BerkShare. You can buy a
hundred BerkShares for $95 and buy merchandise at the usual dollar price; the
merchant then redeems a hundred BerkShares for $95 at participating banks.
Because of this easy convertibility, merchants readily accept them, as the
5-percent discount is well worth the extra business volume. However, the same
easy convertibility limits the currency's effect on the local economy. In
principle, merchants receiving BerkShares have a 5-percent incentive to source
merchandise locally, but in the absence of local economic infrastructure, they
usually won't bother.
Proxy currencies do
little to revitalize local economies or to expand the local money supply. They
provide a token of desire to buy local but a very small economic incentive to
do so. Since BerkShares originate as dollars and are convertible into them,
anyone with access to the former also has access to the latter. The
international equivalent is found in countries that adopt a currency board. We
call these dollarized economies
because they have effectively surrendered any monetary independence. Proxy
currencies like BerkShares are useful as a consciousness-raising tool to
introduce people to the idea of complementary currencies, but by themselves
they are ineffectual in promoting vibrant local economies.
Complementary Fiat Currencies
More promising are fiat currencies, such as Ithaca Hours,
that actually increase the local money supply. Many Depression-era scrips also
fall into this category. Essentially, someone simply prints up the money and
declares it to have value (e.g., an Ithaca Hour is declared equal to ten U.S.
dollars). For it to be money, there must be a community agreement that it has
value. In the case of Hours, a group of businesses, inspired by the currency's
founder Paul Glover, simply declared that they would accept the currency, in
effect backing it with their goods and services. During the Depression, scrip
was often issued by a mainstay local business that could redeem it for
merchandise, coal, or some other commodity. In other cases, a city government
issued its own currency, backed by acceptability for payment of local taxes and
fees.
The effect of fiat
currencies is much more potent than that of proxy currencies because fiat
currencies have the potential of putting money in the hands of those who would
otherwise not have it. It is only inflationary if those accessing the money
offer no goods or services in return.8 In extreme economic times, it
is often the case that there are plenty of people willing to work and plenty of
needs to met; only the money to mediate these transactions is missing. So it
was during the Great Depression, and so it is becoming today. Municipalities
all over the world are facing severe budget cuts due to lack of tax revenue,
forcing important maintenance and repair tasks to languish and even laying off
police and firefighters; meanwhile, many of their residents who could do those
tasks sit unemployed and idle. Though legal hurdles presently stand in the way,
cities can and probably will issue vouchers, acceptable in payment of city
taxes, in lieu of U.S. dollars to hire people to do necessary work. Why not?
Many of the taxes are in arrears anyway. When local government is the issuer,
scrip much more easily takes on the "story of value" that makes it into money.
Such currencies are
often called complementary because
they are separate from, and complementary to, the standard medium of exchange.
While they are usually denominated in dollar (or euro, pound, etc.) units, there
is no currency board that keeps reserves of dollars to maintain the exchange
rate. They are thus similar to a standard sovereign currency with a floating
exchange rate.
In the absence of
local government support, because complementary fiat currencies are not easily
convertible into dollars, businesses are generally much less willing to accept
them than they are proxy currencies. That is because in the current economic
system, there is little infrastructure to source goods locally. Locally owned
businesses are plugged into the same global supply chains as everyone else.
Regrowing the infrastructure of local production and distribution will take
time, as well as a change in macroeconomic conditions driven by the
internalization of costs, the end of growth pressure, and a social and
political decision to relocalize. Noneconomic factors can influence the social
agreement of money. The idealism of a few that sustains local currency today
will become the consensus of the many.
Time Banking
There is one resource that is always locally available and
always needed to sustain and enrich life. That resource is human beings: their
labor, energy, and time. Earlier I said that local currencies are viable only
to the extent that producers are making goods and services that are consumed
locally by people who, themselves, produce locally consumed goods and services.
Well, we are always "producers" of our time (by the mere act of living), and
there are many ways to give this time for the benefit of others. This is why I believe
that time-based currencies (often called "time banks") offer great promise
without needing huge changes in economic infrastructure.
When someone performs
a service through a time bank, it credits his or her account by one time dollar
for each hour spent and debits the recipient's account by the same. Usually,
there is some kind of electronic bulletin board with postings of offerings and
needs. People who could otherwise not afford the services of a handyman,
massage therapist, babysitter, and so on gain access to help from a person who
might otherwise be unemployed. Time banks tend to flourish in places where
people have a lot of time and not much money. It is especially appealing in
realms requiring little specialization, in which the time of any person is in
fact equally valuable. A prime example is the famous fureai kippu
currency in Japan, which credits people for time spent caring for the elderly.
Time banking is also used extensively by service organizations in America and
Britain. It can also apply to physical goods, typically by way of a dollar cost
for materials and a time dollar cost for time.
In our atomized
society, the traditional ways of knowing who has what to offer have broken
down, and commercial means of disseminating this information (such as
advertising) are accessible only with money. Time banks connect individuals who
would otherwise be oblivious to the needs and gifts each can offer. As one time
bank user puts it,?"9
Beyond the meeting of immediate needs, you can see from this
description the power of time banks to restore community. They generate the
kind of economic and social resiliency that sustains life in times of turmoil.
As money unravels, it is important to have alternative structures for the
meeting of human needs.
The fundamental idea
behind time banks is deeply egalitarian, both because everyone's time is valued
equally and because everyone starts out with the same amount of it. If there is
one thing that we can be said to truly own, it is our time. Unlike any other
possession, as long as we are alive, our time is inseparable from our selves.
Our choice of how to spend time is our choice of how to live life. And no
matter how wealthy one is in terms of money, it is impossible to buy more time.
Money might buy you life-saving surgery or otherwise enhance longevity, but it
won't guarantee long life; nor can it purchase more than twenty-four hours of
experience in each day. In this we are all equal; a money system that
recognizes this equality is intuitively appealing.
When time-based
currency replaces monetary transactions, it is a great equalizing force in
society. The danger is that time currency can also end up transferring formerly
gift-based activity into the realm of the quantified. The future, perhaps,
belongs to nonmonetary, nonquantified ways of connecting gifts and needs.
Still, at least for a long time to come, time banks have an important role to
play in healing our fragmented local communities.
Reclaiming
the Credit Commons
Another way to foster local economic and monetary autonomy
is through the credit system. When an economic community applies formal or
informal mechanisms to limit the acquisition of credit and, consequently, the
allocation of money, the local economy can maintain its independence just as if
it had instituted currency controls. To illustrate this point, consider an innovation
commonly mentioned in discussions of complementary currency: mutual-credit
systems, including commercial barter rings, credit-clearing cooperatives, and
local exchange trading systems (LETS). -20. Next, I buy bread from Thelma for ten
credits. Now my account is down to +10 and hers is also +10.
This kind of system
has many applications. The above scenario exemplifies a small-scale, locally
based credit system often called LETS. Since its inception in 1983 by Michael
Linton, hundreds of LETS systems have taken root around the world. Mutual
credit is equally useful on the commercial level. Any network of businesses
that fulfill the basic requirement that each produce something that one of the
others needs can form a commercial barter exchange or credit-clearing
cooperative. Rather than issue commercial paper or seek short-term loans from
banks, participating businesses create their own credit.
In commercial barter
exchanges, firms sell excess inventory and unused capacity for which there is
no immediate cash market to others in the exchange for trade credits. The buyer
conserves cash, and the seller builds up credits to use in future transactions.
No idealist commitment to complementary currencies is necessary to motivate
businesses to join; in fact, most exchanges levy a hefty fee for membership.
Some six hundred commercial barter exchanges operate around the world today,
involving some half a million firms.10
A more recent
innovation is mutual factoring, conceived by Martin "Hasan" Bramwell.
Typically, businesses receive orders far in advance of receiving payment for
those orders. To obtain the cash necessary to fulfill the order, they would
ordinarily have to sell the account receivable at a discount to a third party
(called a "factor"), such as a bank. Mutual factoring bypasses the banks and
allows accounts receivable to be used as a liquid medium of exchange among
participating businesses.
The most famous
commercial mutual-credit system is undoubtedly the Swiss WIR, in operation
since 1934, which boasts tens of thousands of members and trade volume of over
a billion Swiss francs. As of 2005, its volume dwarfed that of all the rest of
the world's commercial barter rings combined.11 According to
economist James Stodder, both the WIR and other commercial barter exchanges
exert a contracyclical effect, showing greater exchange activity during
economic downturns, a fact he attributes to their ability to create credit.12
This demonstrates the ability of complementary currency and credit systems to
shield participants from macroeconomic fluctuations and sustain local
economies.
In any mutual-credit
system, members have access to credit without the involvement of a bank.
Instead of paying money to use money, as in an interest-based credit system,
credit is a free social good available to all who have earned the trust of the
community. Essentially, today's credit system is an example of the
privatization of the commons I discussed earlier in the book, in this case the
"credit commons"-a community's general judgment of the creditworthiness of each
of its members. Mutual-credit systems reclaim this commons by issuing credit
cooperatively rather than for private profit.
Mutual credit is not
so much a type of currency as a means of issuing that currency. In the dominant
system, it is primarily banks that grant access to money by extending credit.
In a mutual-credit system, this power goes to the users themselves.
The development of
mutual-credit systems is extremely significant, for credit essentially
represents a society's choice of who gets access to money and how much of it.
Mutual credit replaces the traditional functions of banks. People with a
negative credit balance are under social pressure, and the pressure of their
own conscience, to offer goods and services that will bring their account back
into positive territory. But I'm sure you can see a potential problem with this
system when applied on a large scale. What is to prevent one of the
participants from running up a higher and higher negative balance, in essence
receiving goods for nothing? The system needs a way to prevent this and
eliminate participants who abuse it.
Without negative-balance
limits, a mutual-credit currency can be created in unlimited amounts simply by
the will to make a transaction. This might seem like a good thing, but it won't
work if that currency is used to exchange scarce goods.13
Ultimately, money represents a social agreement on how to allocate labor and
materials. Not everyone can have access to enough credit, say, to construct a
multibillion-dollar semiconductor plant or buy the world's largest diamond.
More sophisticated
mutual-credit systems have flexible credit limits based on responsible
participation. Global Exchange Trading System (GETS; a proprietary
credit-clearing system) and Community Exchange System (CES) use complicated
formulas in which credit limits rise with time according to how much or how
well one has participated in the system. Those who have fulfilled their
negative-balance obligations in the past get a larger credit limit. This
formula functions just like a conventional credit rating.
The real world,
however, does not always conform to a formula. Different kinds of businesses
have different credit needs, and sometimes exceptional circumstances arise that
merit a temporary increase in credit. Some mechanism is needed to set these
limits and to grant or reject requests for credit. This might require research,
familiarity with industries and markets, and knowledge of the borrower's
reputation and circumstances. It could also encompass the social and ecological
effects of the investment. Whatever entity performs this function, be it a traditional
bank, cooperative, or P2P community, must have a good general understanding of
business and must be willing to assume responsibility for its evaluations.
New forms of P2P
banking run up against the same general problem of determining creditworthiness
over the anonymous gulf of cyberspace. One could imagine a system in which a
database connects you, who have $5,000 you want to lend for six months, to a
distant person who wants to borrow it for six months. You don't know her. How
do you know she is creditworthy? Perhaps some user rating system à la eBay
could provide a partial solution, but such systems are easily gamed. What you
really need is a trustworthy institution that knows her better than you do to
assure you of her creditworthiness. You lend your money to that institution,
and that institution lends it to her. Sound familiar? It's called a bank.
Banking, like money,
has a sacred dimension: a banker is someone who finds beautiful uses for money.
If I have more money than I can use, I can say, "Here, Ms. Banker, please find
someone who can use this money well until I need it back." Decaying currency,
described in Chapter 12, aligns this conception of banking with self-interest.
It will continue to be a necessary function even when "better" no longer means
"to increase my personal wealth."
Whether it is through
social consensus, formulas, or the decisions of specialists, there must be some
way to allocate credit. Banking functions, whether implicit or explicit, will
always exist. Today, a banking cartel has monopolized these functions,
profiting not only from its expertise in allocating credit toward its most
remunerative use but also from its monopoly control over the former credit
commons. Ultimately, a new banking system might arise from the ground up,
starting with small mutual-credit cooperatives that form exchange agreements
with each other. Convertibility among different mutual-credit systems is a hot
topic in the field, with prototypes being developed by CES and the Metacurrency
Initiative.14 The challenge is to strike a balance between
convertibility, in order to allow long-distance trade, and insulation of the
members' internal economy from outside predation or financial shocks. These are
essentially the same issues that face small sovereign currencies today.
Mutual-credit systems
reclaim the functions of banking for a local community, a business community,
or a cooperative entity. They foster and protect the internal economy of their
members, insulating it from external shocks and financial predation in the same
way that local currencies do. Indeed, local currencies will never be able to
expand beyond marginal status unless they have a credit mechanism that protects
them from the speculative runs that numerous national currencies have suffered
in the last twenty years. Local and regional credit-clearing organizations can
exercise capital control functions similar to those that wiser nations imposed
when developing their economies through import substitution. The most famous
mutual-credit system, Switzerland's WIR, provides a rather extreme model for
this principle: once you buy into it, you are not permitted to cash out. On a
local level, this would force foreign investors to source components locally.
Less extreme but similar measures were applied by Taiwan, Japan, Singapore, and
South Korea in the 1950s and 1960s, when they restricted foreign companies'
repatriation of profits.
One of the "imports"
that local and regional governments can replace is credit itself. The
above-mentioned Asian countries did this too, keeping the banking industry
off-limits to foreign banks through government policy and informal cultural
barriers. On a regional or local level, and even without a local currency,
governments can replace exogenous credit by operating their own public banks.15
If we are to pay for credit, then shouldn't that payment stay in the local
economy? Today, state and local governments deposit tax proceeds with
multinational banks that lend it wherever they can profit the most; indeed, in
an era of banking consolidation they have little choice, as local banks have
merged into larger ones. State-owned banks, exemplified by the Bank of North
Dakota, can lend locally, finance local projects without having to issue
high-interest debt on the bond market, exercise a contracyclical effect by
lending during credit crunches, and keep banking profits local instead of
exporting them to Wall Street. Publicly owned banks needn't be driven by
profit, and any profits they do make can be returned to their owners, the
people, thus restoring the credit commons. These advantages pertain even in the
present monetary system.
On the national level,
public banking is little different from the power to issue currency, a power
that the United States (and most other countries) has abdicated and given to a
private institution, the Federal Reserve. But in theory, it could set up its
own bank and lend money to itself, essentially printing money at zero or
negative interest. Or it could bypass the banking system and create money
directly, as authorized by the Constitution and enacted during the Civil War.16
The currency proposals outlined in Chapter 11 would enable local governments to
do the same, issuing money "backed" by the bioregional commons under their
stewardship. Ultimately, political divisions may shift into greater conformity
with biological and cultural regions. Regional governments will have more
autonomy than they do today when they have the power to issue their own money.
The decision of how to
allocate capital on a large scale is more than an economic decision; it is a
social and political decision. Even in today's capitalist society, the largest
investment decisions are not always made on considerations of business profits.17
Putting a man on the moon, building a highway system, and maintaining armed
forces are all public investments that do not seek a positive return on
capital. In the private sector, though, bank profit determines the allocation
of capital, which is the allocation of human labor, creativity, and the riches
of the earth. What shall we, humanity, do on earth? This collective choice is a
commons that has been privatized and shall be restored to us all in a sacred
economy. That does not mean removing investment decisions from the private
sector, but rather changing the nature of credit so that money goes to those
who serve the social and ecological good.
The reclamation of the
credit commons will take many forms: P2P lending (described in the previous
chapter), mutual-credit systems, credit unions and other cooperative banks,
publicly owned banks, and innovative new kinds of banks such as Sweden's J.A.K.
Bank. In different ways, these systems return the power of money and credit to
the people, whether mediated through grass-roots P2P structures as in mutual-credit
systems, or through politically constituted institutions such as public banks.
And since political sovereignty is worth little in the absence of monetary
sovereignty, reasserting local, regional, and (in the case of small countries)
national control over credit is an important path toward the relocalization of
economy, culture, and life.
1. They are, however, exaggerated. Comparative advantage is
often a cover for hidden subsidies, and efficiency of scale is often a cover
for market leverage and bargaining power. An example of the former is the U.S.
sugar industry, beneficiary of both direct government subsidies and indirect
subsidies in the form of soil and water depletion, which allow it to undercut
producers in other countries. The indirect subsidies are especially pernicious,
because in essence they represent the competitive advantage of more efficient
drawdown of natural capital. If one producer grows crops sustainably and
another depletes aquifers and topsoil at no cost to himself to undercut the
first, he is in effect gaining a public subsidy. The measures described in this
book negate such subsidies. Internalizing the costs of depletion of the natural
commons negates subsidies from the natural commons, and ending future cash-flow
discounting deters producers from using the future to subsidize the present.
Both of these measures will make local production more economically viable.
2. Collom, "Community Currency in the United States," 1576.
3. For example, according to one study (Jacob, "The Social and Cultural Capital of
Community Currency"), users of one of the most successful local currencies,
Ithaca Hours, reported spending an average of only $350 per year worth of local
currency-and these users comprise a very small part of Ithaca's population.
4. The same study (Jacob,
"The Social and Cultural Capital of Community Currency") reports that users
tend to be well-educated, progressive, countercultural activists. Time banks
and some LETS systems are exceptions to this generalization; the former in
particular are well-suited to hospitals, elder care, and other underserved
populations. Another significant exception is commercial credit currencies such
as the WIR, discussed later in
this chapter.
5. C. J. Lee et al., The Development of Small and
Medium-Sized Enterprises in the Republic of China.
6. The informal mechanisms include business culture taboos
against foreign firms, interlocking boards of directors and family ties giving
preference to local firms, and unofficial government favoritism in awarding
contracts. From the outside, many of these mechanisms look like nepotism and
corruption, but they acted to preserve these countries' economic sovereignty.
Next time you read about corrupt foreign governments, take it with a grain of
salt.
7. On the other hand, the IRS's position is understandable:
without this requirement, people could use proxy currencies to avoid taxes.
Nonetheless, the tax system puts local and complementary currencies at a
distinct disadvantage.
8. In that case, the money supply would increase without
increasing the amount of goods and services (i.e., there would be more money
chasing fewer goods).
9. From "An Introduction to Time Banking" (anonymous post on).
10. Statistics from the International Reciprocal Trade
Association.
11. Stodder, "Reciprocal Exchange Networks," 14.
12. Ibid.
13. It might work quite well for nonscarce goods, such as
digital content. User ratings for YouTube videos and other online creations are
a kind of nonscarce currency.
14. See Community
Currency Magazine for cutting-edge discussions of this and related issues
in local currency and credit.
15. See the writings of Ellen Brown, author of Web of Debt, for a thorough argument in
favor of public banking. An article that observes the similarity between public
banks and mutual credit currencies is Brown's "Time for a New Theory of Money,"
available at.
16. Dennis Kucinich has recently revived the idea in H.R.
6550: National Emergency Employment Defense Act of 2010.
17. More and more, these political decisions are made in the
interests of business.
Image by Ancient Art, courtesy of Creative Commons license.
Facebook CommentsImages 1
— Submitted by Sarah Gordon
“Everything we have can be replaced,” said Lisa Kominos, right, whose East Berne home was damaged by a fire on Jan. 5 while she, her husband, left, and their daughter, Ella, center, were away. Sarah Gordon and friends are organizing a Jan. 23 fund-raiser at The Hofbrau restaurant on Warner’s Lake. “I just know how long it takes for those things to shake out, and how flustering it can be,” said Gordon. “I don’t want them to worry about money.”New day. New Daily Deals. Get them before they are gone!
Can't find what you're looking for? Shop all ink and toner cartridges by brand
New Customer ? Start Here.
New day. New Daily Deals. Get them before they are gone!
Item: 604580 Model: Q6611A
HP Color Laser brochure paper comes with glossy finish is ideal for short-run, full-color brochures, flyers and marketing collateral. Paper is compatible with all laser printers.
Compare with similar items
HP Tri fold Laser brochure paper measuring 8 1/2" x 11" comes with glossy finish for durability. Paper delivers image rich output ...
Glossy finish adds instant class and elgance to any document. Xerox® Glossy paper measuring 8 1/2" x 11" has glossy smooth ...
NewPage Futura 8 1/2" x 11" 80 lb Laser paper in white color has gloss finishing and is free from acid /alkaline Laser paper has ...
HP Color Laser brochure paper comes with matte finish is ideal for short run, full color brochures, flyers and marketing ...
Download the Staples® app
For iPad, iPhone and Android.
This Web site is intended for use by US residents only. See International Sites. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2014, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Palit GeForce GTX 670 Jetstream 2GB Review.
We've previously reviewed Palit's GTX 680 Jetstream 2GB back in April, and we found it to be an attractive choice for a high end enthusiast GPU, albeit it was in perpetual short supply. Shortly after, the launch of the cheaper GTX 670 changed the market dynamics. Although the lesser Kepler on the GTX 670 only had 87.5% of the number of SMX units than the fully-enabled GTX 680, real-world benchmarks and performance figures were much closer when both were matched matched clock-for-clock. In fact, factory overclocked cards like the one we have here today will give the GTX 680 and HD 7970/7970GHz (not GP compute scenarios though) a run for their money. After all, why pay more for intangible differences?
Palit has an ongoing promotion right now where you can win another identical card for SLI, by posting pictures of your rig in use.
Basic documentation/driver CD and accessories like a HDMI-DVI and DVI-Analog convertor are provided in the package.
Here at the I/O panel, we see the usual GTX 670/680 ports layout – full sized HDMI/DisplayPort and dual DVI (only one has dual link). In this picture, it is also clear to our viewers that the card takes up slightly more than two slots thanks to its over-sized cooler. This virtually rules out SLI on mATX setups.
At the back, we see that the GTX 670 Jetstream actually has a short-depth PCB like the reference model, although the power circuitry used here is different.
2005 Scion xA in Kansas City,<<
2006 Scion xA Base Used Cars in Merriam, KS 66202
Fair Deal
$312 BELOWInstant Market Value of $7,307
Price: $6,995
Mileage: 108,677
Location: Merriam, KS 66202
Average time on market: 23 days Certified Pre-Owned: No Transmission: 4-Speed Automatic Color: Stingray Metallic Description: Used 2006 Scion xA Base for sale - $6,995, 108,677.On the rocks along the waterfront in Reykjavik
I've been reading a lot about Reykjavik lately (ok, maybe just a post on The Hairpin about it), but it seems like the purrfect travel destination to me. I mean, who wouldn't want to float around the Blue Lagoon, experience the Northern Lights, and hang out in a charming city where the streets are lined with...cats?
Cat sitting on a cemetery wall in Reykjavik
Lisa recently wrote in to share her experience vacationing on the Nordic European island, and confirmed its feline-friendly status:
"When my husband and I travel, we always try to find at least one cat to photograph. In 2006, we honeymooned in Reykjavik, Iceland, and were AMAZED at the number of cats everywhere. (I've attached a photo I snapped of a cat sitting on a Reykjavik cemetery wall.) Cats are very popular! I've heard (though I don't know if this is accurate or not), at one point, it was illegal to own a dog in Iceland. As a result, cats became the default pet. Today, you can have a dog, but cats still remain very popular."
(It's unclear to me whether it was ever truly "illegal" to own a dog there, but certain breeds were banned and ownership laws were made very strict, thus discouraging dog ownership.)
There aren't any specific cat-themed tourist destinations to visit in Reykjavik (besides you know, the whole city), but while you're there, you'd be wise to stop by the Grai Kotturinn (''the grey cat'') for breakfast. You (probably) won't see any real kitties in the basement bookshop-cafe, but rumor has it they serve "fluffy Icelandic pancakes smothered in whipped cream and rhubarb jam" that are definitely worth the trip!
"Probably an upper class downtown cat, well fed, well breed, and with royal blood."
Cat napping in a tourist shop
Out for a stroll
Reykjavik is a city of cats
***
Know of any cat-themed travel destinations or have some cool kitty vacation pics you'd like to share? Email me at catsparella@gmail.com!
3 comments:
Hmm, do you know why the cats in the pictures all have that blue or red thing in their collar?
@Veronica Good question! I'll have to look into it!
absolutely beautiful post....the photos you chose capture the feel of iceland. if i had the money, i'd be on my way tomorrow!!@festivalbelia15 Aksi Kejuaraan Silat Puteri Putera Malaysia #FBP2015 #Festivalbelia - Sedang belangsung Kejuaraan Seni Silat 5x5 Piala Presiden 2015 di Zon Aktif, Dataran Gemilang Presint 4 (Zon Selatan Festival Belia Putrajaya 2015) #FBP201...
Saturday, March 2, 2013
8 Perisikan FIlipina Dakwa Anwar Dalang Krisis Pencerobohan Lahad Datu
Petik dari Phillipines Inquiry berikut:
Gov’t intel eyes 3 groups abetting Sulu sultan’s claim
Whether.
Labels: Anwar Ibrahim, Lahad Datu
8 comments:
Semoga Allah memberikan kesejahteraan pada pejuang2 Kesultanan Sulu dalam mempertahankan dan mengembalikan hak mereka.
Sabah adalah tetap hak Kesultanan Sulu. Malaysia mengambilnya dpd penjajah British. Asalnya perjanjian diantara penjajah British dgn Kerajaan Sulu, tetapi, penjajah British telah belot dan melanggar perjanjian. Mereka mengenepikan hak Kesultanan Sulu.
Kerajaan Malaysia sebenarnya tahu menganai hal ini. Sewajibnya Malaysia memulangkan pada hak empunyanya iaitu pada Kerajaan Sulu. Dan bukan terus berkeras mengakui Sabah adalh hak Malaysia.
Rujuklah catatan sejarah dan surat perjanjian antara penjajah British & Kesultanan Sulu yg masih di simpan oleh waris Kesultanan di sana. Anda akan tahu cerita sebenar.
Tidakkah kita malu pada Allah kelak kerana memiliki harta yang bukan milik kita sedangkan kita tahu empunyanya?
Tidakkah kita merasa malu pada Nabi kita di akhirat nanti, kerana masih cuba menegakkan benang yang basah sedangkan kita tahu itu sebenarnya bukan hak kita?
Tidak kah kita rasa perjuangan kita sia-sia mempertahankan hak yg bukan milik kita?
Semoga Allah memberikan petunjuk....
Lihatlah, setiap kali Najib dan gerombolannya membuat "onar" ada saja rakyat yang menjadi mangsanya.
Kes Altanthuya, 2 orang anggota polis yang menjadi kambing hitam. Mereka yang membuat angkara kes komisyen dlm kes kapal selam, tapi, 2 orang anggota polis yang menjadi mangsa. Begitulah juga kes di Lahat Datu, angkara kerakusan tanah yang dimainkan oleh gerombolan Umno dan tiada penyelessaian oleh Najib, maka 2 orang lagi anggota komando yang menjadi mangsa.
Pemimpin2 senang lenang yang membuat angkara, rakyat pula yang menjadi mangsanya.
APAKAH TIDAK SEDAR LAGI KITA SEMUA???
Sikit2 najib dan gerombolan..ANUwar dan gerombolan xde ke?bkn ke dh ada bukti sahih yg mengatakan ANUwar yg lakukan knp perlu tuding jari pd najib?perlu ke tuding jari najib padahal org lain punya angkara wlupun dh beserta dgn bukti?
Kerana tanah, pemimpin umno bersengketa.
Akhirnya rakyat bawahan yang menjadi kambing hitam.
Pemimpin yang bersengketa boleh senyum goyang telor di rumah.
MEMANG SIAL.
Ni berita dari luarlah apa kaitan dengan Najib pula? Bukannya berita ni boleh di kawal oleh gov malaysia mahupun akhbar pro pr. Diorang selidik dulu bru keluar kat akhbar sana.
Anwar pigi sabah kimpin di sana sini dia cakap itu amno korup makan duit rayat rampas tanah urang urang kampung tapi saya tingok dia anwar tiada karaja pun hidup sinang linang ada bas miwah helikopter rumah batu di sana sini amoi dia pun banyak.Panganggur miwah macam dia urang cakap ada duit bilion bilion.
Anonymous March 3,2013 at 4.51pm, Saya amat setuju dengan komen sdra tq banyak2.
Dunia sekarang ada undang-undang dan seluruh manusia hari ini telah pun mengenali undang-undang dan peraturan..jika kesultanan Sulu masih menganggap bahawa Sabah adalah tetap hak Kesultanan Sulu serta warisnya , mengapakah mereka tidak membuat tuntutan dgn menggunakan saluran yg betul ?..tuntut melalui undang2...mengapa mereka masih bermentaliti belantara dgn mengunakan senjata ...senjata bukan jalan penyelesaian sebaliknya menambahkan lagi kekeruhan.Akhirnya rundingan juga akan mengambil tempat utk mendapatkan penyelesaian .
Tidakkah kita merasa malu pada Allah kerana kita menolak jalan rundingan dalam mencari kata putus terhadap konflik tuntuan ke atas Sabah oleh pewaris sultan Sulu ?Deepika Padukone off to the US to attend a wedding
Deepika Padukone has been working round the clock since she debuted with Farah Khan’s ‘Om Shanti Om’. She is now tired and wanted a break and moreover she was hurt mentally as she broke up with her beau Ranbir Kapoor. Her hectic schedule and split-up with boyfriend brought her more close to her family. She has decided to spend time with family in spite of tight schedule and so now Deepika will head to the US to attend her cousin’s wedding.
In this way, she will get to spend quality time with her relatives as well as to get out of the past relationship. This news has been confirmed by Deepika herself and added that it is very important to make time for family even if one’s life is busy. After her debut film, Deepika stared in Bachna Ae Haseeno and Chandni Chowk To China and then Love Aaj Kal. She was also totally engrossed in other assignments.
She is currently working on Karthik Calling Karthik and Housefull.Late Friday night President Obama and Congressional leaders reached a deal that would avert a shutdown and fund the government for an additional week to allow time for both sides to work out a longer term funding bill that will fund the government through the end of September. Congress passed a week-long continuing resolution (CR) which includes $2 billion in cuts, all of which target transportation programs. The figure for cuts reached in the deal for the long-term bill is $38.5 billion (including the $2 billion in the two week CR).
While details have not yet been worked out, here is what we have heard from sources:
- Defense programs will receive a $4 billion increase, so the cut to domestic programs will be $42 billion.
- There will be a 0.1% across-the-board cut to all programs.
- Race to the Top will receive $700 million.
- The Pell maximum award of $5,550 was maintained.
In a statement released on Saturday, the White House said that “The two sides agreed to cut $13 billion from funding for programs at the Departments of Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services.” We do not know where those cuts will come from, but details are expected to be released sometime today.
The House is scheduled to vote on the long-term CR on Wednesday.
Tags: appropriations, budget, Congress, federal legislation, funding, postsecondary, race to the topLatest Rio Tinto Alcan Stories
Asia Pacific Automotive Aluminum Market Report 2015-2019 Alcoa, Aluminum Corporation of China, Rio Tinto Alcan & United Company RUSAL Dominating
2015-03-31 16:22:27
DUBLIN, Mar.
2014-10-29 12:24:00
DUBLIN, Oct.
2014-10-23 20:22:35
LONDON, Oct.
2014-06-05 16:28:41
Former President of Johnson & Johnson Consumer Healthcare to Lead Atrium's Accelerated Growth and Expansion Jacques Bougie Named Chairman; W.
Global High-purity Alumina Market 2014-2018 with Alcoa Inc., Orbite Aluminae, Sumitomo Chemicals Co., United Co. RUSAL Dominating
2014-05-09 08:22:50
DUBLIN, May 9, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets ()-03-06 16:22:56
DUBLIN, March 6, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets () has announced the addition of the "Top Five
Word of the Day
logocentrism
- The analysis of literature, focusing on the words and grammar to the exclusion of context or literary merit.
The word 'logocentrism' is a blend of logo- + centrism.
RelatedPick up the new issue of Ace, on stands now with the George Clooney, Michael Shannon coverstory. Between them, these two Lexington-born actors steal the holiday indie movie scene with Descendants, and Take Shelter. (Ace film critic Raj Ranade saw both when he covered the Toronto Film Festival earlier this Fall.)
On page 4, we revisit our 1998 Shelby Lee Adams coverstory, on the occasion of his new book’s Sunday New York Times feature. Here’s a look back.
The centerspread includes a sampling of photos from The Ace Eleven Project. On 11.11.11, we invited Ace readers to capture a moment in the life of Lexington, Kentucky — two actually — at 11 am and 11 pm (many readers were awarded extra points for 11:11 on 11.11.11).
In the back of the book, you’ll find Abby Laub’s overview of Lexington area cooking classes this holiday season, along with a glimpse of Azur’s Night-Before-Thanksgiving class with Chef Jeremy Ashby. Next is Chef Tom’s imaginative take on what to do After The Bird. Then Heather C. Watson’s hopes and dreams for Coach Calipari’s Wildcats this season.
And as always, there’s Ace Picks for the upcoming week’s gigs and events; Astrology; classifieds and more. Grab it.
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
Pingback: Nikky Finney wins National Book Award for Poetry | Ace Weekly
Pingback: The Ace Eleven Project: Lexington thinks global, shoots local | Ace WeeklyVoters in the town of Davie are poised to change their town charter, part of an every seven-year review that is performed by a citizens advisory panel.
The first 12 ballot initiatives are a culmination of the panel’s recommendations. The 13th ballot initiative is a non-binding question to gauge public interest in funding a school resource officer program for schools within the town boundaries. The Sun Sentinel Editorial Board has reviewed these initiatives and has made the following recommendations:
VOTE YES, Ballot Initiative I: This is a more of a housekeeping question, in which voters are asked to replace archaic and outdated language that is still in the charter. For example, the word “councilman” would be replaced with “councilmember.” It also clarifies a rule regarding the reporting date for the District Boundary Review Committee and allows advertisements and notices to be put on the town’s website.
VOTE YES, Ballot Initiative II: The question does two things. It gives the town council more flexibility in scheduling council meetings by removing the time, 7:30 p.m., from the charter, and it strikes the word “March” as the time of municipal elections, a change needed to make the charter consistent with Ballot Initiative X.
VOTE YES, Ballot Initiative III: Another housekeeping change that puts the charter more in compliance with both the federal and state constitution.
VOTE YES, Ballot Initative IV: Consistency is the goal here as the town administrator can appoint department heads, like the fire and police chiefs, without council ratification, except for the town clerk. The change would remove the ratification and treat the appointment of a town clerk like a normal administrative hire.
VOTE YES, Ballot Initiative V: The charter requires a surety bond for the performance of town employees, even though the town has insurance. The requirement is outdated and an affirmative vote here would strike that language from the charter.- The Plot In You
- Shirts
- Test Card Black "Sale! Final Print!"
$9
Test CardTC00BL-TSSAn evacuee’s perspective on the Waldo Canyon fire
By Marcos Santana
Guest commentary
Fourth of July had a quiet sound in Colorado Springs this year. No colorful booms in the night sky. No whistling novelties. For many of us, Fourth of July meant returning to our homes after a mass evacuation. For an unfortunate few, it was the heart-crushing realization that home was nothing more than a smoldering void.
But the charred hills remind me that Colorado Springs, while deprived of a fireworks spectacle, witnessed a greater light against the darkness that came knocking on June 26.
It was 3 p.m. and I had an hour left on my shift. My phone blinked, indicating a missed call and voice mail. My mother’s voice was panicked. She said our neighborhood was in pre-evacuation. She told me to get home get what I could, and prepare to be gone for a few days.
Working with a skeleton crew, I had little choice but to remain at my desk. The local news website had uploaded a color-coded map indicating the neighborhoods in pre-evacuation, and my street was in the bullseye of the shaded danger zone.
Just after 4:30 p.m., I pulled my car into the resident lot and witnessed my neighbors running from their front doors to the trunks of their cars, toting folders of documents, boxes of food, clothes still on hangers. “Mandatory evac,” says someone behind me. “We’ve got to go. Now.” I raced to get my keys in the lock and headed up to my apartment. Over my shoulder, about a half mile away, green hills receded from the flames. The black smoke erupted into the sky like vaporous lava. Leaving my keys in the door knob, I dashed to the edge of the street to snap a picture on my cellphone. It’s a visual rarity I know words will fail to describe later.
Being in my apartment, alone, was like a nightmare on the brink of awakening. My heart was pounding, my stomach ached. I felt disconnected but could hear shouting outside my blind-covered windows getting louder.
My heartbreak was in deciding what to leave behind. With only minutes before mandatory evacuation, I looked around my apartment: pictures of my smiling parents as teenagers? Books that provided refuge throughout the years? Gifts bestowed by ones I love? How could I decide what to risk losing?
An amplified voice echoed from the street: a police officer reminding people the evacuation was now
mandatory.
I feel superficial stuffing my bag with clothes and toiletries. Still, I make sure to clear time for some memories, some heart.
An hour later, my family and I sat in a parking lot, wondering where to sleep. The terrifying feeling of the unknown as the sun sets is not one I care to experience again in this or any life. The radio anchor mentioned a local university had opened their dorms to evacuees and their pets. When we arrived, I saw a dog, eyes darting, scared, as were his owners. I pondered in the crowded lobby just how many residents had become victims to the private hell of evacuation.
But as the phoenix resurrects from the ashes, so did Colorado Springs. For five days after the evacuation, I witnessed the city wrap itself around evacuees like a loyal mother. Police officers and firefighters battled the flames bravely, befriending the suddenly homeless compassionately. Salvation Army volunteers, some with only two hours of sleep, smiled and served warm meals to rumbling stomachs. Residents throughout the city who were still in their homes donated escape in the form of books and toys. The Red Cross literally offered shoulders for comfort. Boxes filled with essentials were abundantly offered at the YMCA and other relief centers. A local gym invited evacuees to enjoy free showers. I even heard of a woman who entered a bakery near the evacuation zone to buy cookies for postal workers overloaded with complaints.
Later, I discovered the woman had lost her home.
On July 1, most evacuees were allowed to re-enter their neighborhoods. The Fourth of July was hushed, but only from fireworks. Mowers whirred to life. Children ran through sprinklers. Patrons chatted on café patios. A dog, much like the frightened one I saw in the university lobby, drank happily from a bowl outside a firefighter’s house. We were not defeated by the silence. It was but a moment to ponder, a moment of resurrection.
Marcos Santana lives in Colorado Springs.
Article CommentsIn response to russgriswold's comment:
I have never witnessed any Bruins fan defend Jacobs to the hilt like you do. You have an excuse for everything, it's so sad. For the next 30 years, Jeremy Jacobs would go one to sabotage the Bruins and take advantage of the fans/customers, also not looking out for the best interest in winning.
Have you noticed you're the only one talking about the owner of the Bruins? The subject of our entire conversation is that you continue to pull things out of your behind and post them as factual.
And they aren't.
When busted (and this happens often), you go on some crazy rant about a completely different subject (see: Jacobs).
So, anyway, back to the discussion: If Orr's knees were shot by 1974, how did he win the scoring title, Most Outstanding Player as voted by the players and defenseman of the year for the '74-75 season?Published since 2008
John helps with the preservation effort of the John Coltrane home in Dix Hills, NY.
Book Reviews
One Way Out: The Inside History of the Allman Brothers Band
Profiles
Nick Waterhouse: In The Nick of Time
Extended Analysis
JD McPherson: Signs and Signifiers
Profiles
Roger Rosenberg: Baritone Madness
Extended Analysis
Eli "Paperboy" Reed & The True Loves: Roll With YouMore articles by John ColtelliThroughout the course of this season, every week we have brought you the county's leading scorers, rebounders and assist leaders in the county. Now, it's time to hear what you think.
With Hoops Heaven just around the corner, lets take a look at some of the top players in Morris County.
Sean Hoehn has led the county in scoring every week, is he the best scorer? Amir Allen, Zach Heeman and Sam McClellan have been some of the top rebounders, but who's the best?
Below you will find several categories. It works pretty simple: Cast your vote every day up until the polls close next Tuesday at 11:30pm. On Monday results will be hidden, then on Wednesday results revealed.
Aside from the weekly point scorers, rebounders and assist leaders, there are several other categories as well. Players may be up in more than one category.
PLEASE NOTE: This has no impact on The Ledger Honors released at the end of the season and is strictly a fan vote for YOU to voice YOUR opinion. Stats that are mentioned are calculated through Monday, Feb. 24, but not after.
Connor Hughes: chughes@njschoolsports.com Twitter:@92Hughes92"Let the little children come to me; do not stop them;
for it is to such as these that the kingdom of God belongs." - Mark 10:14b
"Let the little children come to me; do not stop them;
for it is to such as these that the kingdom of God belongs." - Mark 10:14b
Every child is indeed a gift from God.
Yet, none of us is born already knowing the story of Jesus.
Through story, nurture, and play, your child’s learning and spiritual formation begin in our nursery
and continue through every stage of child development at Westminster.
Birth through 4 years (Room 108)
Every Sunday morning of the year your “little children” are loved and nurtured by both an outstanding professional staff and volunteers in large, well-equipped rooms. Should your child need you, we provide you with a beeper so that we may easily locate you at any time.
Starting at age 2, during the worship hour, our youngest toddlers are introduced to Bible stories, singing, and praying, utilizing a simple, original curriculum, “First Lessons in Faith,” which includes activities and simple crafts. A snack is also served.
For more information about our Children's Ministries, contact Laurie Davis.BARCELONA, Spain--Nokia CEO Stephen Elop isn't shy about who he's going after with his
"Our focus is on competing with Android," Elop said during a keynote address at the Mobile World Congress show here today. "We want to bring them to Lumia."
Elop struck a bullish tone when talking about the opportunities with and excitement about the Windows Phone platform. Nokia and Microsoft have each made their bets that their combined heft will be able to lift the two out of their respective mobile slumps and allow each to regain relevancy in the smartphone business.
The carriers, which have seen Nokia's fuller product road map, are have expressed confidence about the prospects for Windows Phone, Elop said.
With Android so fragmented, Nokia has a chance to take market share away from various segments of the operating system. It's interesting that he didn't mention taking some of Research In Motion's business, which has seen its own share fall amid competition from Android and Apple.
Nokia faces significant challenges. The world's largest handset manufacturer took a hit with its brand and the perception that it can still deliver a quality phone. It has designs on big markets such as the U.S., where it has traditionally struggled. It also faces entrenched competitors in Apple and a slew of Android vendors.
Nokia recently reported that it had sold 1 million Lumia smartphones since its launch, a number some worried represented a slow start for the company. But Elop warned against comparing its early performance with that of an established platform like Android.
"We're starting from a base with Windows Phone," Elop said. "We have to build from there."
He added that the company is seeing steady growth, and that in the U.S., the
Nokia is focused on a "consistent pattern of breathtaking innovation," Elop said, adding that the company is also accelerating the pace of innovation and development.
The company has a chance to kick-start the adoption of Windows Phone with its newly unveiled
Elop said the Lumia 610 is also an ideal phone for first-time smartphone buyers.
HTC CEO Peter Chou, who made his keynote address before Elop and participated in a question-and-answer session with Elop and Foursquare CEO Dennis Crowley, said that while they're competitors, HTC and Nokia also have a common interest in nurturing the Microsoft ecosystem.
"I believe [Windows Phone] will catch up," Chou said, although he hedged a bit when asked if it would be on par with Android or iOS.
"I don't know," he said. "I'm not a fortune teller."
Hands on with the Nokia Lumia 610 (photos) See full gallery
He added it was too early to tell how the market share would be distributed between the three ecosystems.
Elop and Chou traded well-meaning jabs at each other because each debuted products with a focus on the camera. HTC
showed off its One X
a day before Mobile World Congress officially kicked off, and spent a significant portion of its presentation on its Image Sense feature and enhanced camera capabilities of the
A day later, Nokia unveiled the 808 PureView, a Symbian phone packing a 41-megapixel sensor.
It was a lighthearted rivalry that began at the Consumer Electronics Show last month, when Chou topped Elop's effort with its 16-megapixel camera phone.
"After I presented our phone, Stephen didn't say anything to me," Chou said, eliciting some chuckles from the audience. "After that, I knew he would come back."
Elop took some exception to the moderator's claim that most smartphones look alike, arguing that his Lumia 900 would stand out against the iPhone. Chou similarly said that industrial design had become an important way to stand out from the crowd.
"Design really does matter because of the sea of black and charcoal gray," Elop said. "Homogeneity is not good for consumers."As individuals prepare for their next trips abroad, it's important that expenses are planned ahead of time. Despite advances in technology that are enabling businesses to streamline processes related to booking flights and negotiating corporate housing rates, it's still difficult to account for the inordinate costs of in-flight amenities and unexpected data fees.
Things to think about when considering a trip abroad
Although airlines are typically accommodating of last-minute planning, The Huffington Post reported that rushing through trip arrangements can make the experience more expensive than it should be. Businesses that are sending employees abroad should account for the extra luxuries that are available during lengthy flights, such as alcohol and Wi-Fi connectivity.
Additionally, visas will be required for individuals who are not citizens of the destination countries. According to the source, the amount charged for these added fees changes from one nation to another, so it's important that decision-makers are bearing these costs in mind. Researching these rates is as simple as spending a few minutes looking for the average rates per flier on the country's corresponding consulate website.
For travelers who are anticipating long trips that will require serviced apartments and a fair amount of luggage, some attention should be paid to how much each airline will charge in baggage fees, as well. According to the source, there is some variety in weight and amount, and the algorithms that result in the final costs. In lieu of forfeiting a few favorite articles of clothing, travelers should spend some time looking up what it will cost them to bring along that extra pair of slacks and factor that into the list of expenses.
Keeping up with roaming charges
Macworld reported that one of the easiest ways to save when traveling abroad is to prepare for data roaming charges ahead of time. Most providers are capable of shutting down data features altogether by turning off certain settings, but for individuals who cannot go without complete access to their smartphones, the source suggested looking into international plans before takeoff. In addition to this, prepaid SIM cards, which let individuals connect to local data networks, are also inexpensive options for avoiding roaming charges.
To make the most out of a lengthy business trip, travelers should work with their companies to determine how to keep expenses down. By considering the above-mentioned strategies, long-term stays abroad will be cost-effective and stress free.Funny: Big Train
- "No way, I don't believe it, the guy is a wanker!"
. Obviously.
- Mark Heap clowning it up in the gymnastic tournament
, a simultaneous Shout-Out to The Chemical Brothers' Electrobank video.
- The Sir George Martin kidnapping sketch
, where despite everything he keeps on talking about The Beatles. "I never had a problem with Ringo's drumming".
- "Would anyone like to see my monkey impression?"This will be my third year of camp for kids ages 7 -12. I also have a monthly "horse club." Some of these kids are with me all year, some once a month, some returning for their 3rd year of camp.
Help!! I need something fresh and new for these sweet girls.
I plan to incorporate a field trip to a barn with a totally different discipline, I plan to incorporate teaching T-touch and some Tellington-Jones obstacle courses...I have done research and am looking through books, but also would like to pick your brains on the board.
We do riding, horsemanship, crafts - the hole enchilada.
Any ideas you are kind enough to pass on are appreciated (you helped me last year too!)
Thanks! (I charge $125.00 for 5 days a week, 9 - 2:00 including lunch) Didn't want anyone to think I'm getting rich off of your ideas
One thing that I did with home school kids who came
for lessons was to have the kids make their own "rosettes"
and then we awarded these at the end of the sessions
to class winners in our "horse show".
The rosettes were made from tissue paper made into
paper carnations in the colors of blue, red and yellow
(actually light blue, pink and almond). Then the flower
was attached to a piece of index card and a couple of
crepe paper streamers in the appropriate color were
stapled to hang down.
I find the kids find watching a farrier work to be quite
fascinating, especially kids who have never seen this
before. Parents are often fascinated by this as well.
I had my beginning college riders play beach ball polo,
played with water noodles for mallets and a goal made
by two traffic cones at each end of the riding ring. Two
forwards and two guards on each team. They also
played sponge tag where they tossed a sponge at each
other to tag a person. Not fair to hit the horse with
the sponge. If it missed, dismounted referee picked up
the sponge and gave it to "it" again.
Robin from Dancing Horse Hill
Elmwood, Wisconsin
Thanks for the great ideas Robin! Crafts and games - very much appreciated
When I had more lesson horses I did some camps, and I did theme camps. One was a jumping theme where campers learned about the different types of jumps and how to walk strides and build a course. They learned to jump if they were ready, and if not they did a 3" course . On the last day we had a competition where they had to make up the fastest way to get through a tiny course. Keeping with the theme we also learned to braid, clip and bathe. Painting a jump would have also been something to do.
The other theme was gymkhana camp; we played with pole bending, key hole, barrels and a made up game. On the last day we had a mock gymkhana competition. For related activities I had them decorate big cardboard barrels, they learned about different types of leg protection for the horses, and we did some of the other gymkhana games on foot.
Having people come in to talk to the kids can be fun and educational for them- farrier, vet, chiro, etc. Especially good if they can watch them work.
Horsey crafts- if it's in your budget: decorating saddle pads with puff paint and fabric markers, decorating brushes (with puff paint, acrylics or with magazines/mod podge), decorating halters (puff paint), painting horseshoes (spraypaint them first with black or white glossy paint then use acrylics, puffy paint, sequins, ribbons, etc).
Do an afternoon with fun grooming things like bathing, braiding, quarter marks, hoof polishing, and glitter. You can even make this into a little contest with the kids broken up into teams and given a certain amount of time to beautify a schoolie.
Do a lesson that uses different tack- western, bareback, sidesaddle, anything different from what you do. The campers can swap and feel what it's like to ride in different tack, and learn a little about the different disciplines.
A scavenger hunt is a fun way to help them meet each other and let some of the older/more experienced kids teach the newer ones. Put them in mixed teams and send them out to find farm equipment, identify tack, point out parts of the horse, answer horse questions, etc. You can also use this as a "show what you learned" at the end of camp and offer a prize like first pick of who to ride, or something along those lines..
Non-horsey summer things can be a fun break too, like a trip to a pool or setting up sprinklers or a slip 'n slide. On rainy days or quiet afternoons, watching an educational horse video or learning about tack can give younger campers a little rest and relax time.
I usually have my kids do people jumping...set a course of low crossrails, have the kids come up with their own courses then "canter" around the course.
I have a stethescope (sp?) and let the kids listen to heartbeat, show them how to measure horses (not sarah stetner style haha), and we have a great farrier that comes every wednesday to do a few horses, and he lets the kids watch (they decorate horseshoes on that day).
Teach about feed and let the kids set up feed for the next day (closely monitored and they don't touch the meds)
We have a saddle and bridle parts relay race..I teach the parts then set up a saddle and a bridle for each team across the property...each person gets handed a post-it with a part on it, they have to run to the saddle or bridle, put the post-it on the correct part, then run back and tag their teammate.
We also have a worksheet everyday when they come in...The first day they make and decorate a folder, then each day after that they get a sheet to fill out/color while we are waiting for everyone to get there. They have matching, part labeling, etc. That way they have something to take with them when they go.
One of their favorite things do to on a rainy day is to make their own barn. I give them a piece of paper with squares on it, then horses to color. The kids love coloring them in and naming each horse. Again, I only use this on rainy weeks when we cannot be outside and I have run out of indoor things to do.
For crafts we decorate horseshoes, sometimes I make cut out horses for them to paint (homemade playdoh that I cut out with a cookie cutter, then I let it dry out for a few days or bake it). We also take some sweetfeed/molasses/carrot shavings and make some horse treats. each kid puts them in a plastic bag and then at the end of the day we let them walk around and dump it into their favorite horse's bucket (no hand feeding! )
Cleaning stalls is another thing-but not really a good idea unless you have a week with older kids. They are never done properly, a lot of shavings are wasted, and you usually have to go and redo them anyway
My first summer camp gig had me give the kids a written test on Fridays (yes, I am being serious)...then I would bring the tests up to the house and the barn owner would grade them and give them back to me. I am not sure if I was being graded on my ability to teach, or if the kids were being graded. haha. Either way it was an interesting way to spend the last half an hour of summer camp on a Friday...
Edited to add We are Tues-Fri, 9-1 and charge $200- and they bring their own lunch
I WAS a proud member of the *I'm In My 20's and Hope to Be a Good Rider Someday* clique..but now I am 30!!!!!!!!!!!
My new blog about my Finger Lakes Finest:
She Ain't No Small Potato!
For crafts maybe tie dye? We did this a few years ago for riding club annual picnic. Everyone brought 1-2 items to dye. I did a square quilted english pad and an ear net for my horse, but you can do leads, tee shirts, quilts, etc. Maybe have an obstacle course(bombproofing) for horses. This can be negotiated leading horse or riding which ever the child is more comfortable with.
One exercise a past trainer had us do was what she called hunter pass. Single file riders in the arena at the walk. Person at the back of the line moves horse out of line and passes at a faster walk to the front of the line. Then walk and trot to front, trot extended trot to front and can even advance to cantering if the children's skill level is good enough.
Here are a few things we did last year. We learned about longeing by longeing each other (splint boots and bell boots fit on kid sized legs!) then trying it with our saintly pony. We did the standard breeds-colors-markings game - you can make it a scavenger hunt, with cards that say "who's the tobiano mare with two stockings?" or "which horse is a palomino Morgan with a snip, strip and star?" Have two groups create the clues for each other. We did a relay race with bits - collect every old junky bit you can find, put them in a big bucket, and the kids race down, grab a bit from the bucket, determine whether it's a snaffle or curb, run to the correct bucket, drop it in and race back to their line. Water relays are fun - each team has a sponge, a full bucket and an empty bucket. They have to get as much water from the full bucket to the empty bucket using only the sponge. We made a course of jumps and jumped them on foot. Find a vet tech to come talk about their job. We scored, because our feed coop has an outreach person who loves kids and who did a great presentation on feeds and feeding.
Braiding and driving didn't go over very well, and I was surprised. Boots and leg protection - they didn't have any context for it because they were mostly "camp riders" or at most, once/week lesson kids. Same with a lot of the first aid and horse health stuff. The two aspects that surprised me most about the group I had was how much they needed to RUN around and scream for a little while each day to blow off steam, and how little context they had outside their world of once/week lessons or one week/summer camp or elementary school horsey fiction. A lot of the pony club stuff I'd planned went over their heads.
I know from the pre-registrations that this year's group is younger and newer than last year's group, so I need to think about how basic I can make some of this stuff without boring the returning kids... wish me luck.
Our barn usually had some kind of arts and crafts available for the younger kids if they weren't interested in what everyone else was doing. Some activities I remember:
-horseless horse show
-help with feeding/turnout
-tack cleaning race, including full dismantling of bridle
-grooming challenge with white towel test
-anatomy (really fun if you can find horse-friendly paint)
-tour of local breeding farm
-watched trainer start a horse
-gymkhana style games if it wasn't too hot out
-watched Horsepower (animal planet series on big eq riders)
-"homework" summarizing old Practical Horseman articles
-scavenger hunt with both items and info (like which horse wears bar shoes)
-trip to see latest kid-friendly horse movie
"Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out." ~John Wooden
Phoenix Animal Rescue
Originally Posted by betsyk
Here are a few things we did last year. We learned about longeing by longeing each other (splint boots and bell boots fit on kid sized legs!) then trying it with our saintly pony.
The summer I taught the kids how to lunge and was able to sit down in the shade while they ran themselves ragged pretending to be this horse or that horse was one of the more successful ones. I wish we would have had more than one lunge line.
The instructor I was working for at the time was multidisciplinary with a Western Pleasure focus, so we also taught the kids how to rope buckets the last year I helped out. We made sure to set the ground rules of "only rope the buckets - if you rope any human or animal, you're going home," and the kids had a grand time with it.
Also very successful was a session of people-leading exercises. One human held the halter by the side rings on the noseband, and the other had the leadrope and was the leader. We encouraged the kids to pretend to be their favorite horse in the barn for one session, and for the other, we helpers were the horses. The latter was much more educational for the kids (They got to see exactly what they were doing wrong; my leader was most upset with me constantly moving closer until she realized that she was pulling on the lead all the time.); the former was probably more fun for them, and certainly more chance for them to burn off energy.
Originally Posted by betsyk
Braiding and driving didn't go over very well, and I was surprised.
For the crowd I was working with - similar sort of summer-camp-only kids, 7-14 - braiding didn't always go over well either. The boys seemed to think it was stupid, and the girls got in each other's way too much, since we really only had one demo horse. The only time driving went over well was when we had a helper who owned a POA with a cart and she could give them pony rides.
Thank you everyone for the great ideas! Some new twists on things I had done, but will be new for my kids. I really appreciate you all taking the time to share.
Yes betsyk - I needed new ideas for my kids too, didn't want to do the same ol' thing!
I have written down a bunch of your ideas everyone - again, thank you!
One thing I did when I was in 4H (and later used as a 4H leader/camp leader myself) was putting bridles together.
I would separate everyone into teams. If there were four teams, I'd get four bridles and assign one to each team. I let the team look over the bridle and then, while they were doing something else, I'd take the bridles completely apart, throw them in one big pile, and have them put the bridles back together (cleaning them too, of course!). The team who got their bridle together fastest (and clean, and of course correctly put together) won.
Forum RulesProfessor Simone Hochgreb
Professor of Experimental Combustion, Department of Engineering, University of Cambridge
Professor Simone Hochgreb's interests are in energy, combustion and the environment. Her current interests are on gas turbine combustion and pollutant formation, combustion instability, and high pressure combustion. She coordinates the experiments in the intermediate pressure combustion facility (IPCF), as well as experiments in thermoacoustics and stratified combustion.
She joined the University of Cambridge in 2002, prior to which she worked on internal combustion engines at MIT and Sandia National Labs in the USA. She is a fellow of the Royal Aeronautical Society, and the secretary of the Combustion Institute. She has long been interested in public policy, starting as from her MSc studies at Princeton with Bob Williams on co-generation from agricultural wastes in 1987. She has most recently served on a Royal Society-MP pairing scheme in 1996, with David Howarth, Lib Dem MP.
Website< Return to Product Page
Overall Rating:
Customer Reviews
Red Check Oval Decorative Labels
Overall Rating:
Customer Reviews
Red Check Oval Decorative Labels 3 3
Useful Freezer Labels These labels are handy for sticking on leftover containers that you pop in the freezer. They peel off easily and help you identify what's in your freezer. August 21, 2013
great labels I redid my craft room and wanted labels for my containers. this worked perfectly. I used my label maker with clear tape and they turned out great. May 6, 2012
Super cute stickers! I use these on my OXO pop storage containers in the kitchen and I absolutely love them. They are super cute and match the black, red and stainless steel theme that I have. March 11, 2012
1-3 of 3A team of international researchers has uncovered a mechanism by which plants are able to better defend themselves against disease-causing pathogens.
The work, led by Jurriaan Ton, Ph.D., and Estrella Luna, Ph.D., in crop protection because of undesirable side effects.
"We have found that the plant receptor binding BABA is an 'aspartyl tRNA synthetase' which we have called IBI1. This class of enzymes play a vital role in primary metabolism of all cells, but had never been linked to immune responses in plants,” Luna said.
“Binding of the chemical to this protein triggers a secondary function that 'primes' the plant immune system against future attacks by pests and diseases.
Ton added: “Plant immunity that is controlled by a single resistance gene, on which most conventional breeding programs are based, is comparably easy to overcome by a pathogen.
“By contrast, priming of multi-genic immunity by BABA is difficult to break, thus offering more durable crop protection.”
Oliver Berkowitz, Ph.D., a research associate in the ARC Centre for Excellence in Plant Energy Biology and the School of Plant Biology at the University of Western Australia was also involved in the research.
"Importantly, our study also revealed that the undesirable side effect of this vaccination, a reduction in growth, can be uncoupled from the beneficial immune reaction," Berkowitz said.
"Since plant immunisation by BABA is long-lasting, primed crops would require fewer applications of fungicides, thereby increasing sustainability of crop protection. Furthermore, immune priming boosts so-called 'multi-genic' resistance in plants.”
Although their research has been performed in a weed called 'Arabidopsis thaliana', the work horse of plant geneticists, the team is confident that their discovery can be used for the protection of crops from their enemies. Proof-of-concept experiments have already shown that BABA is detected in a similar manner by tomato plants.
The research, which has been published in the international journal Nature Chemical Biology, also involved scientists from the University Jaume I in Spain and Utrecht University in The Netherlands.Add elegance and enchantment behind your top table or civil ceremony with luxurious wedding backdrop drapes with twinkle LED Lights.
Our Starlight Back Drop Drapes:-
•are British made, from the highest quality fire retardant fabric.
•use LED twinkle lights and not sharp edged fibre optics.
•are completely free standing, using a sturdy framework that will not topple over the moment you brush against it.
•measures up to 7 metres by 3 metres and can be adjusted for set up’s in hotels, marquees, function rooms, hall, etc....Tomorrow i wil buy a domain for my minty blog so i can spread the word Mint and im not totally decided with domain name...though it has to be zonamint but...emm .com ? .net ? .org?
My favorites : zonamint.com and zonamint.net
What do you think ?
Its very important to me your opinion...here domains are not cheap..with the same money i can buy 13 Lt of Beer
Michael Vick dropped back to pass 59 times Sunday against the Browns, and on 14 of those occasions, or about 24 percent of the time, he took a hit.
Who was to blame on those plays?
Below is a breakdown of the 14 hits, followed by a player-by-player review of the offensive line after having re-watched the game.
Hit 1: Todd Herremans got beat by Juqua Parker around the edge. Parker reached around and dragged Vick to the ground. A flag could have been thrown since he made contact with Vick’s helmet. The Browns only rushed four on the play.
Hit 2: The Browns blitzed, sending six defenders at Vick. Herremans was initially blocking defensive tackle Ahtyba Rubin, but left to help running back Bryce Brown, who was in protection. Rubin and linebacker Craig Robertson shoved Vick to the ground.
Hit 3: This was a designed bootleg. Vick rolled to his left and couldn’t find a receiver. Linebacker L.J. Fort wasn’t fooled and tackled him out of bounds behind the line of scrimmage for a sack.
Hit 4: Former Eagle Dimitri Patterson came unblocked from the slot and hit Vick on his blind side as he let go of the football. The Browns sent five defenders on the play, but no one accounted for Patterson.
Hit 5: It looked like Jason Kelce was handing Rubin off to Danny Watkins, but Watkins left to help Brent Celek, who was blocking Jabaal Sheard. Rubin ran free up the middle and hit Vick as he completed a pass to DeSean Jackson. The Browns sent five defenders at Vick, but the Eagles had seven players (both tight ends) in to block. A clear breakdown in protection.
Hit 6: Evan Mathis got beat by defensive tackle Billy Winn, who grabbed a hold of Vick’s leg in the pocket. Instead of going down, Vick launched a dangerous throw that got just out of bounds near the 3-yard-line in Jeremy Maclin’s vicinity. By the time he got rid of the ball, two more defenders arrived to crush him. It was a four-man rush.
Hit 7: Vick took off and ran, which was a fine decision. He picked up 11 yards, but dove head-first, so Robertson was able to land on his lower back. Vick actually dove head-first twice on runs.
Hit 8: The Browns sent a linebacker and a safety off the left side, dropping the right defensive end into coverage. They only rushed five, and the Eagles had six blockers, but one defensive back came untouched. Vick spun away at first and looked for Celek on a tight end screen, but rushed his throw incomplete and was shoved to the ground. Tough to tell whether this one was on the quarterback or the line.
Hit 9: Initially, the Browns only rushed four. Emmanuel Stephens got past Celek and Herremans. King Dunlap had some trouble with Frostee Rucker on the other side. Safety T.J. Ward hung around the line of scrimmage, presumably waiting for Celek to release. When he saw Vick was trying to spin out of trouble, he attacked and sacked him.
Hit 10: The Eagles were trying to set up a screen, but safety Eric Hagg came unblocked on Vick’s front side and threw off the timing, hitting him as he threw incomplete.
Hit 11: Another zone blitz. The Browns sent a linebacker and the slot corner from Vick’s front side and dropped the left defensive end into coverage. Five rushers in all, but an overload to the offense’s left side. Ward came unblocked and drilled Vick as he let go of the football, incomplete to Celek.
Hit 12: The Browns rushed four. Rubin beat Watkins, who may have thought he was getting help from Kelce. Rubin flung Vick to the ground after he released the ball and earned a personal foul penalty.
Hit 13: Dunlap and Herremans both got beat off the edge. Vick decided to run, and since it was 3rd-and-10 with just over three minutes left and the Eagles down six, he wasn’t going to slide. He got hit by three Browns defenders, fumbled and nearly turned it over for a fifth time, before recovering the football.
Hit 14: On the final drive, Rubin started out at left defensive tackle, but looped outside. Herremans was probably supposed to pick him up, although LeSean McCoy could have helped too. Rubin came free and took Vick down as he threw incomplete to Maclin. It was just a four-man rush.
The player-by-player breakdown of the offensive line:
King Dunlap – He got the start at left tackle and had issues, although anyone pinning the protection problems all on Dunlap are off-base. He is no more at fault than the other four. Dunlap had trouble with Rucker off the edge on the first play from scrimmage and was called for holding in the quarter. He got beat by Stephens in the first, forcing Vick out of the pocket on the first interception. Later, it looked like he thought the play was over and he let up against Stephens, who got a hit on Vick. Both he and Herremans got beat on the same play on the final drive, forcing Vick to run. Dunlap did a poor job on a third-quarter McCoy run that lost 5 yards. It wasn’t all bad though. He was good in protection on Vick’s 28-yard completion to Celek in the third. He made a nice block on McCoy’s 7-yard run in the fourth. Dunlap did a good job in protection on Vick’s 11-yard completion to Celek. And again on the 46-yard completion to Maclin. Not a great game, but don’t know what the team’s other options are right now.
Evan Mathis – He was called for two penalties – holding and a false start – and also had a couple issues in protection. As I mentioned above, Mathis got beat by Winn on third down in the first. It would have been a sack, but Vick managed to get rid of the ball even though Winn had a hold of his leg. In the second half, Stephens looped in from right defensive end, and Mathis and Kelce were slow to pick him up as he got pressure up the middle. Excellent job by Mathis in protection on the 46-yard completion to Maclin. He also made some nice blocks at the second level in the run game. One on D’Qwell Jackson, allowing McCoy to pick up 7 yards on the final drive. And an earlier one on Jackson during a 9-yard McCoy run.
Jason Kelce – It was a mixed bag for Kelce. Hopefully, I can get his thoughts on the pre-snap phase when the Eagles return to practice Wednesday. Kelce had a bad snap in the second, but the fumble was recovered by McCoy. It looked like there was confusion between him and Watkins in the first. Kelce let Rubin go, but Watkins kicked outside to help Celek. Vick completed a 35-yard pass to DeSean Jackson, but took a big hit. Kelce was called for holding on McCoy’s 17-yard run in the second. Rubin looped inside and shoved him back into Vick, deflecting a pass in the third. And Kelce got pushed back on a McCoy run that lost 5 yards in the third. But overall, he was excellent as a run blocker. Kelce got to the second level and blocked D’Qwell Jackson on McCoy’s 22-yard run in the second. He did a good job on McCoy’s 6-yard run in the third. He got to the linebacker and helped spring McCoy for a 15-yard run in the fourth. He took care of D’Qwell Jackson on McCoy’s 7-yard run in the fourth. He blocked Jabaal Sheard on McCoy’s 13-yard run. And he held off Winn, creating a running lane for McCoy on his 7-yard run during the final drive. Kelce was a major part of the Eagles’ success in the run game.
Danny Watkins – Like everyone else, Watkins had issues in protection (mostly against Rubin), but made some nice blocks in the run game. He had trouble with Rubin in the first, as Vick was forced to leave the pocket and throw the ball away. He got beat by Rubin, who pressured Vick and helped force an incompletion on third down in the third quarter. Rubin went right around him in the third on another third down. Watkins got beat and was called for holding on a Vick third-quarter interception. He got beat on the final drive, but Rubin was called for roughing the passer. The results in the run game were better. Good block by Watkins on McCoy’s 9-yard run in the first. He got just enough of D’Qwell Jackson on the screen to McCoy that picked up 7 in the second. And he did an outstanding job on Rubin on McCoy’s 22-yard run in the second.
Todd Herremans – Not up to the standards we’ve come to expect from Herremans in protection, although he looked good on runs to the right side. Herremans had some trouble with Rubin, who looped outside and forced Vick to step up and throw incomplete on a third down in the second. He got beat around the edge by Parker, who dragged Vick down in the first. On the final drive, Herremans had some trouble with Parker, who pressured Vick as he completed an 8-yard pass. Parker got past him and hit Vick on the final drive as he completed a pass to Maclin. Rubin looped outside and got between Herremans and McCoy to hit Vick on the final drive. In the run game, Herremans made a good block on McCoy’s 9-yard gain in the first. He made a nice block on McCoy’s 22-yard run in the second. And again on McCoy’s 15-yard run in the fourth. My guess is you’re going to see a lot of runs to the right this season with no Jason Peters on the other side.
Follow Sheil Kapadia on Twitter and e-mail him at skapadia@phillymag.com.Notes
--> Australia powerplay 1: overs 1 to 10 (44/1)
--> Australia powerplay 2 (chosen by the fielding side): overs 16 (60/1) to 20 (75/2)
--> Australia powerplay 3 (chosen by the batting side): overs 36 (144/4) to 40 (175/5)
--> Pakistan powerplay 1: overs 1 to 10 (53/0)
--> Pakistan powerplay 2 (chosen by the fielding side): overs 16 (86/1) to 20 (124/1)
--> Pakistan powerplay 3 (chosen by the batting side): overs 36 (199/3) to 40 (225/3)
--> Australia innings: 50 in 12.1 overs
--> Australia innings: 100 in 27.1 overs
--> Australia innings: 150 in 36.1 overs
--> Australia innings: 200 in 43.2 overs
--> Pakistan innings: 50 in 8.5 overs
--> Pakistan innings: 100 in 16.6 overs
--> Pakistan innings: 150 in 24.5 overs
--> Pakistan innings: 200 in 35.3 overs
--> MEK Hussey 50 in 59 balls with 1 four and 2 sixes
--> MEK Hussey passed 12000 runs in ListA matches when he reached 38
--> Nasir Jamshed 50 in 58 balls with 6 fours and 1 six
--> Azhar Ali 50 in 71 balls with 4 fours
Over 22.6: Review by Australia (Batting), Umpire - NJ Llong, Batsman - MJ Clarke
Over 2.2: Review by Pakistan (Batting), Umpire - NJ Llong, Batsman - Nasir Jamshed
DA Warner (13) and MJ Clarke (29) added 50 in 79 balls for the Australia 2nd wicket
MEK Hussey (21) and GJ Bailey (31) added 50 in 57 balls for the Australia 5th wicket
MEK Hussey (19) and GJ Maxwell (28) added 50 in 39 balls for the Australia 6th wicket
Mohammad Hafeez (18) and Nasir Jamshed (31) added 50 in 53 balls for the Pakistan 1st wicket
Nasir Jamshed (38) and Azhar Ali (11) added 50 in 44 balls for the Pakistan 2nd wicket
Nasir Jamshed (65) and Azhar Ali (26) added 100 in 98 balls for the Pakistan 2nd wicket
Azhar Ali (19) and Misbah-ul-Haq (29) added 50 in 54 balls for the Pakistan 4th wicket
This page was created by the CricketArchive Oracles
LATEST SCORES
CURRENT EVENTS
View all Current Events CLICK HEREBusiness New platform transforms Excel spreadsheets into working web apps in minutes, automatically Image Credit: Craig Chew-Moulding November 13, 2013 10:02 AM John Koetsier 0 Karma. Anyone who has spent too much time in Excel spreadsheets needs some. Good karma, that is. The Karma Platform is a new way for small and medium-sized business to get out of Excel spreadsheets and onto the web, with data capture and data analysis available anywhere, anytime, while managed from a central location. “With a simple drag and drop, Karma turns your spreadsheets into fully-functioning applications,” Andras Kora, a Karma representative, says. The great thing about Excel spreadsheets is that they’re simple, quick to create, and cheap to make and share. But they’re also hard to keep track of, hard to share, and hard to keep current. Web apps are great for sharing and keeping data up-to-date, but they’re typically expensive to create, expensive to update, and not extremely flexible. Kora says his Budapest, Hungary-based startup is the solution. “Karma Platform makes your business API economy ready in 1 minute,” he says. “It also allows you to immediately adapt to the ever changing business needs and keep you agile. No code writing skills are required, use what you already know: the language of spreadsheets.” Creating an app is as simple as creating a spreadsheet, he says. Upload the spreadsheet to Karma, and the platform automatically creates an app that mirrors the business logic inherent in the spreadsheet, including calculated fields. Apps such as managing invoices or subscriptions, or a mini customer relationship management system, or perhaps a digital record of an organization’s digital devices for IT, are simple to create. Apps that require heavy multi-dimensional data, on the other hand, are not suitable. But the apps are more advanced than you might think: “We recently deployed a system for an energy trading company that supports deal capturing [and] managing market data and cash flow calculations on large amount of data,” Kora told me via email. Change management is easy … simply update the original spreadsheet with new rows and new calculations, and re-upload it to Karma. The system instantly updates the web app and makes it available on the web, optimized for desktop, tablet, or smartphone. Karma uses the Google Web Toolkit, J2EE, and can be implemented with multiple database options: MySQL, MS SQL, or Oracle. And even more powerfully, multiple spreadsheets can be joined to the same database, with fine-grained access rights to allow the right users access to the right data. In addition, Karma offers API access to integrate these apps to the rest of what your company might be doing — which essentially can take this solution into the realm of enterprise, as a large company could use this for simple, quick needs, while still integrating core data and apps into an overall corporate architecture. Karma Platform is currently still in beta but is already offering cloud-based services to companies for around $1/user/day, as well as larger solutions to enterprises at variable pricing. Karma recently tried its hand at an Indiegogo campaign but was unsuccessful in reaching its relatively-modest $25,000 goal. That’s most likely due to the fact that crowdfunding works best for things crowds are interested in … not business apps. But the platform is interesting and potentially extremely powerful for businesses. Perhaps we need a crowdfunding site for enterprise apps. VentureBeat’s VB Insight team is studying marketing and personalization... Chime in here, and we’ll share the results.Would You Take Woo-Ha Strengthening Classes?
My doctor hasn’t said anything yet, but based on my friends’ horror stories, I know better: I need to do Kegels exercises – you know, ‘squeezing’ my pelvic floor – throughout pregnancy. And afterwards. All the time.
And if I don’t, I will surely pee myself every time I sneeze.
But in France, it seems that women, their doctors, and the state government have a different attitude about Kegels entirely. In fact, the French government is so dead-set on women doing their Kegels that there’s an entire government program centered around the practice – known as la rééducation périnéale après accouchement (perineal retraining after childbirth), or la rééducation for short. Yes, really.
The reasons for la rééducation are complex, but there are several motivations: Kegels don’t merely prevent pee escapes and help keep women healthy; they also enable a woman to return to lovemaking faster. You know, so she can satisfy her husband and get pregnant again more quickly. Again – yes, really. French women, after all, have the highest birth rate in European (2.1 babies).
La rééducation has been paid for by French Social Security since 1985. Every French woman is entitled to ten free sessions, which involve “an extended course of vaginal gymnastics, complete with personal trainer, electric stimulation devices and computer games that reward particularly nimble squeezing” (as so eloquently put by this New York Times article). Afterwards, a woman’s doctor may recommend further sessions or even personal training sessions to strengthen the abdominal wall.
While one writer thought the process of la rééducation was ‘mortifying,’ a recent piece by Claire Lunberg on Slate.com was much more admiring of the practice. She wrote:
… Americans’ lack of attention to the female body after giving birth is our own version of the modesty gown or the word vajayjay; we’re covering our eyes and pretending there’s nothing there to see, until it can no longer be ignored.”
While there are no extensive studies on the effectiveness of la rééducation, Lumberg writes that smaller studies show that la rééducation “significantly reduces incontinence and pelvic pain at nine months after giving birth.”
My vote? I think it sounds awesome! I have an app on my iPhone called Kegel Camp and try to do it regularly, but I would be thrilled to receive 10 free Kegel sessions from my doctor – even if it was a bit embarrassing.
What about you? Would you go to free government-sponsored woo-ha strengths classes?
Photo: J.M. SchomburgI´ve been a long time absent with images due to the horrible weather conditions in north Germany. Fog, clouds and snow were the constant compagnions for november to first week of february. But last sunday I use the chance of seeing the stars again. After a sunny and cold day I travel to my observatory 50 mls. south-east of Hamburg. Sliding away the roof and have a look to the clouds at the horizon was one moment. The thin cloud region settled for 6 hours and one hour after midnight a strong dry wind from east wipe away the clouds.
I go for galaxies in the zenith, M 106 and M 51, good, if low fog appear.
See here M 106, 39 subs, 5h 10 min.
12"ACF, GEG f-6.5, modded 20Da at ISO 1600.
Processed: DSS, Fitswork, PS-CS6 (Neatimage, Astronomy Tools and Focal Blade)
See larger image:
Thank you for looking, comments are welcome: BrunoFebruary 16, 2001 4:35 PM PST
Music industry blames Net for some revenue woes
- Related Stories
Napster to add copy protectionFebruary 16, 2001
Napster's day in courtFebruary 12, 2001
Napster can play on, but threat loomsFebruary 12, 2001
FTC slams record labels on CD sales practicesMay 10, 2000
Shipments of singles fell by nearly 40 percent last year, after relatively flat growth in the two previous years, the Recording Industry Association of America said. Overall, CD sales were up slightly for the year, compared with 1999 sales, however.
The industry said the drop in singles sales was "principally brought on by new options provided by the Internet."
"There's no question these numbers are disappointing, but the future looks bright for the industry and consumers alike," RIAA Chief Executive Officer Hilary Rosen said in a statement. "I believe a road has been paved to enable a legitimate online music market to take hold and flourish. The appetite for music remains high and our member companies are poised to meet new demand."
The drop in singles sales, which account for less than one percent of the industry's revenues, doesn't amount to a scathing indictment of the effect of music-swapping services like Napster on the music industry, however.
Overall shipments of music to retailers lagged in the second half of the year, but the industry association attributed that in part to the slowing economy and consolidation among the large music outlets.
The recording industry has long argued that services like Napster, which allow unrestricted access to a huge library of free music, would ultimately cut into their record sales. To date, statistics have not yet backed this claim up, however. Sales of CDs have consistently grown, although not spectacularly, since the popularity of file-swapping services began exploding online.
One study did show that record sales near college campuses, where a high number of Napster users are concentrated, have fallen. But interpretations of those figures differed, as some experts said the decline could also be due in part to college students buying their music online.
Rosen has also said that actual sales figures don't matter, however. The industry's arguments against Napster and similar services rest on the copyright owners' and artists' rights to control their own work, not on the economic effects of piracy, she has said.
In the course of the year, the industry posted revenues of $14.2 billion, down nearly 2 percent from 1999. Contributing to the decline were also drops in the numbers of vinyl records and singles, cassettes albums, music videos, and an almost total disappearance of the cassette single.
Revenues from CDs rose by just over 3 percent, despite the end of minimum pricing plans that had triggered antitrust investigations from federal and state regulators.Lee Gallagher Signs With Prospect and makes début on Feb 28th
Share the post  bronze in addition to a Scottish and a Senior Western district title.
As an amateur, the Light Middleweight fought out of the Forgewood ABC, where he will continue to train and under the guidance of Jim Love and is currently sharing a training camp with former Commonwealth Title challenger Mitch Prince.
Delighted by his latest signing, Promoter Paul Graham discusses his new signing “Lee has been on my radar for a while, so to finally get him on our books is a bit of a coup for Prospect. He had a decent amateur career, and if he can continue that form into his pro career he certainly could make his mark.
He adds “We have brought up Jason McArdle up who has two fights on his record, so its an evenly matched fight for a début. I have been keeping tabs on his training camp and he seems to be flying in his training in the run up to February 28th. With his style and ability to bang I think Lee could be a real crowd pleaser and will make a fantastic addition to any bill he is on.
Lee Gallagher v Jason McArdle is part of a 12 fight bumper card called “Lock Stock and Twelve Smoking Fights” which takes place at the Ravenscraig Sports Facility on Friday February 28th 2014.
Headlined by Iain Butcher, the show will also see the professional début of JP McGuinness, Ryan Love and Shayan Rahmat. Returning to action is Rhys Pagan, Scott Edgar, Martin McCord and Billy Campbell.
Sean Watson, David Drummond, Michael McGurk and Matthew McAllister also feature on the card, while the line up is completed by former Commonwealth title challenger Mitch Prince completes the line up.
Tickets are priced at £30 and £50 and available from the fighters directly or by calling 01698 338 888 where Credit/ Debit Cards are accepted. Further details on @ProspectBoxing on Twitter, andyou are viewing a single comment's thread.
ole-teddy I agree with you there... and I am a Gooner. The way some Utd fans have turned on Fergie when it is obvious he lacks previous funds is sickening. Ditto some Arsenal fans not getting a new stadium meant a few lean years.Yan Wong changed the thumbnail image of "File:Kitomott tobzoska.jpg".
Yan Wong changed the thumbnail image of "File:PholidotusAfricanusWolf.jpg".
Kari Pihlaviita added the Finnish common name "Isomuurahaiskäpy" to "Manis gigantea Illiger, 1815".
Bob Corrigan commented on "":
We could really use a photo for the Giant Ground Pangolin. Perhaps one from the Behring Family Hall of Mammals at NMN!Category:Articles that reference I Dated a Robot
From The Infosphere, the Futurama Wiki
A list of articles that use the Et template or the Net template to reference "I Dated a Robot".
Pages in category "Articles that reference I Dated a Robot"
The following 17 pages are in this category, out of 17 total.Click on this Picture to see the BIG Picture.
And, NOW Click on this PICTURE below to see the
BIGGER Picture.
And, NOW Click on this PICTURE below to see the
BIGGER Picture.
Just to follow-up on this story, the City Council Public Hearing on this "Zoning Change" from Retail (yes, a gas drilling site was zoned as "Retail" when any amount of common sense says it should have been "Zoned" as "Industrial") was conducted on April 15, 2014 and ended with a VOTE to Table.
The SECOND Public Hearing on this Zoning Change will occur tonight, May 20th, 2014, 6:30 PM at Grand Prairie, TX City Hall.
Here's the Agenda for Tonight's Meeting (See Item 37 on Page 9 of the Agenda Below):
A Public Meeting was conducted on May 8th at the Betty Warmack Library on Bardin Road.
We learned from that meeting:
- NO Soil or Groundwater Testing will be conducted for this land that was used for shale gas mining operations beginning in 2010. "City staff" told us that the city would have to pay $60,000 for that and, of course, that's too much!!
- In addition, we were told at that meeting that Disclosure will NOT be required for any developer who builds new "Homes" or "Anything" on this damaged land.
Really??
It's not over, 'til it's over. AND Just to make it perfectly clear, the Westchester Gasette is your source for reporting Barnett Shale bizarro, irresponsible and potentially deadly decision-making by North Texas city leaders and their city managers.
Amen.
Doesn't a church own that land? Aren't there scriptures that speak about covering up sin?
Instead of covering it up with homes, why not erect statues of Aubrey McClendon and Dick Cheney lest our children's children forget our shale misery.
Yes, apparently the land was purchased by a church called Westchester Community Church several years ago. But then they didn't build on the land due to their inability to adhere to the Westchester community's building standards at that time. Then they leased the surface land to Chesapeake for gas drilling. And then the Gates of He** opened up around 2010. It's been a long slog and not over, yet.
If you will notice, we have struck through "perfed and "fracked" in the above google map (with added labels) for the Corn Valley Drilling Site. The RRC in Kilgore told us they couldn't be 100% certain because prior to February 1, 2012 (the Fracking Disclosure Law passed in the 2011 Texas legislative session), there were no requirements for the operators to provide fracking dates to our state's regulatory agency.
There are no tanks or separators or any other infrastructure on the pad site. The well was flared in early March 2011 for several days. There was never a sales (gas gathering) pipeline. The City of Grand Prairie tells us they believe Well 1H was perfed and fracked. So, if that's the case, then we will need to correct the above map. When the state doesn't even know if a well was fracked, then that alone defines the issue for shale gas development in North Texas. Little is known although many see themselves as expert on the topic ~ particularly our cities.Cape Cod Genealogical Society
c/o Nancy Daniels
10 Mary Road
Eastham, MA 02642
Melissa Speckhardt from Burgebrach, Germany researches her American ancestors on the Library's new computer recently while visiting her grandparents in West Harwich, MA.The Library's two desktop computers provide free access to the major online genealogy-related databases, including Ancestry.com, HeritageQuest, World Vital Records, and New England Historic and Genealogical Society. More databases are in the works, according to Brenda Hayes, CCGS Library Program Director. See the complete list of available databases.Super 8 Fernley
No availability found through our partners. Please contact the business directly or check some of our recommended alternatives.
- " src="" alt="Comfort Suites" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Best Western Fernley Inn" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="America's Best Value Inn & Suites" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Comfort Inn" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Holiday Inn Express Fallon" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="BEST WESTERN Fallon Inn & Suites" class="accom_photo">
How has this hotel rated in the past?
Location
Travelers also recommend:
TripAdvisor Reviews Super 8 Fernley
Travel Blogs from Fernley
Day 46: Comfort, Oregon, and Reno
Yesterday, I mentioned how comfortable I was being in a familiar place. So comfortable in fact, that I woke up knowing a sad fact: I had to move on. It's hard to leave Bend, but at least I can take solace knowing I will be back soon! As I was getting ready this morning, thinking about where to go next, I decided to take a chance. My brother and Dad are on the mainland for the weekend, so off to Vegas I go! I texted everyone, got some lunch with Levi
...
Getting closer to home ... but it's ugly out here
After a quick Belgium waffle and a chat with some folks from WI (Cheese Heads) who were elk hunting in WY. Hunter said this was the 1st year in 13 years that he didn't get an elk. Hunter: "12 out of 13 isn’t bad." Nice folks (surprised the hunter’s wife was wearing tie dye pants … reminded me of Santa Cruz!). Remembered this AM that an old guy (75 years old?) in a red truck pulled in last night and walked in with his hunting ...
Recipe - Blue Cheese Dressing
... taught her the blue cheese recipe. When I got older and liked blue cheese dressing, I would say “Oh that is so good!” and so every time I went she’d make it. She only did it for salad when I was there. You have to have the Worcestershire sauce and you do that to where you have ...
Recipe - Cabbage Rolls
... make them but left the brining step out and just not make sauerkraut out of the cabbage, just make them, and they’re good that way too. I liked them even as a kid. There are so many different recipes because all of the European countries had their own version of cabbage rolls. My dad cooked a lot. I’m not sure this why this recipe sticks out from all the other recipes from my childhood. We used to have it every Christmas Eve; it wasn’t something ...Cyclist
Arrest Made In Coral Gables Fatal Hit & Run
Police have made an arrest in a hit and run that killed a bicyclist.
Critical Mass Set To Take The Streets Friday
Another month has come and gone. Following tradition, Critical Mass is set for Friday–the last Friday of the first month of 2015.
Cyclist Alleges Officer Tackled Him During Critical Mass Ride
A Fort Lauderdale Critical Mass cyclists claims police used excessive force against him during Friday night’s ride.
Driver In Deadly Rickenbacker Causeway Bicycle Crash Pleads Guilty
The Miami driver involved in a hit-and-run case with a cyclist on the Rickenbacker Causeway pleaded guilty with no plea deal.
Bike Safety Modifications Coming To Rickenbacker Causeway
Bicyclists on the Rickenbacker Causeway will soon have a safer place to ride thanks to some modifications made by road crews next week.
ME Confirms Cyclist Died From Hit & Run Injuries
Fl
Florida Laws to abide by when encountering cyclists
Ride Of Silence Honors Cyclist Killed On Rickenbacker
Hundreds of people called attention to the death of South Florida Cyclist by taking part in a ride of silence.If you have an oily skin and you suffer from problems of acne, you will end up suffering immensely because not only does your skin itch and burn, but the embarrassment that it causes is massive too. However, if you take the right care and you use the best face wash, you can be hopeful of getting rid of acne. Here are the 10 best face washes for oily & acne prone skin –
10. Patanjali Saundarya face wash
Made from natural ingredients like neem, tulsi and aloe vera, it helps in removing excess oil from your skin and will therefore come in handy in curing your acne issues. It is a product made by famous yoga specialist Baba Ram Dev and is phenomenally popular.
9. Cetaphil’s daily facial cleanser
It is a mild solution and comes in handy for all those who have oily and sensitive skin. Make it a point not to wear any make up when you are applying this face wash. The reason is that this face wash will fail to have its effect if you are wearing make up. It is one of the best choices for those who have extremely sensitive skin. The mild solution will clean off the excess oil and help in curing acne.
8. Kaya skin clinic soothing cleansing gel
Kaya is one of the biggest names in India in the field of beauty. The presence of vitamin B3 and Zinc Lactate helps in treating acne and also cures the problem of dark spots. It is an extremely effective product and has a cosmetic value too. It can also come in handy for removing makeup as well.
7. Ducray Keracnyl foaming gel
Glycolic acid and zinc salicylate are two of the top ingredients that are present in this foaming gel. Marketed in India by Abbot Healthcare, it is one of the most effective applications.. It is little harsh on the skin but the presence of these chemicals makes it extremely effective in dealing with problems of acne.
6. Oriyanna face wash
Those girls who are suffering from the problem of excessive generation of sebum should make it a point to use this face wash. It makes rich use of olive oil and it helps in removing the extra dirt from your skin; giving it a cleansed and clear look.
5. Aloe Veda avocado and wild rose face wash
Aloe vera, vitamin E and rose essentials are primary ingredients. It makes use of natural ingredients which can help in cleaning all the pores present on your skin. Those who have an extremely oily skin can benefit immensely from the use of this product.
4. Neutrogena oil free acne wash
Neutrogena is one of the recommended and preferred names in the field of beauty products. This oil free acne wash can come in handy for helping those who are suffering from acne troubles. It contains 2% salicylic acid. Some people find it problematic to use face washes containing salicylic acid because it leads to pus in the pimples that can leave a scar. Face wash containing glycolic acid is a better replacement.
3. Clean and clear foaming facial wash
Clean and clear face wash is one of the best products for those who want an effective and an economical solution. It is an effective product in cleaning your face and can wipe off the excess oil. However, it is not suited for those who have acute acne infections. It contains a lot of natural ingredients like aloe vera and even neem and tulsi extracts to help you in getting the right glow.
2. Proactiv renewing cleanser.
1. Body shop’s face wash
Body shop is one of the biggest beauty brands and it makes use of tea tree oil. Apart from curing acne, this face wash can help in treating black heads, dark spots and other facial problems as well. It also cuts down the oily secretion too.
These are the top ten face washes available in the Indian market that can help you in treating acne issues.
Also Read – 10 Amazing Homemade Facial Kits for Oily Skin Here- Tickets >
- Concerts Tickets >
- Country / Folk Tickets >
- Blake Shelton Tickets >
- Blake Shelton, Easton Corbin & Jana Kramer September 07 Tickets
Blake Shelton - Get yours Today!
Our mission is to sell Blake Shelton Concerts September tickets, plus tickets for First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre, Thompson Boling Arena and Mesa Amphitheatre shows as well as tickets for all Massachusetts hot performances.You can consider us your premier site where to get Blake Shelton September th and where to reserve seats for Auburn Performing Arts Center, AT&T Stadium and Route 91 Harvest Festival Grounds music venues or even Xfinity Center hot concerts with a chance of paying less.If you are looking for concert Blake Shelton Concerts September 07 tickets or interested in tickets for Xfinity Center concerts events including Kristian Bush, Old Dominion and Nikki Lane concerts, then you've arrived to the right place.
Upcomming Blake Shelton events :
- July Miranda Lambert & Blake Shelton tickets
- July Craven Country Jamboree - 4 Day Pass tickets
- Blake Shelton Concerts July 10
- Cheyenne Frontier Days: Blake Shelton Cheyenne Cheyenne Frontier Days tickets
Related Blake Shelton events:
- Blake Shelton Comcast Center tickets 2013
- Blake Shelton tickets Mansfield 2013
- Mansfield tickets concerts
- Comcast Center events 2013Talk:Catherine II of Russia Catherine II of Russia. --Antiquary 18:39, 25 May 2009 (UTC)
- I am one of the people who love the why of things.
- I beg you take courage; the brave soul can mend even disaster.
- Me, I shall be an autocrat: that is my trade; and The Good God will forgive me: that is His.
- Moi, je serai autocrate: c'est mon metier; Et le Bon Dieu me pardonnnera: c'est son metier.
- If Russians knew how to read, they would write me off
- In my position you have to read when you want to write and to talk when you would like to read.
- Men make love more intensely at 20, but make love better, however, at 30.ELATED parents and students are today celebrating news that the State Government will at last rebuild Timboon P-12 School.
Speaking to hundreds of students and teachers this morning, Polwarth MP Terry Mulder announced the government would commit $5.2 million to demolish and replace aging classrooms in the coming state budget.
"There are buildings here that have to be demolished and moved away. It's been a long campaign but it's been delivered in our first term of government," Mr Mulder said.
"It's a great outcome, but it was needed."
The announcement comes less than a year after WorkSafe investigators closed the school following the discovery of asbestos.
An emotional Timboon P-12 School principal Rosalie Moorfield said it had been a tireless campaign by the community.
"This is just such a significant day for our school community. It's been a lot of hard work and a lot of years trying to present a case for a rebuild. $5.2 million today is just going to make such a huge difference to our school environment," Ms Moorfield said.
"Most of our primary students will be in new classrooms, it means significant new buildings for our secondary students as well.
"It just brings our school up to 21st century learning."
s.mccomish@fairfaxmedia.com.auHistorical Version(s) - view previous versions of standard
More B09.03 Standards Related Products Standard References Find Labs
Significance and Use
This test method is useful to both suppliers and users of powders, as outlined in 1.1 and 1.2, in determining particle size distribution for product specifications, manufacturing control, development, and research.. m.Equation 1 --06R11
ASTM International is a member of CrossRef.
Citation Format
ASTM B761-06(2011), Standard Test Method for Particle Size Distribution of Metal Powders and Related Compounds by X-Ray Monitoring of Gravity Sedimentation, ASTM International, West Conshohocken, PA, 2011, to Top4801 Central Ave,
Cheyenne, WY 82009
Bar/Grill 307-638-3700
Golf Shop - Tee Times
Golf Information 307-637-6418
The Airport Golf Club is a private, non-profit organization that oversees the social functions, local golf tournaments, college scholarships and contributions sponsored by the organization and it's members. The "club" operates a grill and bar for the convenience and patronage of it's members and guests. Although the Airport Golf Club is a private club, it is open to new members and serves the public golf course of the same name. You do not have to be a golfer to enjoy the benefits of membership. This site has all of the information related to the Airport Golf Club and all of it's activities. Thank you for your interest!
Airport Golf Club Board of Directors Linda Green, Airport Golf Club Manager
Mike Lepore, PGA - Head Golf Professional
Brandon Booth, President Ron Conard, CGCS - Director of Golf, City of Cheyenne
Michele Lucero, Vice President
Frank Newman, Tournament Chair
Milt Poteet, House Chair
Jan Booth, Secretary/Treasurer
Website powered by Network Solutions®.
- billybadass thinks "Jon Stewart To News Media: “Go ..." is Win
-.
- billybadass thinks "Peach Pork Chops" is Nom
- billybadass thinks "Ceviche Tostados " is Nom
- billybadass thinks "Cinnamon Apple Sandwich Cookies" is Nom
- billybadass thinks "Shrimp 'n Grits" is Nom
- billybadass thinks "Nutella Crêpe Cake" is Nom
-.
billybadass is a BuzzFeed user and their posts have not been vetted or endorsed by BuzzFeed's editorial staff. BuzzFeed Community is a place where anyone can post awesome lists and creations. Learn more or post your buzz!
- 0
- 58
- 33
- 0Posted by a client
I had worked with different lawyers prior to working with him and was thoroughly impressed with his expertise. He had the experience to know when my expectations were unrealistic, but was actually able to get me more than I was hoping for in my divorce. He won't mislead you about your options, which was something I really appreciated, because he didn't waste my time & money on things that wouldn't have mattered anyway. My cousin's friend is a judge that works with him, & he said he's one of the best.
Posted by Jamie Davis
Mr. Marek completed my divorce for me. He was definitely thorough in his job. He even thought of things that would affect me that I never would have thought of or cared about. I would make sure to hire him for anything else. I know he does criminal work, but have not used him for that. He dealt with my ex-husband and his representation
Posted by a Divorce client
I hired Mr. Marek about one year ago. What a hugh mistake. He will not return calls, I left him 12 messages in 15 days before he called me back. He screwed up most everything on my case. It was really unbelivable what a terrible job he did. He was unorganized, lazy, and was just plain unprofessional. Do yourself a favor and hire anyone but Mr. Marek.
Posted by a Divorce client
He seems to know his stuff, but he is very disorganized and his answering machine says he'll call you back within 24hrs. Thats laughable! It's been 2weeks and I still haven't heard back from him! I am currently going through an amicable divorce and everything was agreed upon between my ex and myself, however, Mr. Marek did not seem to approve of our choices and took the liberty of the drawing up the papers how he saw fit. When this was brought to his attention he did alter the papers after much disagreement on his part. And of course I was charged for him to re-do the papers. My experience with Mr. Marek was less than professional to say the least.Wed.
Camper Van toured early last year, performing Fleetwood Mac's Tusk in its entirety. But Lowery's 2003 return to the recording studio was with Cracker to record the brilliant Countrysides, the promotion of which appears to be the impetus for the current conglomerate tour. It's all very confusing, but in the end, it'll be well worth the trip.GRILLED: Kaitlyn Farrington, from Sun Valley to Sochi
Growing up on the slopes of Sun Valley, Idaho, Kaitlyn Farrington has managed to spin and stomp her way to the top of the leader board in women’s snowboarding. From winning the Euro X Games to carving untracked powder every chance she gets, Farrington rides for the love of it, and this stoke, matched with the drive and desire to push the boundaries of what’s possible in the pipe, has helped her become one the the top female riders in the game.
Kaitlyn is among the legions of riders currently looking up at that shining Olympic star and gunning for a spot on the team. With pure talent and raw passion stashed securely in her back pocket— and an Olympic size pipe built by Sun Valley to help her train — Kaitlyn’s aspirations are anything but far-fetched.
Kaitlyn Farrington, ladies and gents.
Where did you learn to snowboard?
My mom taught me to snowboard on Baldy Mountain in Sun Valley, Idaho when I was about 11.
When did you realize it could become a career?
When I was 17 I realized that I could make snowboarding my job. I got 4th in the Tamarack Grand Prix and thats when I think I realized I could hang with the top girls.
Which rider(s) inspire you most?
I think I am inspired by every rider, everybody I feel brings something different to the table. Thats what keeps snowboarding progressing as well I believe.
Highlight of your career thus far…
I think winning Euro X Games was my biggest highlight. It had been a tough time for me because I hadn’t made any Pro podiums in my career, so I was starting to get down on myself. Winning that event revamped my confidence for moving forward in my career.
Describe your perfect day on snow…
UNTRACKED POWDER ALL DAY LONG! Doesn’t matter where, just bottomless!
Is your mentality going into competitions any different given that it is an Olympic year?
I think for me I am just trying to stay healthy so I can hopefully make the Olympic Team.
How has your training been revamped to prepare for the games?
I have been spending some quality time down in New Zealand to prepare and make sure I am feeling confident going into this season.
What do you think of Sun Valley building an Olympic size pipe? How does this effect/enhance your training?
It awesome that Sun Valley has stepped up and built a 22′ pipe. It now allows me to have the option to go home and ride. I had to move out to Salt Lake City just because there wasn’t a pipe.
Any particular tricks you’re hoping to nail this season?
Last season I learned back 10’s and so this season I am hoping to perfect the trick in the middle of my run.
Olympics aside, which competition are you most stoked for?
I’m really looking forward to Dew Tour, it’s always so fun and a great way to start out the season. Not to mention it falls so close to my birthday!
Any competition superstitions?
Nope, I try not to believe in superstitions because then I get superstitious about my superstitions!
Any plans to step away from competitions and start filming in the future?
I would definitely like to step away from competing but I’ve heard filming is a lot of work… I just want to be able to free ride and forget about all the stress.
What is the scariest/ craziest moment you’ve had snowboarding?!
Why snowboarding? Why this lifestyle?
I just loved to snowboard and happened to be good at it when I was younger. I used to think I was going to the Olympics for swimming and that was my dream. ha
In one word, how does snowboarding make you feel?
Ecstatic!Exclusive Excerpt from the Book ‘Open Wound’
, Dr. Jason Karlawish’s marvelous new book traces the peculiar career of 19th century clinician-turned-scientist Dr. William Beaumont, who became a scientific one-hit-wonder by exploiting the body of the man who’s life he saved. Abigail Zuger writes in her review of the book in Tuesday’s New York Times:
Over the next few decades, the two danced around each other in an extraordinary display of mutual dependence, hostility, loyalty, guilt, gratitude and greed. Who owed whom, and how much? Where did the moral right lie? With the doctor, who had saved St. Martin’s life, supported him financially for years, and aimed to benefit all of humanity with his investigations? Or with St. Martin, a hopeless alcoholic but still a free man with the right to walk away, as he repeatedly did?
Ultimately, in perhaps the only such document to link doctor and patient until today’s informed consents for research subjects, a legal contract was drawn up between them, the patient promising to “serve, abide and continue,” and the doctor promising reasonable compensation. It worked, for a little while.
Dr. Karlawish, a physician and medical ethicist at the University of Pennsylvania, is well attuned to the overtones of his compelling story, from the graphic examples of the principles of autonomy and beneficence to the clear parallels between the rough American frontier and the primitive state of medical research. His Beaumont is a true tragic hero, an unpedigreed nobody determined to succeed on his own merits, yet undermined by exactly that determination.
Beaumont, always growing hungrier for more wealth and more prestige, personifies the best and worst aspects of American ambition and power.
The excerpt below takes place at the moment when Dr. Beaumont, a dedicated clinician, first recognizes the value of his patient’s wound to medical science and also to his career. On this day, Doctor Beaumont would begin his transformation from doctor to researcher, to employer, to entrepreneur, while Alexis would suffer his parallel transformation from patient, to subject, to employee, to object.
Excerpt from Open Wound: The Tragic Obsession of Dr. William Beaumont
Part I – The Taker Made Mad
By early October, three months after the shooting, summer was fast vanishing. Days were shorter but the light brighter, as if the sun were burning more intensely in a futile gesture to stall the onset of winter. The agents from the American Fur Company, and the American soldiers and their officers prepared Mackinac Island for the interminable months of frozen isolation. The brigades of voyageurs and Indians dismantled their tent and lean-to village along the lake shore and embarked in their bateaux and canoes and paddled north to Canada or south to the Michigan Territory to take shelter in the pine and hardwood forests of the mainland. The white children returned to school.
Alexis’ days had settled into a routine which began when Beaumont stepped into the infirmary of the ramshackle hospital carrying his basket of medical supplies.
“Good morning Alexis.”
He smiled as he watched Alexis yawn and rub the mount of his palms against his eyes.
“Good evening mon Doctor Beaumont.” Alexis laughed. “Good morning. Morning.” His accented English ran hard on the d’s, swallowed the r’s.
Still sore from his wound, Alexis lay flat upon his back, gathered his nightshirt under his armpits, then folded over the thin blanket to reveal his abdomen swaddled with the bandages Beaumont had applied the previous evening. Beaumont took care to wrap the bandages tightly around Alexis’ torso from his breasts to his navel. To keep them in place, he passed a final wrapping like a Sam Browne belt, across his right shoulder. The bandages themselves revealed the progress of the wound’s healing. It had been at least four weeks since the outer layer showed the ruddy stain of discharge.
As usual, Alexis gazed straight up at the ceiling, waiting patiently, blinking. “Madame Beaumont, she is well?”
“She’s well. Quite well.”
Alexis nodded and smiled. “Little Sarah?”
“Very well, thank you. They wish you well too. Now please Alexis, if you could just lie still as usual.”
Beside Alexis’ cot Beaumont placed the simple brown wicker basket that held bandage rolls, his surgeon’s pocket kit and a bottle of diluted muriatic acid he had gathered from the supply room. He sat on the edge of the bed, just inches from Alexis. The bed frame creaked as it always did.
Beaumont took his surgeon’s kit from the basket, unrolled it on the mattress, took up his jack knife and set to work methodically cutting away the dressings. Someone whistled as he passed close to Alexis’ window, and Beaumont hummed a few bars of that tune. He found himself tapping his foot to the timing of the blacksmith’s hammer.
He folded away the sliced bandages to reveal a wad of carefully packed bandages the size of a tea saucer. The skin around the wound was still inflamed but no longer grossly purple. It blanched under the gentle press of Beaumont’s thumb. He had not bled Alexis in over eight weeks.
He began to peel away the lint packing and with that packing now removed, the pink ruggated puckering of the inner lining of stomach bloomed through the wound like some large rose. Alexis coughed and the bloom expanded, glistening and covered with a limpid fluid, uniformly spreading over its whole surface and trickling to the edges of the wound. Beaumont gazed upon this display for some moments, then he applied three fingers of gentle pressure to the center of the bloom and it slowly depressed into the blackness of the space that was Alexis’ stomach. An amazing sight each time he witnessed it.
Beaumont folded a clean lint bandage into a square, soaked this with muriatic acid and began to wipe the edges of the wound and the track where once Alexis had a fifth rib. In time, Beaumont thought, all in time, this wound will close and I will have a case worthy of the Medical Recorder.
Alexis coughed again. A bit of meat, chewed, but unmistakably meat, popped out from the aperture and onto the bandages and a slow trickle of gastric juice flowed out from the lower margin of the wound.
Beaumont picked up the meat and inspected it. He had instructed Alexis to keep an empty stomach to prevent just such soiling of the wound during morning dressing changes. Now he held in his hand the evidence that Alexis had stolen a meal some time in the early morning hours. He was disobedient to be sure, yet this clandestine meal also was another sign of his slow, but now certain recovery.
Alexis laughed and muttered in French. Beaumont had seen food in just this state before. There was nothing unique about this morning and this piece of meat.
As he held the partly digested bit of meat between his thumb and forefinger and gazed at the wound, two facts came together for him. He felt as he did that morning some ten years past when he first stepped into his assigned hospital tent at the camp in Plattsburgh. Or when taking calls as apprentice to Dr. Chandler. It was the same sense in his guts and rush of blood to his head as when he was a boy jumping from the barn’s rafters into the hay pile.
For weeks he had observed that the hole into Alexis’ stomach gave off no odor or other evidence of putrefaction. Perhaps the cavity did not work as he had been taught, like a barrel to churn and ferment food, but in some other and, it seemed, more elegant manner. The action of the muriatic acid with which he painted the wound to cleanse it and stimulate healing was the same as the action of the stomach upon this piece of salt pork. The action was like a solvent upon the flesh, a solvent that affected a steady dissolution of the tissues. The stomach was perhaps not as he and so many of his colleagues had thought it to be some grinding bag or fermenting vat. It was some manner of chemistry, like an alchemist’s trick that made flesh disappear.
On this morning, an idea kindled not reason’s ordered plans, but desire laid to make the taker mad.
Alexis was his patient, of course, but he could be something else too. Beaumont could not conjure that proper word but whatever the word, on this morning he realized that this man, this wound, was his window to discovery.
Wondrous discoveries. Discoveries of the secrets of digestion and diet that would rival the work of the famous Parisian physicians. There wasn’t another proper doctor within hundreds of miles, a situation not only conducive to a steady and good income but now there was also the discovery of this treasure. It was his and it was simply waiting to be explored and written into a book. It was like the vast western lands that President Jefferson purchased and Captains Lewis and Clark charted and from which the American Fur Company extracted profits. The unknown was waiting to be known, and once known, rewards would follow. Promotion to Surgeon secured, election to medical societies. He would erase the humility of his medical training as an apprentice and the condescension of the medical college graduates. His reputation would be solid and preserved for posthumous time.
He shook his head like a drinker who’d swallowed more than his fill.
I am a doctor, not a scientist, he thought. This was work he had no sense of how to do, where to begin or how to finish before the wound fully healed and sealed its secrets. How would he convince Deborah of the worth of this sacrifice of time and their family’s money? And if it was ever done, whatever it really was, he had no idea how to sell it. The idea was swallowed bait, a folly even.
“God-damn,” he muttered.
Alexis grew concerned.
“What is it? Is there problem? A type of what you call, what you call, pains. Oui?” His smile had vanished.
Beaumont tried to calm his patient. He began to quickly wrap the bandages into a wad.
“Nothing’s wrong, Alexis. Nothing at all. You’re doing well. Truly, yes, all is well.” He reached out and embraced Alexis. He smiled as best he could. “You’re the very model of recovery.”
Alexis wrinkled his brow, then relaxed and returned his doctor’s smile like a moon reflecting the light of its sun but ignorant of the nature of fire that kindled that illuminating light. He spoke in unusually clear English.
“No, my Doctor Beaumont, I am your miracle.”
To learn more, visit and.
By clicking and submitting a comment I acknowledge the Science Progress Privacy Policy and agree to the Science Progress Terms of Use. I understand that my comments are also being governed by Facebook's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.Luxury Villa Italy
The classy destination Italy can simply offer it all; high mountains in the Aosta Valley, Piedmont and South Tyrol, gentle hills in Tuscany, Umbria and the “green heart” of Italy, sunny beaches, turquoise-coloured sea, historical treasures, cities and places full of culture and history, local festivals, magnificent cuisine and excellent wine. Even the vegetation in Italy with its palm and lemon trees, oleander, olive trees and cypresses is marvellous; just imagine the picturesque scenery of Tuscany!
>>IMAGE.
What counts for the Italian cuisine counts for its wine. A good Barolo has to come from the vineyards in the North, Vernaccia has to have its origins in San Gimignano in Tuscany. Italy is an excellent example of the harmony between people and the sea. You will enjoy the Mediterranean feeling everywhere; here, you will unwind in the fresh air, seated on the terrace or the balcony of your holiday home, relaxing by the pool, on the beach or inland.
Thanks to our luxury villas with every imaginable comfort, their cultivated atmosphere, swimming pool and beautiful and large garden with its own seating arrangements, it will be easy for you to enjoy your holiday to the fullest.- Columns
- Community
- Current News
- Education
- Entertainment
- Featured
- Print Edition
Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone
August 14th, 2014 by Temple City Tribune
On Sunday, August 10, at approximately 11:40 A.M., a theft occurred from the Din Tai Fung restaurant, located at 1108 S. Baldwin Avenue in the City of Arcadia. The victim entered the restroom with her two small children and placed her purse on a table. The victim left the restroom and accidentally left her purse behind. The suspect entered the restroom shortly thereafter and quickly exited with the victim’s Chanel purse, which contained $8,000.00 in U.S. currency, a cell phone and miscellaneous personal property. The suspect was described as a female Asian, 20-25 years of age, slim build, with long dark colored hair, wearing a sleeveless dark colored top and a floral print skirt.
A male subject associated with the female suspect exited the restaurant shortly after the female suspect exited with the victim’s purse. The male subject is described as a male Asian with dark colored hair, wearing a horizontal striped blue and white colored short sleeved shirt and blue jeans.
Anyone with information on this incident is encouraged to contact the Arcadia Police Department at (626) 574-5151, case #14-3992. If you prefer to provide information ANONYMOUSLY, you may call “Crime Stoppers” by dialing 800-222-TIPS (8477), texting the letters TIPLA plus your tip to CRIMES (274637), or using the tip web page at Los Angeles Regional Crime Stoppers.Bones
Amir Ardjomand Hessabi
Advisor: Walter Potter
The “Bones” project started during my research in the summer of 2013. The original idea came from the movie Real Steel, in which a robot has the ability to shadow a human character’s movements. The objective of this King project is to manipulate and redesign a robot arm to be able to move an entire biology skeleton and have the robot mirror a human’s movements. Xbox Kinect gives us a series of input information that can be used to move different servos and motors on the robot. Over the summer, I created the shoulder, elbow and wrist joints that are able to move without help of the muscle system that the human body has.
In this project, the main challenge is to create a joint system for the robot, with muscles replaced by wires, computers and servos. The combination of several programs running on different computers will all interface with the Kinect system. Paola Subacchi
The G20 Is Finally Taking Gender Equality Seriously
Gender-inclusive growth is an area where even modern countries with high living standards and well-educated populations don’t score as well as one would expect.Mon 27 AprilDelicious Weight Loss Formula: Hydroxycut Gummies
Want to lose weight? If you have already taken some pills and are facing hard time due to this then the time has come to get out of those tough times. A well reputed weight loss formula is now in your hand and that is Hydroxycut gummies, it is a medically approved and great weight loss formula. More interesting thing to note is that it is not bitter in taste or even it does not have a taste like other weight loss supplement. It tastes very delicious compared to other weight loss supplements and is also very easy to take. After the wide responses from all over the world it can be said that it has became one of those most recognized brands that are leading the weight loss industry for many years.
Why it is best to use?
The ingredients that it includes are clinically proven and these components help to lower down the BMI of your body successfully without giving any side effect. If you maintain a diet then this Hydroxycut gummies can be a great addition to this. It will assist you to keep you in the track of your existing diet or exercise schedules. There are lots of weight loss formulas available in the market today but why this is a unique one? The product manufacturers have understood the set of mind of the users, thus making a research on the diets of the people they have introduced an easy solution to weight loss. Weight loss has become a new fashion for the people today. They have realized that body fat is very harmful and lead to serious health problems also. That is why this company have taken an advanced step towards the weight loss using numerous solutions to make this extraordinary weight loss supplement. Unlike the other weight loss formulas, it truly cares for your health and gives a fruitful result that you have always desired.
Chief Ingredients:
The Hydroxycut gummies naturally improves your rate of energy. The chief ingredients of this effectual weight loss solution are lady’s mantle extract, komijn extract, wild olive extract, and wild mint extract. They all come in blended form that works to cut down the rate of the BMI to give a fruitful weight loss result. The research has revealed the fact that the key components of this solution in pro clinical form can lose weight at an average of 16.50 Ibs to 1.73 Ibs in the placebo group. All the groups of the components come with the calorie reduced formula that is an effective one.
How to use?
In order to get the effective result, you have to read the manual very carefully. There you will find all the instructions regarding the usage. Following the instructions properly can give you best results. It is prescribed that you should take two gummies 30 minutes before the meals. Do not take this after dinner or between the meals. It is important to state here that taking more than two gummies in 4- 6 hour period can take create a harmful effect to your health, so you have to be very careful in this regard. For the best results use the Hydroxycut gummies 8 to 12 weeks along with the calorie concentrated diet and good exercises. Don’t forget to drink 8 to 10 glasses of water per day. Read the entire manual and follow the instructions to have the best result. Make your diet delicious with Hydroxycut gummies.
Speak Your MindSpark People
SparkPeople is the largest free weight loss community on the web.
- Established: 2001
- Founder: Chris Downie
- Headquarters: Cincinnati, Ohio
- Accessibility: Online, book
- Diet Type: Free online weight loss community; low-calorie, low-fat, increased exercise
- Gender: Male, female
Check-out the new book by SparkPeople CEO Chris Downie, The Spark.
SparkPeople is a community. SparkPeople is a health site. SparkPeople is a fully-developed free diet plan. It incorporates a lifestyle-change approach to healthy living. It bases its nutritional components upon the food pyramid and its diet plan on the premise that you must take in less calories than you expend, in order to lose weight.
SparkPeople does not simply provide a one-line synopsis of what dieting should or shouldn't look like. Instead, it guides you through a four-stage program that you initiate and sustain through education, group support and motivation. All this is done online via a community that exchanges information through forums, shared recipes and stories of success or failure, from people who are navigating through the same journey as yourself.
SparkPeople began in 2001 as a goal-setting site. When it became apparent that nearly all of the contributors and community members shared the goals of wanting sound nutrition, fitness and healthy lifestyles, they flung themselves full-heartedly into providing the best information about health that they could find. This lead to a full-scale discussion about the kinds of dieting programs that consistently produced results. What they came to believe, after all the study and input was complete, is that there is no magic bullet when it comes to living healthy. Being healthy is about both daily and lifetime choices. The site that exists today is a collaborative effort and attracts nearly two million users. In 2006, SparkPeople was ranked as the 6th most visited site in the "Health and Medical-Wellbeing" category and 3rd amongst diet sites. Spark's mission is about creating support that translates into success and "sparks" the desire to pass "lessons learned" to others.
- Providing our body with a total fitness regimen, including all the nutrients that a diet rich in variety can provide
- Provides exercise/fitness support
- Emotional support
- Complete four-step plan and educational tools to make each step understandable.
- Forums and support modules on-site to help direct and support each member's efforts.
- Email reminders that help you remain true to goals, or offer alternative methods when life gets in the way.
- Diagnostic tools for determining Base Metabolic Rate (BMR), age, weight, etc., which take into account the time frame you desire to reach your goal and help devise a weight-loss plan, accordingly.
- Thousands of user-suggested recipes and comments from those who tried them
- FREE. The plan, the support and the community remain one of the few free weight loss regimines in the world.
- May be more information than you can digest at one sitting
There are several tools available to help you eat a healthier diet. Spark members have access to Spark Recipes which offers over 200,000 different recipes. The web site also includes a calorie counter and meal plans. The beauty of the information available through Spark is that everything is free. When you are documenting your meals, there are thousands of common foods to choose from in the database. Meal plans can be printed out and you can also print your grocery list directly from the meals you will be eating each week. If there are any foods you don’t like that are showing up in your meal plan, you can simply remove them. Below is the sample day of eating with a Spark meal plan:
- Breakfast: Yogurt with fresh peaches; wheat bran muffin; tea
- Lunch: Spinach salad with cheese, shrimp and strawberries; roll; tea
- Dinner: Chickpeas and spinach with feta; roll; banana
- Snack: Bean dip with salsa; carrots
In October 2011, Chef Meg Galvin authored The Sparkpeople Cookbook for the popular weight loss brand. It includes hundreds of healthy, satisfying recipes that serve as healthier versions of some of America's favorite foods.
A sampling of the recipes can be found here at DietsInReview.com:
Roasted Pork Tenderloin with Mustard Dill Sauce
Dark Chocolate Angel Food Cake
Quinoa-Flaxseed Pizza Dough
-
-
Exercise is a focal point with the SparkPeople community. Incorporating some fitness acivities will help lead you to a healthier life. It will also help you reach your weight loss goals faster. Once you sign up, you will answer some questions about your current workouts and your goals. This helps create your workout schedule which will consist of cardio and strength training exercises. Each day you log in, the site will tell you how much cardio or strength training you should do that day. There is a tutorial for how to work with the exercise component. If at any time the workout schedule you have doesn’t work you can easily change your options. You are in complete control of how long you workout, what days include certain exercises and what specific exercises you do. On your cardio workout days, the system tells you how many calories you need to burn. How you burn them is completely up to you. Some of the suggested cardio exercises include:
- Walking
- Running
- Various house chores
- Aerobics
- Cycling
- Circuit training
- Hiking
The SparkPeople fitness database offers a wide selection of workout activities to choose from. Once you’ve selected your activity, you type in how long you worked out and save your calorie burn to your SparkPeople profile. The process is the same whether you are recording cardio or strength training time. SparkPeople offers several demonstration photos and videos to help you maintain proper form in your workouts. Members can talk to each other on the various SparkPeople message boards for inspiration or help in finding the proper workout.
The Internet now affords us neighborhood meetings from the comfort of our own home. For those brave enough to enter even one discussion group, the opportunities for growth are limitless. The SparkPeople have filled an enormous need by bringing some of the best information they can provide to the general site, and then, by offering varied groups of people at differing stages of the journey, who can share, encourage and enjoy one another. Spark is most likely for that person who is willing to take personal responsibility for their progress, while enjoying the obviously well-intentioned input of others who have met and overcome their own hurdles. By sharing what works and doesn't work among one another, no task seems nearly as daunting.
Spark People, Spart People, Spark Diet, Sperk People, Spark Peeple, the spark
Featured Diets
Related Diets: Bite Log, Calorie Balance Diet, The Biggest Loser At Home Program, Thinjoy, The Spark, FitDay, Weight by Date
User Feedback(Page 1 of 4, 78 total comments)
Jeni
I've only in the last week started using it, but one of the things I have always struggled with is meal planning. Tracking what I eat is good and all, but the nutrition tracker actually prefills your days with meals according to your goals. This is the silver bullet.posted Jan 3rd, 2015 4:20 pm
In addition, it allows you to exchange food and meal you don't like for ones that do. In one hour, I was able to plan all my meals for a week, take into account feeding a family of 3, and generate a shopping list. I can also print out my meals and stick it on the refrigerator for easy reference. That has greatly reduced my frustration.
In addition, they have the Spark*D program for diabetics. The nutrition goals are in line for those of us fighting diabetes.
Mel Fouch
This is a really helpful site, and I like the fact you can take a s much or as little form it as you feel you need.posted Jun 3rd, 2012 7:29 pm
You can use it simply to log food eaten and exercise taken, or you can make us of the wide variety of articles, exercise videos (courtesy of the excellent Coach Nicole), message boards, Teams etc.
Above all I appreciate the really common-sense approach it takes. It's not a faddy diet that might get the weight off but won't help you keep it off. It's a way to permanently improve what and how you eat and so improve your overall health.
dawn
This is a great way to track food & exercise & read tons of information!!posted Mar 30th, 2012 5:15 pm
Brenda B.
I have been a member off and on for a couple years, I have not had a great deal of success, but that is due to me not the site, sparkpeople is great and offers a wonderful assortment of tools. You have to be ready for it like any other part of your life.posted Jan 5th, 2012 7:31 pm
Vicky D
Sparkpeople is amazing!!!!! So much wonderful info, great ways to connect with other people and FREE!!!posted Oct 26th, 2011 12:25 pm
pamschwetz
II found sparkpeople on Sept 19 and immediately started their calorie counting diet plan. Just weighed myself yesterday, Oct 4 and have already lost 10 pounds. I want to lose over 100 more pounds and believe I can do it following their calorie counting plan. Highly recommend it.posted Oct 5th, 2011 7:38 am
Emmy
I've been using it for 3 months, and i haven't lost any weight. HOWEVER, i feel better and have more confidence in myself, and i've been making better food choices by learning what has what in it, and what are better options.posted Jun 26th, 2011 8:50 pm
Mytime001
I LOVE SP; been on this site for 3 months now and have lost 17 lbs and have so much more energy, postive outlook, self esteem. true, the website is loaded. I started with the book, which was a great way to get started. The only way to lasting change is taking personal responsiblity. the fact that there are no "magic pills" or " pre-packaged foods" is a plus, not a minus. those things are ways to evade reality and a source of revenue for the producers..guaranteeing that you'll be back again to spend your money. This site is free. all it takes is your determination and committment to your own self. When those flag, lots of tools and community support to get you going. It is an inner as well as outer change.posted Apr 9th, 2011 10:39 am
Lisa
I've been a member of SP for five years and cannot say enough positive about it! It can be overwhelming at first, since the site is so extensive and varied, but if you just stick to one tool at a time (start with the nutrition tracker, for example) you will be so thrilled with the usefulness and FREEness of sparkpeople.com!! I lost 30 lbs using the tools and menus here. While I occassionally gain back 5 or 6 lbs here and there, the tools, trackers, articles, threads, recipes, and teams help and motivate me to get RIGHT BACK on it, so that the creeping 5 can get lost again. I love SP! SPREAD THE SPARK!posted Jan 8th, 2011 7:33 pm
kitkat
It is great...just need to start the new year off right for 2011posted Jan 1st, 2011 4:47 pm
Dennis
I've been with SparkPeople for a year now. I've lost over 40 pounds from my overall 290 pounds and am far more active, definitely am aware of what I'm eating and how much I'm consuming, participate in about 30 minutes of core, upper and lower body exercises accordingly daily (exercises I can do anywhere...no expensive equipment, etc.) I personally walk over 10,000 steps daily and I'm feeling so much healthier than I have in a long, long time. It's a lifestyle change, not necessarily a diet. The "plan" holds you accountable, provides you with tools, with ideas, with encouragement but expects you to hold yourself accountable and expects you to make it happen at your own pace.posted Nov 28th, 2010 5:56 pm
Personally, I love it. It saved my life. I was on it before and loved it then... lost 40 plus pounds but things happened in my life re: loss of family members, etc. and I just went into a depressed state and fell off the lifestyle several years ago. I rejoined last October when I was bumping 300 pounds. I'm down to 245 now and am still losing as I go.
Again, this lifestyle saved my life. I'm not hyping it for you, I'm just telling you what it's done for me... and others I know.
Besides... it's free and it works...
RICHARD KAMMEIER
I signed up. How do I sign off?posted Nov 2nd, 2010 5:47 pm
Too many "sign in's". I would be on the computer all. day? Why all the passwords. Most of what you have to say is plugging drug companies. (I did lose a lot of weight in my fingers, however.
wilbertvb
There is no magic to control weight, my experience is that getting informed is the most important approach. Sparkpeople is amazingly detailed and I'm able to customize the information to my personal needs.posted Oct 13th, 2010 12:10 pm
If I just want to count calories, I can do that, If I want to watch carbs/proteins, I can do that. The web site interface is confusing, other than that, great!
ande5771
I LOVE SPARK!!! It gives me the tools I need to succeed as well as the accountability. I love the team community and getting to interact with others dealing with the same issues as I am. I have lost 44 pounds so far on Spark.posted Sep 21st, 2010 5:54 pm
margaret
i am disabled in wheelchair . i am a last losing a little weight. any suggestions, but glad any other diet had me just maintaning.posted Sep 17th, 2010 3:01 am
KarenOh
I have been on SparkPeople for 9 months and lost 80 lbs of 210. I like the flexibility, the feedback I can get by simply tracking my food, in terms of how I'm doing, and I rarely feel hungry (in fact, at first it was hard to get used to eating so much).posted Sep 16th, 2010 4:02 pm
It's free, the site is a bit clunky, but you get used to it in a couple of weeks, and I've met all sorts of great people.
Even more important than getting to a healthy BMI is the fact that I can access the experience of other members in how to maintain weight loss--because only 5% of those who lose weight keep it off.
MrsKCaron
SparkPeople.com is an amazing site. I have already lost 15 pounds. This is not a diet site, it is a site to help with the steps for a life style change, which is what most people need. I love it.posted Jul 29th, 2010 1:43 am
Linda
Spark is a plan for a healthy lifestyle. I wasn't even planning on going on a diet and have lost a little over 10 pounds. My goal is to lose 5 more. Better yet, I am eating better and exercising. It is a great community! Try it!posted Jul 19th, 2010 11:38 am
Heather
SparkPeople provides an awesome amount of support! I use it dilligently, and have slowly and healthily lost 20 pounds with their guidance. LOVE it!posted Jun 4th, 2010 2:45 pm
Mary
This is one of th best websites I've ever been too for health and nutrition and it's FREE! I've belonged to most of them and it's by far the most informative, helpful, tracks the best, etc., etc...... It's wonderful.posted May 21st, 2010 12:46 pmTo find a doctor, call 800-667-5356 or click below:
Find a Doctor
Request an Appointment
Years 1 and 2 introduce fundamentals in Anatomic and Clinical Pathology. Years 3 and 4 serve as a time to consolidate and integrate skills.
PGY-1 is devoted entirely to Anatomic Pathology. In each month,.
Year 2 is devoted entirely to Clinical Pathology.. Informatics and the use of new technologies are integrated into the rotations.. This rotation incorporates teaching from all the clinical laboratories as well as anatomic pathology..)
© 2015 Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center
330 Brookline Avenue, Boston, MA 02215
617-667-7000 | TDD: 800-439-0183 | Maps & DirectionsPrint
OnCore Manufacturing
is Named
Thermo Fisher Scientific
(
TMO
) "2012 Supplier of the Year"
3/13/2013 9:17:13 AM
SAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--OnCore Manufacturing, LLC, a global supplier of electronic manufacturing services, today announced that Thermo Fisher Scientific has named OnCore as their “2012 Supplier of the Year”. OnCore was recognized for their efforts in several activities including: - Re-architecting the supply chain jointly with Thermo Fisher delivering value in cost, delivery flexibility and reduction of obsolescence risk. - Planning and managing several complex system-level product manufacturing transfers to OnCore with professionalism.We can’t get enough of Crystal Nicodemus’s eye, so we’re bringing her Fashion Week street style posts to the mix all year long. Get inspired by the industry’s best dressed, and then … make their look your own!
Shop similar styles:
Cable Knit Sweaters | Colorful Handbags | Denim Skirts
Shop our Editors’ Picks to re-create this look:
Belstaff Textured Sweater | Mark Cross Trunk Crossbody | Stella McCartney Denim SkirtA man was hit and killed early Thursday along Interstate 81 in East Hanover Township, Dauphin County.
State police said the 58-year-old man was hit just before 1 a.m. Thursday near exit 80.
The victim parked his car, stepped into traffic and was hit by multiple vehicles.
Troopers said they have determined the man committed suicide.Meet the Private Sector Initiatives Team
Emily Peck
Museums.- The Mountain
- Tickets & Passes
- Weddings at Homewood
- Lessons & Equipment Rentals
- Stay at Homewood
- West Shore Cafe & Inn
- Master Plan
- Connect with Us
We will be suspending our Free Intermediate/ Advanced Lessons until further notice.
Stay tuned to our Facebook for updates.
Are you a skier making parallel turns on Homewood's blue terrain?
Do you want to take your technical skills up a notch, break through the plateau you've hit, or learn to ski the whole mountain with style and confidence in any conditions? Then these lessons are for you!
Free lessons are offered Sunday through Friday, non-holiday starting Jan. 4 for skiers only.
Skiers must be able to ski parallel. A lift ticket or season pass is required. Free lessons are limited to skiers ages 13+.
Arriving for your lesson: Free Intermediate/Advanced lessons depart at 10:30 a.m. and 1:30 p.m. from the top of Old Homewood Express and are first come, first served. Please arrive 15 minutes prior to lesson start time.
* Holiday dates include December 20, 2014 - January 3, 2015; January 17-19, 2015; February 14-21, 2015. Free lessons are not offered on these dates or on Saturdays.Hi Everyone:
Photo cards have been a trend waiting in the wings. The last 2 paper craft mags has featured special editions of
photo cards and photo projects..
As scrapbookers we take tons of pics, why not use some of those pics you are not scrapping give it a sepia tone, by using this free online photo editing picnik.com.. to give it a vintagey feeling.
Julia has created an effortless beautiful vintage card using crochet and [tag]stamping [/tag]a journaling as an element.
More info here
Have a great day,
Maggiee-government
Style information: When this word appears at the beginning of a sentence or in a title, capitalise the "e" rather than the first letter after the hyphen, i.e. E-government rather than e-Government.
Source: GenderIT.org.
Corporate Law in India and E-Governance
A very crucial question that has been recently raised by a reporter goes like this “Is National E-Governance Services Delivery Gateway Part of E-Governance?”.
E-Governance in India
Very few words are more fanciful than the words electronic governance (e-governance). These words have a tendency to portray an image of all advanced Nation or capable manpower.Temple adopts new policies for minors who come to campus
The university has instituted two new policies designed to help ensure the safety of minors while visiting campus. The policies come after a special task force established last fall recommended changes or new rules for visitors to campus.
One policy covers visitors and volunteers who come to campus, while a second is specifically geared to minors on campus. Both make it clear that minors, visitors and volunteers are subject to all universities policies and procedures, and that anyone who brings minors on campus is covered under the new policies.
"Minors come to campus for a variety of reasons: to visit family members, to gain a better sense of what Temple is like as they consider their own educations, or to participate in campus events. It's important for us to be clear about our expectations for their time at Temple," said Fay Trachtenberg, associate university counsel. “At the same time, we need to ensure they will be safe while they are our guests.”
The policies are meant to be comprehensive and cover activities such as athletic camps, academic programs, music camps and laboratories and workshops intended for elementary through high school students. Among the major provisions in the policies are:
- Requirements that those running programs with minors inform the Office of Risk Management and Insurance at least 60 days before the program starts. If minors are staying on campus overnight for the program, University Housing and Residential Life must also be notified.
- The need for background checks to be performed for all authorized adults participating in the program. Similar checks are required of student teachers working in area schools.
- A mandatory training session, either live or online, that must be completed by the adults to raise awareness of the university’s policies and how best to protect minors while they’re on campus.
There are also specific requirements for minor student athletes and prospects who come to campus for a visit while scouting the university. In addition, those who want to have a minor stay overnight in the residence hall for any reason are also subject to the new policy provisions.
Copies of the new policies and the associated consent form are available at the university's Policies and Procedures website and can be found by searching for "Minor Visitors On Campus Policy And Procedures" and "Visitor And Volunteer Policy And Procedures."Liability Insurance
Students must have professional liability insurance coverage while at their practicum agency. Liability insurance can be obtained while applying to the program.
You Apply for Liability Insurance While Applying to the Program
Steps:
1. Join NASW, the National Association of Social Workers! They have an agreement with an insurance carrier to provide discounted liability insurance to their members. Membership is $48 dollars for a year. A membership form is in the candidacy application packet.
2. Fill out your liability insurance form. There is a copy in your application packet or you can get an application online at:
3. Return these forms to BSW Program Assistant Director to process with your Candidacy materials.
4. If you apply online you must give proof of coverage to the Social Work Office.
Total cost of coverage: NASW membership ($48) + Liability insurance ($15) = $63Sony on Thursday rolled out its new Cyber-shot DSC-M1 digital camera. The 5.1-megapixel digital camera hits store shelves in December for about $600 (around £350), and is described as being about the size of a deck of cards. It is held vertically and uses a 2.5-inch articulated LCD that swivels upward and rotates 270 degrees.
A hybrid recording mode lets users record up to five seconds of QVGA video before and three seconds after the full-resolution image is taken. The video and still image are stored as separate files. Data is recorded to Memory Stick Pro Duo media cards. The camera also features a 3x optical zoom lens, Sony InfoLithium rechargeable battery, and a USB cradle for connecting to a PC or Mac. A product page was not available as Digit posted this article.My (324.8 million pounds).
The ADB, which reopened an office in Yangon, Myanmar's commercial capital, in April 2012, said the clearing of arrears allowed it to provide its first loan to the country in more than 30 years.
Thein Sein's government has had to start practically from scratch in developing a modern economy. Reflecting that, the ADB said it would focus on "the building blocks for stability and sustainability".
Among other things, it would look at improving public finances and developing the finance sector.
The loan would be used to "finalise arrears clearance and sustain government efforts to revamp the national budget process and modernise tax administration", the ADB said.
"In rural areas, where development has been hindered by lack of infrastructure, restrictions on land usage, poorly developed support services and limited access to financial services for farmers, ADB funding will help develop a strategy to make banking services more widely available," it said.
The World Bank said its credit would support reforms to strengthen macroeconomic stability and to improve public financial management and the investment climate.
It said that, over the past year, it had opened an office in Yangon and brought in technical experts to help the government develop a broad development programme.
The government outlined a detailed programme at a big aid donors' conference in the capital, Naypyitaw, on January 19-20.
The World Bank said it had already provided an $80 million grant for improvements to rural infrastructure, including schools, health clinics, roads and irrigation schemes in about 640 villages across Myanmar over six years.
The International Monetary Fund said on January 17 the government had asked for its help to pursue reforms and craft economic policies so that Myanmar could become part of the global economy.
(Additional reporting by Martin Petty; Writing by Alan Raybould; Editing by Richard Borsuk, Paul Tait and Jeremy Laurence)BUCKING THE SYSTEM
After surviving a stroke, legendary California honky-tonker Buck Owens celebrates his 75th birthday in style.
Tonight Buck Owens' 75th Birthday is being celebrated with a big show at his Crystal Palace Steakhouse in Bakersfield, Calif. Brad Paisley is here to pay tribute to his hero, and so are Dwight Yoakam and Raul Malo of The Mavericks.
But the most remarkable thing, perhaps, is that Buck himself is here. After all, he suffered a stroke only a few months ago.
"First time in my life I ever thought I might be really taking the big plunge!" declares Buck backstage. "But I was lucky. The stroke left me with a slight speech impediment, and I lost some of my dexterity that's slow in coming back. But it could have been so much worse. I thought I was gone."
So determined was Buck to get back on his feet, in fact, that he left the hospital against his doctors' wishes.
"I went to a big heart clinic up there in Cleveland, and they used me for a guinea pig, I thought," he says. "So I got up and said, 'Well, boys, I'm leaving!'
"The doctor said, 'You can't check yourself out!' I said, 'Do whatever you want to do, but I'm still leaving.' And he went and got three other doctors and the four of 'em told me, 'You can't leave, Buck - you'll be dead within a week.' I said, 'Write my name down: 'He's been here and gone.' "
It may seem like a foolhardy move, but everything seems to have worked out for Buck. Here he is, clearly enjoying himself as he greets the stars and friends who have arrived for his party. Jim Lauderdale is clowning around, Raul's young son is taking pictures, and Brad and Chris Hillman are warming up on their guitars. John McCrea from the rock band Cake is talking shop and telling stories with Dwight.
Buck himself is eager to talk, and he's likely to fall into any subject, telling stories of his life, his childhood, his work, his feelings. He relates tales about his career, his problems with record companies, his fellow musicians - and eventually works his way into stories of his childhood and musical influences.
"I was raised by a Christian mother," he says. "She was one of those wonderful old-time piano gospel players, and she pounded that left hand - not many piano players can do it that well, but she was blessed with it." Just as Buck's music bears his mother's stamp, an entire generation of country singers and guitar-slingers have been influenced by him.
"His music belongs to everybody," says Raul. "Growing up in Miami, my parents barely spoke English, but my dad had Buck Owens records we listened to. For me, Buck's music is right up there with Sinatra, Elvis and The Beatles."
One by one, Raul and the other luminaries on hand tonight will take the stage to sing Buck's best-known songs before the man himself joins them for the grand finale.
Throughout the evening, greetings from admirers are shared with the audience. Telegrams from California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and superstar Toby Keith are read from the stage. "As an instrumentalist, television personality, songwriter and country-western singer, you have established an unsurpassed musical legacy," wrote Gov. Schwarzenegger.
Phone calls from Garth Brooks, George Jones and Terri Clark are piped over the house PA system. "When Buck Owens tells me to do something, I do it," says Garth.
Buck isn't giving anyone orders on his next album - he's playing all the instruments himself. He had five songs finished for the album when he suffered the stroke, and is now planning to complete and release it.
"I've been recuperating since February, but I'm getting back now," he says. "You can hear it some when I talk, but it's a good thing it didn't affect my singing any!"
- HENRY CABOT BECKProduct Details
This beautiful Gold Britannia Set includes a 1 oz, 1/2 oz, 1/4 oz and 1/10 gold Britannia struck to the highest quality in 22 carat gold. Low Mintage set!
Only 750 four-coin Britannia 1998 gold Proof collections were issued for worldwide distribution. In addition 5,000 one-tenth ounce and 1,000 quarter-ounce Proof Britannias were set aside for issue as individual pieces. Designer Philip Nathan chose to depict Britannia in an unfamiliar standing pose, she is nevertheless unmistakable as the personification of Britain. Complete with box and Certificate of Authenticity.Ray Duckler: Continuing a tradition, towns meet to decide future
Three years ago, Mark Sisti switched on the town meeting spotlight and aimed it directly at me.
I didn’t throw in my two cents on the purchase of a fire truck, but I experienced what many of you have felt through the years, and the unique institution continues today.
Because today, as you know, towns meet.
Sisti, Gilmanton’s moderator and a well-known lawyer, stopped the meeting with the suddenness of an emergency brake and told me I had to move to the side. He said he was preserving the integrity of the process by separating me from registered voters.
“Is this really necessary?” I asked, jackass ears sprouting in front of 300 silent people.
“Yes,” Sisti answered sternly.
(Insert crickets chirping here.)
With my jacket over here and my notes over there, I picked up my stuff and moved to the side.
Sisti then lowered the brake handle and continued the meeting.
Writer Becky Rule of Northwood knows the feeling. Her new book, Moved and Seconded: Town Meeting in New Hampshire, the Present, the Past, and the Future, includes research from town meetings statewide.
Although she’s a public speaker and a celebrity within literary circles, she’s seen a gymnasium turn into the Roman Colosseum, with residents and committee members being fed to the lions.
“It was very scary, and it still is for me,” Rule said. “There’s a lot riding on it, and you’re going to see these people over the next few days and for years after that.”
Town meetings create all kinds of scenes, some funny, some awkward, some downright rude. People bark at one another, point fingers, make accusations.
They knit, sleep, roll their eyes and gossip. Some sit quietly, others salivate while looking at the microphone.
The heartbeat of the process comes from you, the residents brave enough to approach the mic and open a window into what you believe, and the town officials who sit up front, exposed and vulnerable, held accountable for proposed expenditures.
In the 1980s, Rule was on the Northwood School Board. During a meeting, she said, an official commented on a “mistake” in the proposed budget: “Periodic tables should be listed under furniture.”
“It was no joke,” Rule insists.
She relayed this nugget after a woman gave a long speech promoting an article.
Husband: “Don’t listen to her. She’s never right.”
Wife: “I married you 35 years ago, and I haven’t been right since.”
“That’s the beauty of it,” Rule said yesterday. “A husband can say nay and a wife can say yea, and they still have beans for supper.”
Rule’s first taste of this spotlight came more than 30 years ago, when the town wanted to close the local beach to save money.
The moderator asked for questions.
Rule popped up.
“I don’t think you should close the beach,” Rule recalled saying.
“Is this a question?” she said the moderator asked.
“I bring my baby there.”
“Is that a question?”
“I tried four times to phrase it into a question and finally just sat down,” Rule said yesterday.
She continued: “Democracy takes courage, and if you can’t stand up in front of neighbors and say what you believe in, that’s your problem. If someone gets mad at you, that’s the way it is. It takes courage to stand up for your convictions.”
And to speak out against pumpkins.
Mel Graykin, a longtime Deerfield resident, said a woman once argued against allowing all paddle crafts, not just canoes and kayaks, at the local boat launch.
“She said we could be opening the door with such a broad term,” said Graykin, a writer and public library employee. “We have big pumpkins, and she was worried people would hollow them out and be paddling pumpkins off the dock. The argument against that was that we weren’t too worried about pumpkins.”
Graykin found a newspaper clipping from 1959, documenting a woman’s accusations that the Deerfield moderator was guilty of corruption and possessing dictatorial power.
The local and state police ejected her, the article said.
Conflict, of course, is part of the mix. Always has been. Harold Janeway saw a lot of spicy debates during his 23 years as moderator in Webster.
“We had our difficult moments,” said Janeway, who retired two years ago with a special gavel honoring him. “But it was gratifying to see how these people could work it out and still be speaking to each other. At least for the most part.”
The tradition continues today, with familiar faces and long-standing issues.
Sisti will be back in Gilmanton, running the show. Bradford voters will revisit their debate over what to do about the town hall, badly in need of repairs. Janeway said sparks could fly when $120,000 is sought to fix Webster’s public safety building, which doesn’t handle snow like it should.
Me?
I’ll be at the Pembroke town meeting, 10 a.m., Pembroke Academy.
Save me a seat.
(Ray Duckler can be reached at 369-3304 or rduckler@cmonitor.com or on Twitter @rayduckler.)
- Discussion FAQ
- Report a comment
You must be registered to comment on stories. Click here to register.Criteria for Review 2.6
The institution demonstrates that its graduates consistently achieve its stated levels of attainment and ensures that its expectations for student learning are embedded in the standards faculty use to evaluate student work.
Links to Evidence and Related Topics
General Education
- General Education review process (see Criteria 2.2)
- Assessment plans for courses available from Bitsy Wagner in office of VPAA for the last cycle of reviews of General Education areas, Upper Division Thematic and Upper Division Themes.
- NSSE
- Executive Memorandum 92-13: Revision to Grading Policy
- Comprehensive exams:
- MA in Education
- MA in Communication Studies
- MA in Political Science
- MA in Social Work
- Graduating Seniors Survey: College of Engineering, Computer Science, and Construction Management, CSU, Chico:
- Reported results for 2004-05
- Reported results for 2005-06 (in process)
- Survey sent to 2004 Baccalaureate Degree Recipients: Educational and Occupational Outcomes
Baccalaureate Programs
- Standards
- Syllabi: each department has a file of syllabi for courses; some syllabi have grading standards and expectations
- Some departmental web sites have syllabi and can use the campus syllabus template or create syllabus for Vista:
- All University Responsibility for Assessment (AURA)
- CA Department of Consumer Affairs Licensing Exams
- Other Licensing Exams:
- Attainment of subject matter competency for single and multiple subject teaching credentials
- Job placement rates:
Graduate Programs
- GRE results
- Students must maintain a 3.0 GPA; certain courses may require a minimum grade (e.g. a B)
- Probation and disqualification policy ensures that students perform at or above a 'B' grade level
- Expectations are clearly articulated in the university catalog
- Graduate syallbiBest Practices
Environment Setup
To ensure a successful integration, we recommend you avoid only using your app account for testing. Using APIs to create merchants and their accounts, and charging to these accounts, will lead to a solid understanding of access tokens, app and WePay fees, and both your and your merchants' account transactions.
Using IPNs
IPNs are a considered a key component of a successful integration. We strongly recommend making use of the callback_uri on every appropriate API call. You can learn more in the IPN reference document.
Account Names and Soft Descriptors
When a charge appears on the cardholder's statement, it will be in the form WPY*
Understanding Fees
Make sure you understand how WePay's fees structure works including WePay's processing fees and your own app fees. You can a full explanation, and a fee calculator on our fees documentation page.
Throttle Limits / Batching requests
In an effort to protect all our partners from poor performance, our system uses API throttling. Even the largest of partners rarely need their limits modified, but we do realize, under rare circumstances, exceptions must be made. If you feel you need a higher limit after testing reasonable use cases and implementing batch requests, we're happy to evaluate your specific situation. You can read more about this in the throttling and batch calls reference pages.
Pre-Launch Checklist
- Review any necessary PCI Compliance requirements
- Create app account in production. Make sure all settings from your stage app account (zip only, tokenization, colors, image) are migrated to your production app account. Add your KYC and Bank Account information.
- Email api@wepay.com and send us your stage and production app ids (client ids) so we can migrate any administrative settings from stage to production.
- Perform a final check on your app fee settings
- Perform a final check on your scope settings (Oauth2 or /user/register)
- Switch endpoints from stage to productionTyrone Looks Rough, But the Rescue Cat Is Just an Old Soul Who Needs a Little Love
The first thing you notice about Tyrone is his face. The seven-year-old ginger tabby has squamous-cell carcinoma, which has left him severely disfigured. His left eye has been replaced by a dark, cavernous hole, a side effect of the aggressive cancer ravaging his body. At first glance, he can be hard to look at -- his appearance is shocking. He appears to be in pain.
But the more you scroll through the photos on his Facebook page, the more you’ll see a happy, loving cat who loves to play and snuggle. You’ll see him the way his caretaker Maria Romano Trampe sees him: as a gentle, grateful companion who deserves to live out his life with comfort, love, and dignity.
“Compassion is not just about care but about acceptance,” she says. “Acceptance that the body he lives in may not be perfect or appealing to some, but that his soul is so grateful and loving. He truly seems so appreciative of the care and love he is being given.”
Maria first noticed something was wrong with Tyrone’s eye about six months ago. She’d been feeding some stray cats in her neighborhood, and Tyrone was among them. He disappeared for a few months after Hurricane Sandy hit, and when he resurfaced, he had what appeared to be an eye infection. Beth Kauffman Ashcom, Tyrone’s other caretaker, got some antibiotics for Tyrone's eye, but the “infection” just got worse.
When Beth took Tyrone to the vet to be neutered, she discovered the truth about his health: The cat had cancer. Squamous-cell carcinoma is aggressive and disfiguring, typically beginning in the sinus/nasal cavity. The only method of treatment that exists is extremely invasive and does not have a good prognosis, adding maybe a few months to the cat’s life -- and “the quality is questionable due to the invasive nature of the treatments,” Maria says.
Therefore, she and Beth brought Tyrone home to make him as comfortable as possible. Despite how his face looks, he is not in pain -- the tissue on his face has necrotized, which causes nerve endings to die. He still enjoys play and interacting with people, so Maria and Beth did not believe that euthanasia was the best choice at this time. They are, however, closely monitoring the progression of Tyrone’s cancer so they can make the right decision when the time comes.
“We are being very cognizant of his pain, because we do not want him to suffer,” Maria says. “When he tells us or we feel it is time, we will make the appropriate decision for his comfort.”
Squamous-cell carcinoma can be hard to catch early because it is so aggressive, but Maria recommends limiting animals’ sun exposure, particularly light-colored animals, as it is a form of skin cancer caused by sun damage. In cats, cauliflower-like lesions are most commonly found on the nasal openings, ears, eyelids, and lips.
Since Tyrone’s cancer cannot be treated, Beth and Maria want Tyrone’s remaining days to be joyous and filled with love. To manage his symptoms, they administer pain medication, steroids, and anti-inflammatory herbs as needed. Tyrone also receives Reiki treatments. Reiki is a form of Japanese alternative medicine that focuses on the transfer of universal energy through the palms, which is supposed to promote self-healing and a state of equilibrium.
“It is nothing less than magical to watch the difference from beginning to end,” Maria says. “Typically when [Reiki Master Luann Liberatori] starts, Tyrone is in a very closed position not really wanting to be messed with. But by the end of the treatments, he is stretched out, kneading, purring, and completely relaxed. It is simply amazing.”
Inspired by Tyrone, Maria, Beth, and their mutual friend Amy recently founded a nonprofit organization called All Souls Connected. The group will focus on trap, neuter, and return programs, as well as feeding and caring for the many stray and feral cat populations in their area. They will also provide palliative care for animals when possible. Additionally, the group will do community outreach and education addressing critical issues for animals and the environment.
“So many people do not recognize the relationship between the health of our earth and the well-being of animals, including the human animal,” Maria says.
By founding All Souls Connected, Maria hopes she will be able to encourage others to support and care for animals the way she has had the opportunity to care for Tyrone, who has taught her so much.
“Tyrone is what Beth and I coin as an old soul,” Maria says. “He is so affectionate and calm and very expressive. So many people have come into Tyrone's life through his Facebook page and have shown him such support and positive energy.” 4th 2013 |
36 ContributionsAccountants in Converse, IN
Home > IN > Converse
Results were generated in 0.089401 seconds.
AccountantFast.com offers the largest selections of Converse Tax Accountants, Book keepers and CPAs in Converse, IN. Use our elite database search to find all of the best accountants in Converse for taxes or book keeping. We add listings to our site daily, and we are known for being the largest accounting directory listing on the internet. So begin your search now to find your tax accoutant or your CPA in Converse.Hyderabad, April 27 : Andhra Pradesh Police have received a red corner notice against Rajya Sabha member K V P Ramachandra Rao in the titanium bribery case but since it is not accompanied by a warrant, they are in touch with the CBI, said the state police chief B.Prasada Rao.
Director General of Police (DGP) Prasada Rao told the reporters here Sunday that the Crime Investigation Department (CID) received the red corner notice from the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which is the nodal agency of the Interpol in the country.
The additional director general, CID, who is the nodal authority of the CBI in the state, received the notice. “As there was no warrant, the correspondence is on with the CBI,” said Prasada Rao.
“He is a Member of Parliament. He will be available,” said the police chief when asked if police would keep a tight vigil on him.
The Interpol sent the notice after a US federal jury indicted the Congress MP and five others on charges of receiving bribes of $18.5 million from an American firm to allow it to mine titanium in Andhra Pradesh.
Meanwhile, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) N. Chandrababu Naidu has demanded immediate arrest of the MP. He urged Governor E.S.L. Narasimhan to order the arrest without any further delay.-54
>
Section 284-54-040
Print Version
Graphic Version
|
[In English]
284-54-030
<< 284-54-040 >>
284-54-050
WAC 284-54-040
No agency filings affecting this section since 2003
Minimum standards for benefit triggers—Physician certification, activities of daily living, and cognitive impairments.
(1)(a) Except as provided in (b) of this subsection, every long-term care insurance contract or certificate issued on or after January 1, 1996, which provides coverage to a resident of this state, shall require certification by the insured's attending physician that the services are appropriate due to illness or infirmity, or include provisions which condition the payment of benefits on an assessment of the insured's ability to perform specific activities of daily living or the insured's cognitive impairment.
(b) Certificates issued on or after January 1, 1996, under a group long-term care insurance contract that was in force on December 31, 1995, need not meet the standards of this section.
(2) Activities of daily living and cognitive impairment shall be used to measure an insured's need for long-term care and shall be described in the contract or certificate in a separate paragraph labeled "Eligibility for the Payment of Benefits." Any additional benefit triggers shall be explained in that section. If a trigger differs for different benefits, an explanation of the trigger shall accompany each benefit description. If an attending physician or other specified person must certify a certain level of functional dependency in order to be eligible for benefits, the policy shall so specify.
(3) Eligibility for the payment of benefits based on the inability of the insured to perform certain activities shall not be more restrictive than requiring a deficiency in the ability to perform not more than three of the following activities of daily living.
(a) "Activities of daily living" on which an insurer intends to rely as a measure of functional incapacity shall be defined in the policy, and shall include at least all of the following:
(i) Bathing: The ability of the insured to wash himself or herself either in the tub or shower or by sponge bath, including the task of getting into or out of a tub or shower.
(ii) Continence: The ability of the insured to control bowel and bladder functions; or, in the event of incontinence, the ability to perform associated personal hygiene (including caring for catheter or colostomy bag).
(iii) Dressing: The ability of the insured to put on and take off all items of clothing, and necessary braces, fasteners, or artificial limbs.
(iv) Eating: The ability of the insured to feed himself or herself by getting food and drink from a receptacle (such as a plate, cup, or table) into the body including intravenously or by feeding tube.
(v) Toileting: The ability of the insured to get to and from the toilet, get on and off the toilet, and perform associated personal hygiene.
(vi) Transferring: The ability of the insured to move in and out of a chair, bed, or wheelchair.
(b) For purposes of this section, the determination of a deficiency shall not be more restrictive than:
(i) Requiring the hands-on assistance of another person to perform the prescribed activities of daily living; or
(ii) If the deficiency is due to the presence of a cognitive impairment, supervision or verbal cuing by another person is needed in order to protect the insured or others.
(c) Upon prior approval of the commissioner in writing, an insurer may use standards or definitions for activities of daily living in addition to the standards set forth in (a) of this subsection; however, in no case may an insurer require a deficiency in more than three activities of daily living as a barrier to benefits. Any additional activities of daily living approved by the commissioner, shall be used in addition to those set forth in (a) of this subsection, and not in lieu thereof. Assessments of activities of daily living and cognitive impairment shall be performed by licensed or certified professionals, such as physicians, nurses, or social workers. No contract or certificate may combine more than one activity of daily living to create a compound impairment requirement.
(d) Each long-term care insurance contract or certificate shall include a clear description of the process for appealing and resolving benefit determinations.
(4) If an insurer proposes standards other than those described in this section, the insurer shall describe to the satisfaction of the commissioner how the proposed assessment will reasonably be expected to produce reliable, valid, and clinically appropriate results and shall demonstrate that the alternate assessment method is not less beneficial to the insured than the standards described in this section.
(5) For purposes of this section the following definitions apply:
(a) "Cognitive impairment" means a deficiency in a person's short-term or long-term memory; orientation as to person, place, and time; deductive or abstract reasoning; or judgment as it relates to safety awareness.
(b) "Hands-on assistance" means any amount of physical assistance (whether minimal, moderate, or maximal) without which the insured would not be able to perform the activity.
[Statutory Authority: RCW
48.02.060
, 48.84.030 and 48.84.050. WSR 95-19-028 (Order R 95-5), § 284-54-040, filed 9/11/95, effective 10/12/95.]Getting your kids to eat a healthy meal is often a struggle. You can’t blame a parent for resorting to a little trickery. We’ve all done it. I pride myself on serving fresh, whole foods and always telling my kids the truth about foods; what’s in them, what’s not, why this food is better than another for your body. But I’m also guilty of some fibbing or well-intentioned browbeating in the name of good health.
- Eat the crusts of your bread – it will curl your hair – Absolutely untrue, although I tried for years and actually volunteered to eat my curly headed sister’s crusts.
- Of course you have to eat the skin of the potato/carrot/cucumber! That is where the vitamins are – There is truth to this, as the skins of many vegetables contain the vitamins.
- If you eat watermelon seeds, a melon will grow in your belly and out your mouth - Completely not true, as the seeds will pass harmlessly, but I can tell you that I lived in fear of this every time I ate watermelon.
- Eating fish will make you smart – Another one grounded in truth, as the brain is largely composed of fat and it needs EPA and DHA to function correctly.
- Beets will put hair on your chest – My own parents used this one to try to get me to eat beets, my most hated food. Why would I want hair on my chest?
- Spinach will make you strong – Originally selected because it was thought to be much higher in iron than it is. It’s been long touted thanks to Popeye.
What can you add to the list?
July 22nd, 2010
User Feedback(Page 0 of 1, 0 total comments)
There is no user feedback yet, leave yours below!News
Website Analytics Is Quickly Becoming Obsolete – Part 4
Starting with Part 1 through Part 3 we have examined changing technology, design advancements, and marketing strategies that are driving the obsolescence. Dynamic website content, more and more website traffic being non-human, and marketing strategies that are one to one marketing are all making traditional website performance metrics less and less relevant. Our discussion then moved on to measuring the behavior of auto shoppers and the impact campaigns, technology, and content have on it. After all, auto shoppers buy cars, not websites. So...read more
Website Analytics Is Quickly Becoming Obsolete – Part 3
In Part 3, we explore how Real Buying Behavior (Intent and Intensity) confirms Engagement. First, a quick recap of Part 1 and Part 2: In Part 1, we discussed the changing digital landscape. As websites become more dynamic and advertising campaigns increasingly drive consumers to unique content, traditional website analytics, such as page views and VDPs, are losing the ability to accurately measure true digital performance. The result of this changing landscape, is a loss in the historical correlation between traditional website metrics and...read more
Website Websites Dataium’s annual “Big Game Automotive Report”, measured unprecedented advertising performance, with Toyota, Nissan, and Dodge leading the way. Dataium’s annual “Big Game Automotive Report” measures impact of commercials on in-market auto shoppers showed unprecedented advertising performance, with Toyota, Nissan, and Dodge leading the way. Spurred on by rising sales this year, some automotive Super Bowl advertising regulars chose to rethink their typical...read more
Increase Conversion
Dataium’s Conversion Optimization Analysis is an unbiased, independent analysis of your dealership website’s effectiveness
Dataium ASI Turns Negative Threatening Summer Selling Season
Toyota and Nissan Counter Trend with Strong Sales Events, Incentives, and New Models Nashville, TN — 06/18/2012 —...read moreNCTC will conduct a controlled burn between the end of February and mid-April, depending on suitable weather conditions. The goal is to burn away non-native plants and promote the growth of native warm-season prairie grasses that provide important wildlife habitat. A total area of approximately 22 acres will be burned by experienced firefighters from the Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Park Service. The operation will only take place under favorable weather conditions to keep the fire manageable and minimize smoke. Because such burning is weather-dependent, the exact date for this activity won’t be known until shortly before it is carried out.Local residents and visitors may smell or see smoke in the area for a brief period of time, according to Phil Pannill, Land Manager for the National Training Conservation Center. “Grass fires such as this usually burn quickly and then go out,” Pannill said. “Fire breaks have been created to make sure the fire is contained and wildland firefighting equipment will be on hand. All necessary permits and approvals have been obtained.” Prescribed fire has been found to be the most effective way to maintain and promote native prairie grasses, which include switchgrass, little bluestem, broomsedge, Indiangrass, and big bluestem. These grasses, which used to be common in the Eastern Panhandle, thrive on fire, according to Pannill. Tall-growing "bunch grasses" such as these provide ideal habitat for nesting birds and small mammals which can go under and between the clumps of grass to find food and protection from predators.
-- published --
February 14, 2013
-- photo credit --
Ryan Hagerty/USFWS
Search the e-Journal Story Archive for more NCTC news.Dubai One TV channel suspends production
Dubai One, the Dubai government-owned English-language television channel, confirmed on Friday it is no longer producing content locally.
Gulf News reported on Thursday the channel had told staff it is shutting down production and axing 80 per cent of staff. Arabian Business was the first to report on the changes at the Dubai government-owned television station.
“Our In-house produced shows won’t be returning next season. New diversification of programming to be revealed soon!” Dubai One announced on Twitter. The channel posted the announcement at 10:35pm on Friday.
Changes at the television station were labelled as a “chore routine” in a statement issued on Friday by Ahmad Saeed Al Mansouri, chief executive of TV and Radio in Dubai Media Incorporated (DMI), the company that runs Dubai One.
Al Mansouri also stated that there had been “no such administrative decision taken regarding the closure of the channel or terminating the services of employees.”
A source confirmed the initial Arabian Business report to Gulf News that staff had been advised of the lay offs last week. The 20 per cent of staff not being laid off are expected to be moved over to the DMI’s Arabic-language channels.
Dubai One will be re-launched on Sunday September 14, according to the statement on the DMI website.
DMI could not be reached for comment on Sund
- Dubai Media incorporated exclusively streams all its TV channels with Samsung Smart TVs
- Missed him? Satirist Bassem Youssef to make TV-return in Feb!
- New Television Channel Launched to Provide Unique Community Service to TECOM Free Zones Partners and Visitors
- Samsung reinforces TV Leadership in MENA region with New SUHD TVs, Smart TVs Powered by Tizen and New Audio Solutions1 available in District.
0 holds on 1 copy.
Bad hair day
Future physician Kate Grable is thrilled to shadow the county medical examiner, but when he is arrested for murder and Kate is left to run the morgue, she discovers that something is killing students--something very hairy and strong.“.
I stopped by the Fox Head Inc. booth at Agenda, and got an update for next season from Tony Sanchez, the Director of Merchandise for Men’s clothing.
Sanchez said Fox’s overall business is doing well. I asked particularly about the licensed products it had with Monster and Rockstar that had been flying off shelves at stores from PacSun to Glik’s. He said the items are still having better than average sell-through at stores, but not at the same astronomical rate like they had last year.
Sanchez was excited to talk about three new developments the brand has in store for next year. On the clothing side, they did a collaboration with Red Bull and Travis Pastrana. Fox is currently building a collection called RB199 (Red Bull is Travis Pastrana’s sponsor, and 199 is his number).
The collection will consist of fleece, tees, and shirts that will be offered at a slightly higher than average price points, made from higher quality materials. They will also have some MX gear in the line.
While Travis used to ride for Fox years ago, he is currently not one of Fox’s sponsored riders, so I thought this was an interesting arrangement.
Sanchez explained that the collaboration is strictly between Travis and Red Bull together with Fox doing the backend.
There will be no Fox branding on any of the items, but Fox will design, manufacture, and sell all of the goods, which will hit stores next Fall. He said some of the details are still being worked out, but that he thinks the product should be a hit, especially since Pastrana will be racing NASCAR this coming year.
Aside from creating RB199, Sanchez said the brand will be expanding their technical items within their sportswear line.
“We are a performance technical company and our DNA is in building technical items so we’ve expanded that into our sports wear,” he said. Sanchez showed me a few pieces in the line that looked like regular tees, but were made from fabric that wicks away moisture.
Sanchez said they’ve added more technical fabrics like that to tees so guys could wear them out on their bike or out on town or after they ride. He said the brand will add at least one or two technical based items into all of their men’s categories besides tees in the next year.
Big news for Fox in 2011 is the launch of the 24K series Eyewear collection. Fox has been doing eyewear through a licensing agreement with Oakley for a few seasons now and they are putting a lot of focus into the eyewear category in 2011.
There are 15 styles that range from sport performance to lifestyle and Polarized options. Prices range from $90 to $170, and all eyewear is produced by Oakley. Sanchez said the Fox customer is used to spending money on his gear whether it’s for his bike or helmet so it made sense to have some higher price point quality frames in the line.
The glasses will be sold through Fox’s normal distribution channels.1. Modern, London, UK, incorporated herein by reference specie documents potentially of interest to the reader based on the reader's interaction. 4 is documents 22.. 4., audio, video or any other content of a document to include the document's structure. as defined in the following claims.6/8/2013 | Montauk State Park | Salem, MO
An open house will be held at the Searcy Building, located next to the park office, to give visitors an opportunity to ask questions and receive some useful information pertaining to future development and direction of the park. Visitors may also review the parks stream and natural resource management plans. Please make plans to attend this informative meeting. Click here to read the news release.
Open House times: 1 p.m. - 5 p.m.On the federal response to Hurricane Katrina: "If Katrina revealed anything to us it is that we ought to be helping each other, because the government ain't going to help nobody. ... When the hurricanes came to Florida a couple of years ago, (President Bush) was out there giving away checks himself. They overpaid. FEMA gave more money down in Florida -- Republican, white and rich."
On homophobia: "That could be your momma, could be your daddy, could be your uncle, could be your cousin and them and you don't know it. You didn't mind spending their gay money, you didn't mind taking their gay advice, you didn't mind getting their gay love. What they do with theirs doesn't determine what you do with yours."
On blacks who make it then catch amnesia: "Don't get in the door and close it behind you because you want to be the only Negro. Figure out a way to send a ladder down and help somebody else. ... You see, that's the problem I've got with all these affirmative-action Negroes who go across that bridge but want to burn it when they get over it -- who let down the ladder to help them up, and then they want to kick out the rungs when they get on top of it."Forced to stay and work under mandatory evacuation? - page 19
I live near the gulf where evacuating for hurricanes is a possibility around this time. The hospital where I work places nurses on teams. One team is forced to say, the other forced to come back 24... 
- 1Aug 6, '12 by Hygiene Queen, ADN, RN GuideThat is why it is MY responsibility to ensure the safety of MY children.
Who else is going to do it?
We have a lot of talk about being responsible, but yet there is no regard for the responsibility of being a parent and protecting your children.
In an extreme life-threatening circumstance, I'm with my kids.Last edit by Esme12 on Aug 7, '12
-
- Click Here To Get More Topics Like This! Get the hottest topics and toons in your inbox.
- 4Aug 6, '12 by StephalumpQuote from redhead_NURSE98!"We" as in "parents" who value the lives of their children, not necessarily their own. . That was an awkwardly worded sentence.
No offense, I don't know you, lol.
Love the hyperbole. dern many of us out there.
Point being, while some people said, point blank, they would not die on the job, I don't recall seeing anyone saying they were unwilling to die because they personally are somehow more valuable than others. I don't recall anyone saying only childless people should be forced to stay during mandatory evacuation: but certain posts have me wondering.
I've never been trapped in a hospital in a life or death situation, but if I were to simply freak out and head for the hills, I don't think I'd begrudge anyone for following me.
As far as non-disasters go, I don't doubt kids can be a great excuse to get out of doing just about anything. But in my experience, it's linked more to laziness than some extreme valuation of parental duties, and the fault lies with the managers who allow that kind of behavior to affect others long term.
And just as a side note: If I somehow treated my kids as unimportant and low on the totem pole, I'd be absolutely criminalized for being a shoddy parent and told I shouldn't have had any at all. Could they be somewhere in the middle? I suppose, but how would the world come to an agreement on what should be above and below? It's a losing game, it seems.
As a secondary side note: THANK YOU for the return hyperbole. Makes life more interestingLast edit by Esme12 on Aug 7, '12
- 2
- 2Aug 6, '12 by StephalumpQuote from tothepointeLVNIt has nothing to do with liking it or not...it was an honest quietism expecting an honest answer.
I think you've misinterpreted my statement because it serves to illustrate your point. When I said "their lives" I was referring to their children. I'm sorry if you don't like this but I have felt that people with children think their progeny are more important that anything else in non disaster situations.
In a disaster situation I can potentially save more lives by showing up for duty than I would being at home with my family. But the OP doesn't have children but even if she did my opinion would be the same. Also a lot of people have stated they would not show up so they could stay home and board up their houses. She may find in a year or two she'll be placed on a different team and it'll be a non issue.
You could very well save more lives at work than at home, and if your sense of duty lies in saving a quantity of people vs specific people who are important to you, then so be it. I don't think it's wrong, and I really don't understand why anyone would see the opposite as wrong. I don't think utilitarianism has been adopted as absolute right as of now.
Personally, if I'm stranded at work valuing the life of other people's children, I would hope someone out there would be valuing the lives of my children - whether they know me or not.
- 0Aug 6, '12 by Hygiene Queen, ADN, RN GuideQuote from woohHow could I blame them if I know they feel the same way I do?And if YOUR children need medical care during this emergency, are you ok that they won't be able to get it because all the parents at the children's hospital are off taking care of their own kids and nobody's left to give medical care to YOUR child?
If my children were in a safe place with the right people, I would be there right along side my coworkers.
If not, I'm with the kids.Last edit by Hygiene Queen on Aug 6, '12 : Reason: Format
- 0Aug 7, '12 by LPN2RNn2011"if i understand this, your husband was at home and caring for/evacuating your children when you got a request from your work asking you to come in and help to evaluate patients. was your concern that your husband was unable to drive the truck away once it was packed? or just that you wanted to be with your family.
i think it was more than fair that you were never put on the schedule again. and after a year of not working, they terminated your employment . . . was that a surprise to you?"
just to answer your questions......most of the packing and loading was done by me and our 6 kids. my husband is disabled. he can "watch" and "supervise" but considering "him" i thought it best to stay with them. as far as the termination...they requested that i keep calling in days and hours that i 'could' work. to which i did for approx. 4mos.? then i just gave up and stopped calling. the separation letter i received stated that i had not been 'calling in'?
- 4Well you did stop calling in after 4 months. You had effectively been fired the moment you did go in just instead they chose not to use you rather than outright fire you. The 12 months later was just a formality to get you off the books.
In an emergency your free to do what you like but you can bet your employer is going to have some expectations of you and if your don't met them then they are free to let you go and give your hours to someone more compliant. It happens regarding ALL kinds of situations not just disasters. You did what you thought was best but unfortunately your employer disagreed.
I can guarantee some one who DID show up was griping something along the lines of "I don't see why I here and blah blah blah's not. Its not fair blah blah. She gets the best hours blah blah"
- 0
- 1Aug 7, '12 by StephalumpQuote from tothepointeLVNHah, well I just learned a new word today, thanks to autocorrect!
Do you mean question or do you seek to put my confusion to an end and return AN to a state of quietness. If so good luck with that
- 1
- 4Aug 7, '12 by Esme12, ASN, BSN, RN Senior ModeratorQuote from redhead_NURSE98 darn many of us out there.
The threat of a tornado and a hurricane are completely different. It's all about the warning. Those nurses in Joplin OK who had their lives, and hospital, blown to bits in a matter of seconds. They could only pray that their children/husbands/families survived. I am positive each and every nurse came to the aid of their neighbors and did their best to save those patients that day.
Hurricanes however....are different. There are days of warnings. I had a different view before Katrina. My post Katrina thoughts made me realize that if my children and dog were not far away with family and safe......II would not be going to work...... I would be ensuring their safety and posting my resume on Monster.com. We all have choices to make for our own personal reasons.....one cannot condemn another for theirs....even if it is fear.
Being responsible for children is not a crutch but an obligation. Being a parent is the hardest job I have ever attempted and has given me the greatest rewards. I owe my children a breathing living parent. That I sacrificed my life for a complete stranger will not give them loving arms to seek shelter from life's heartbreak and dangers. I owe them a living parent....and I will sacrifice my job to do so.
I have placed myself in dangerous situations by choice.....my last search and rescue made me realize that once I had children.....I had to stop. I owed them more than I owed myself. I will always perform my duty......to a point. I remember the DNC the last election in Boston and all the hype about closing highways etc. I flew my parents in from Chicago to ensure that if I got "stuck" my children were safe and cared for.
I think we need to be respectful of other nurses choices and remember that the thread is about the legalities of mandatory call in during a disaster whenthere are mandatory evacuations being ordered.Last edit by Esme12 on Aug 7, '12
- 0Aug 7, '12 by Hygiene Queen, ADN, RN GuideQuote from Esme12This is exactly what I was trying to say.
- 2Aug 7, '12 by StephalumpQuote from tothepointeLVNWell then consider me complimented. I was barely cerebral enough to figure out what the heck you were talking about. I was staring at my phone completely confused as to why you were accusing my of trying to unconfuse you when I just said it was just a question!
Take it as a compliment that I thought you were cerebral enough to float that concept out.
More coffee, more sleep.AHS construction projects come in under budget
by Carla Noah Stutsman
A special meeting of the Azle Independent School District Board of Trustees was called for July 10 at the district’s administrative offices.
Although some other business was conducted, the main purpose of the meeting was to discover and agree to the final price tag for a new competition gymnasium, career and technology education center, and sprinkler system at Azle High School.
Category: Front PageWheat-free is wonderful
Notes: Always read labels for hidden wheat ingredients.
Week 1: The central food of week one is Ham. I buy and cook a ham at the beginning of the week and then I can use it in more than one lunch and dinner.
I chose some of my favorite foods this week. I'll make a grocery list and see if I can afford to eat this well.
Figuring out a breakfast for each day is problematic for me. I never know if I'm going to feel like eating when I wake up.
At this point I don't have any favorite muffin recipes, but I'll try out some as they come up in the menu. If you want to see how I do, you can follow along in the Wheat-free Diary.Good news, Vikings fans. Matt Cassel looked pretty good in the first half of Saturday’s game against the Cardinals.
Bad news, Vikings fans. The starting defense couldn’t keep the No. 2 Arizona offense out of the end zone.
Cassel played well in five first-half drives, completing 12 of 16 passes for 153 yards and a 51-yard catch-and-run to tight end Kyle Rudolph. Cassel added 30 yards on the ground, including a 26-yard scramble.
After four plays and a punt to start the game, Cassel led the Vikings to a field goal, a touchdown, a missed field goal, and a field goal.
Rookie Teddy Bridgewater will get a chance to show what he can do with the No. 2 offense in the second half. Bridgewater will have to do a lot of good things to keep up with Cassel in the race to be the Week One starter.
The defense allowed a touchdown to the Arizona starting offense and the No. 2 unit. Rookie linebacker Anthony Barr registered a sack and a forced fumble (recovered by Arizona) to end the half.
The Vikings starting defense couldn’t stop a Junior Varsity High School squad from scoring 40 points.
They are the worst in the league, and it’s not close.
Minnesota will regret the day they drafted Teddy Bustwater.
They’ll also wish they’d taken Shazier. Wow is he lighting it up tonight! He’s the LB that Barr wishes he could be.
Eric Winston stated it was 100 percent sickening that Cassel was not starting ahead of Tom Brady.
Someone get back to us when the Vikings win their 1st ever Super Bowl or NFL Championship………. …………… ……………… ……………. ……………. ………….
Cassel locked up the starting spot.
No one shines in preseason.
Rudolph looked real good out there tonight.. He would have had another TD if it wasn’t for the butter fingers.. He is going to be a Top 5 Fantasy TE in Norv’s offense..
SKOL
Teddy Bustwater.
Cardinals starting D didn’t even play a full quarter. Only 3 pts against 1st string D.
Yep, obviously Jaworski was right on target with his QB rankings. Ron is obviously a genius and certainly, most definitely NOT a hack.
I live in vegas so im getting the Arizona broadcast of the game. Ron Wolfley has a really annoying voice. He sounds like Jesse Ventura on an acid trip.
so much hype talks from pftpoet…
what a drama child..
Oh Tokyo. You and your filthy ways. No defense is worse than the Cowboys.
Dallas might have something to say about that.
Sadly they are still better than the Packers defense. The Packers defense could not stop a 5th grade pee wee team.
“Cassel shines”
UUUUMMMM, most of his production was against the Cardinals 2nd team….If you want to say that is shining, well, it is your website……
Blake Bortles played in the first quarter of his second pre-season game. How come Baby Hands didn’t play in the first half?
Last week, the Viking fans were talking about their great defense. This week, they couldn’t stop Drew Stanton, who hasn’t played in a regular season game in 3 years.
Cassel looked “pretty good” against 2nd string D in the preseason, which means he’s average against starting D in the regular season.
tokyosandblaster says: Aug 16, 2014 10:01 PM
The Vikings starting defense couldn’t stop a Junior Varsity High School squad from scoring 40 points.
They are the worst in the league, and it’s not close.
=========================
Does it make you feel good to say dumb things?
I guess the Vikings’ “decade of dominance” hasn’t begun yet!
Tokyo, Your stuff is old, don’t you have some new material instead of the same old song and dance you use every time you post? It’s not like they don’t put up every single post of yours, so at least try to be a little creative.
tokyosandblaster says:
Aug 16, 2014 10:01 PM
The Vikings starting defense couldn’t stop a Junior Varsity High School squad from scoring 40 points.
————
The Packers starting defense. FTFY
The viking haters on this website are hilarious!
Ugh…I’m ready to jump off this Viking bandwagon right now. If they can’t stay competitive in the preseason, how can they be any good in the playoffs?
Remember when Prince performed and dedicated that horrible song to the Vikings.
Purple Reign or Purple and Gold?
Oh how we laughed and laughed at that!
darquarious says:
Aug 16, 2014 10:07 PM
Someone get back to us when the Vikings win their 1st ever Super Bowl or NFL Championship………. …………… ……………… ……………. ……………. ………….
—————————
So like 1968 then?
arianil985 says:
Aug 16, 2014 10:29 PM
Ugh…I’m ready to jump off this Viking bandwagon right now. If they can’t stay competitive in the preseason, how can they be any good in the playoffs?
———————-
There is no bandwagon, you’re in or we don’t want you.
If the Vikings really wanted to improve their quarterback situation, they’d trade a first round draft pick for Scott Tolzien.
Trolls. All of you.
Minnesota is the most beautiful landscape in the northern hemisphere, and home to the hardest working and most gracious people in the Country. Matt Cassell is lucky to be able to breathe the fresh air and drink the pure water of Minnesota.
Kind of surprising, I thought they’d be better after losing their best defensive players…
Minnesotta wasted a first round pick on a dude with smaller hands then kevin hart.
FlashPatterson says:
Aug 16, 2014 10:31 PM
darquarious says:
Aug 16, 2014 10:07 PM
Someone get back to us when the Vikings win their 1st ever Super Bowl or NFL Championship………. …………… ……………… ……………. ……………. ………….
—————————
So like 1968 then?
=================================
You mean when they won the NFL championship and then got blown out in the Super Bowl?
When most people talk about winning NFL Championships, they are really speaking about before the Super Bowl years. They don’t really discuss the NFL or AFL Championship as being something special in the Super Bowl years. That would be no different than someone claiming an AFC or NFC championship as the apex of a season. Any self-respecting fan who’s team won a championship in those years and then lost the Super Bowl would probably not say anything. I’ve never heard a Colts fan squawking about their NFL championship after losing to the Jets in the Super Bowl in the ’68/’69 season.
Seahawks nation is watching this game with great attention, as we look to see which players on our farm team Vikings will help us win more Super Bowls later on.
Temper your enthusiasm… First string O did very little.. Only moved ball against #2 team D…Cards #1 O moved ball at will
You’re going to use that 1968 championship thing again? Oh yeah that’s when the Vikings lost the last game of the year to the Chiefs in Super Bowl IV. Yeah I guess I would celebrate that too if I had zero championships! Skolol!
First rounder Bridgewater looks good against the scrubs in the 4th Quarter. Superstar running back Joe Barnyard looks good too.
153 yards on 5 drives. So, about 30 yards per possession? Sounds amazing to me. SKOL!!!
another year without a championship. SKOL!
Gotta say, Teddy didn’t look half bad during his playing time tonight!! He will be ready if Cassel goes down.
Paul Allen was an epic fail for his ice bucket challenge for ALS. 4 cups of ice water doesn’t cut it!! I call for a do over with a BUCKET!!
Norv Turner is recognized as a very good Offense Coordinator but not so much as a Head Coach. Maybe it’s the same story with Mike Zimmer.
Barr got a sack huh? Good production out of that guy.
Course Packers had a UDFA get 3 sacks and a FF on 4 plays.
Vikings problem is they put the horse before the carriage and get Qb’s and wide receivers before everything else is set. Same thing with my Lions five years ago only difference is they got Stafford and Calvin opposed to Ponder, bridgewater and Patterson
Uh-oh.
Cassel doing well is not going help that dude with the little hands win Rookie of the Year, Offensive Player of the Year, MVP and whatever other awards all of the viking fans are predicting for him this year.
TEDDY!!!!!!!!!!!
I thought is WAS Jesse Ventura on Acid…
AZ fans, for whatever reason they are showing that same feed in the Aloha State. What a Zero voice.
js
hahahahahahahahahaha!!!!! The Vike Turncoats are back…….lol.lol.lol.lol.
If & when they win a game, they’ll all be wizards again!! Championship hooouuuw…….
GO PACK!!!!!
Arizona could still pull this baby out…..3Rd String on 3RD string..Go Go Go!!!
lol at zero… good name for you. a championship is a championship.
Bridgewater tonight:
13/16 130 yards 1 td 0 int RTG: 121.4
Suck it, haters.
Teddy brought the Vikes back to win in the last minute. Suck it haters!
Vikes win, BABY!!!!! Suck it!
Big PACK guy here. Just got done watching the Viking’s game. Couple observations.
1) Castles is the starting QB for the Vking’s week 1. He has a good handle on the #1’s.
2) Teddy is getting more acclimated with the NFL. I dont like it, but the kid has a GREAT release on his throw. The kid had a bright future. As bright as Roger’s? Not sure. But bright.
GO PACK GO!!!!
>
Aaron Rodgers is going to light up this team twice this season.
Cassel played the first half.
There is no division of reps.
The vikings decided in May to dump last year’s starter, never give the rookie any chances, and hoped to coach Cassel up to marginally acceptable.
There never was any QB competition in Minnesota.
If Cassel gets injured during the season, the vikings will have a lock on getting a QB with the #1 draft pick over all and then not do it.
The two best QB’s the vikings ever drafted and developed were Tommy Kramer and Daunte Culpepper. They just hate the concept of not getting a QB elsewhere.
They traded for Fran Tarkenton and got Randall Cunningham and Brett Favre out of retirement.
Bridgewater lit it up too!
Two-Minute Teddy!
Bridgewater in command. Super Bowl homeboys
In 3-5 years you clowns in little WI going to cry for mercy from Bridgewater. He will be electrifying. No defenses will be able stop him and he will be known as the greatest qb ever to play the game. Mark my word!!!!!
We’re not worry about the D bc we know for sure it’s going to get better period.
Minnesota played tough and physical. Bridgewater did some good and bad things. But people should remember…
Starting D barely played just like the offense.
Cards 2’s and 3’s were going against Minny’s 1’s on both sides of the ball.
Basically Cardinals starters played two series, and Minny’s starters played the whole half.
Then the entire 2nd half the Cardinals played their 4th string QB .
Sadly the PI calls this year will extend a lot of drives making all defenses look poor.
Last week the raiders barely got 100 yrds against min. So if your gonna talk about preseason games, do it with perspective.
real genius = Norv Turner. Good job Banner/Lombardi.
hmm sounds pretty damn good. thought he couldnt even hold the ball? right packer fans?
Bottom line here people is that Minnesota will always be better then that place they call Wisconsin!
#SKOL
#BoldFuture!
Naive fans on here love to say ridiculous things. Experts alike have great things to say about the Vikings performance so far this pre-season. You say teddy is only playing well because hes playing against scrubs? Really. There are not many ‘scrubs’ in the nfl and there are plenty of talented athletes that teddy has gone against so far this year. You trolls always just make me laugh at the ridiculous comments. You always point out the Vikings flaws. But what team doesnt have any. Every team has had its ups and downs. And if you look into the packers history they have some very embarrassing ones. Particularly from the early 70’s to the late 80’s when they were almost removed from the nfc north!
The Vikings have an NFL Championship…
Hats off to the Vikes, even though it’s pre-season that was a fun game to watch
Man does it smell like stinky cheese in here
The Cardinals starters on offense & defense only played 2 series. While Minnesota basically had their starters out there for the entire first half. Even then, Minnesota’s first team still didn’t much against 2nd/3rd stringers of Arizona.
Bridgewater did look good against a defense that mostly consisted of guys that won’t be on the 53 man roster. Kinda like how Logan Thomas looked for the Cardinals against Houston’s guys who won’t be on the roster.
I respect Zimmer, he’ll get as much from that defense as is humanly possible. That may not be much right now given the talent level, but have faith Viking fans, you have the right guy in charge.
The history of the NFL shows the preseason games (or records) are largely irrelevant, consider the Lions went 4-0 in the preseason the same year they went 0-16. I’m too lazy to look it up but I think the Redskins went 4-0 just last year before picking in the top 5 last spring.
So congrats to Cassel for locking up the QB job. Does any sane football fan think the Vikings will do anything else but finish in last place again? Especially with that sieve secondary and porous front seven.
All you people laugh while you can……………..Viking nation!
Teddy did look pretty good. I could see the kid being productive in this league.
What I would be more worried about, IF I were a Vikes fan, is that your #1 Defense couldn’t stop AZ #2 Offense. That should worry you.
Lots of missed tackles, like Hodges tackling the air on the Cards first TD. What was that!? Doesn’t help when your nose tackle is out with a leg injury. The D was lined up well so that’s a good thing. Patterson dropped a couple that would have been huge plays. Interestingly, the field plays just as fast as the Metrodome. New year same terrible tackling and pass D. That’s been the Vikings for the past 20 years now.
wait, you removed my post for calling out a troll for being wrong?…….lol
lame sauce
darquarious is a mouth breathing midwesterner, is he not?
Never forget that Cassel was brought in to be our backup QB – a very good backup! TB was drafted and hired to be our QB, not for 2014 – for for the next decade! Cassel is playing like the best of his career – TB plays like a rookie with all the tools/skill/mistakes common to rookie QB’s. He is going to get better (with 2 or three seasons of playing time). The question is will that happen in 2020 (with some other team) or 2017 and perhaps for the next decade leading the Vikings into championship competition for years to come. There is only one answer – just have the courage to make the decision. TB is our QB!
The offense was okay, and actually did enough to win most games last year even with our lousy QB situation. The defense was the real problem, even though complaining about the QB situation was sexier. After last night’s performance, it looks like defense will remain the problem.
Poor Wisconsinites, all they have on us is Football and with the Gophers and Vikings rising their worried we’ll take that from them. Don’t worry Wisconsin, you’ll at least still have better Cheddar.
Rodgers is going to torch the lame Viking defense.
Was anyone shot after the game this week?
The Cardinals second string defense is better than the Packers and Bears first string defense!
Vikings drafted Fran Tarkenton bobnelsonjr. If your gonna troll, at least know easy facts.
Pro football talk, can you elminate the thumbs down, it just promotes 99% trolls.
Getting a thumbs down is a win in their book.
Eliminate… lol
I like to make fun of the packers defense but ours sucks even worse!Last updated on December 12, 2012 at 12:39PM
Some users of WikiSpaces may see excessive delays or failure to respond. It appears to be coming from side effects of an external bot gone wild. It is happening to one node in the cluster, so whether a user sees the issue is somewhat arbitrary. We expect to be able to remedy the issue soon.
For more information, please contact IT Service Desk (itservicedesk@psu.edu).?
The workshops are sold out.?
This workshop is recommended for children ages 7 will be held in the Chorus Room on the fifth floor of War Memorial Opera House. Enter the Opera House through the North Stage Door at the corner of Franklin and Fulton Streets.
Back to FAQ
Where can I park?
Parking is available in several lots in the surrounding area. For a map of nearby lots click here.Screen protector for E-PL5
Started Dec 7, 2012 | Questions thread
While waiting for an answer I cut one from a oahcj if WriteRight Universal Screen Protectors that I picked up at Best Buy. I found that there are two bumps under the flash shoe/viewfinder connection that prevented me from attaching the protector smoothly, so it has bubbles and voids in the attachment, but I feel better that it's covered. Those defects don't show when the camera is on.
Isabel
-- hide signature -- A friendly place to discuss photography, where no question is "dumb"About INNO-406
INNO-406 (formerly known as NS-187) is an orally bioavailable, imatinib-resistant cell lines. In addition to its Bcr-Abl inhibitory properties, INNO-406 inhibits Lyn kinase. Upregulation of Lyn kinase activity is a well recognized cause of imatinib resistance. Lyn kinase activation has also been documented in a variety of solid tumors, including prostate cancer. obser
'"/>Vaude Norrsken Sleeping Pad
DECENT FEATURES of the Vaude Norrsken Sleeping Pad
- Slightly concave surface of the pad provides better heat retention and a more comfortable sleeping surface
- Super lightweight insulation pad with an exceptionally small pack size
- With Primaloft Infinity fill in a baffle construction for top body heat reflection and insulation
- The 2 thicker outer air chambers prevent one from rolling off the pad
-
The SPECS of the Vaude Norrsken Sleeping Pad
- Weight: 0.66 kg
custy reviews
for the Vaude Norrsken Sleeping Pad
$109.95
Ships FREE When will I get it?Dell Inc will buy IT management company Quest Software Inc for $2.4 billion to expand its software business and decrease its dependence on the declining personal computer market.
Dell said on Monday it will pay $28 per share, trumping a bid from private investment firm Insight Ventures, adding that it expects the deal to close in the third quarter of its fiscal year 2013, which started February 4.
Dell sparked a bidding war in June when it offered $25.50 per share for Quest, an enterprise management software maker, topping Insight’s initial offer in March of $23 per share.
Despite the bidding war, Brian White, an analyst at Topeka Capital Markets, said Dell paid a reasonable price in line with Street estimates of 17 times 2012 earnings per share and 15 times 2013 EPS.
Dell has said its corporate software and services business will show average annual growth of 10 percent until fiscal 2016.
The Round Rock, Texas-based company has been diversifying its revenue base in the face of weakened consumer demand, giving up low-margin sales to consumers and moving into higher-margin areas, such as catering to the technology needs of small and medium businesses in the public sector and the healthcare industry.
The company has found itself lagging larger rivals such as Hewlett-Packard Co and International Business Machines Corp in the race to become one-stop shops for corporate information technology needs.
But it has broadening its offerings with a string of acquisitions such as IT services company Perot Systems and security company SonicWall.
“The addition of Quest will enable Dell to deliver more competitive server, storage, networking and end-user computing solutions and services to customers,” said John Swainson, president of Dell Software Group.
CONCERNS OVER GROWTH LINGER
Pressed by an analyst on a conference call after the announcement of the deal, Dell executives declined to give details on the expected return on investment but said the deal would be cash-flow accretive in 2014.
Analysts overall welcomed the deal even as some concerns lingered about Dell’s track record to increase earnings.
“Although we like the combination with Quest, we remain on the sidelines due to overall concerns regarding Dell’s ability to grow its earnings,” Abhey Lamba, an analyst at Mizuho Securities, said in a note.
“We estimate that the deal could add up to 12 cents to Dell’s EPS in FY14 assuming conservative synergy levels,” he added.
Brian White, an analyst at Topeka Capital Markets, said the acquisition provided a platform to grow the business in the future.
Nevertheless, trends in the PC business and Dell’s high exposure to this industry, combined with the risks around public spending and the company’s overall track record of low growth remained a concern, White said.
Dell’s shares slid about 1.1 percent, or 15 cents, $12.35 in midday trading. Quest, up 43 percent since Insight first made its offer, was off about a penny at $27.79.
Source:Business Intelligence SIG: Cutting Edge Business Intelligence in the Cloud
Description
- TITLE: Cutting Edge Business Intelligence in the Cloud
ABSTRACT:
Lenin will tell us who ShareThis is and how they make social networking easy. He will talk about how cloud computing works for ShareThis. In particular, he will show how ShareThis uses Aster Data for their Data Warehouse and how they use Amazon EC2, Cascading, Hadoop, Hive, and MicroStrategy to power Business Intelligence. Lenin will point out lessons learned by ShareThis including best practices and pitfalls in running BI in the cloud.
BIO:Lenin Gali is the Director of Business Intelligence at ShareThis, Inc a rapidly growing start up based in Mountain View, CA. ShareThis is a sharing network and offers products that allow online users to share content with friends, family and their network via Email, SMS and other social networking sites such as FaceBook, Twitter, MySpace, and LinkedIn. ShareThis customers include Fox Media, UsMagazine, Wired, ESPN, and movies.com.. Lenin is an active member of and speaker at TDWI and other BI groups. It is his passion to work with databases and data warehouse projects as both an engineer and as a manager. When not working, Lenin enjoys playing golf, teaching his young son golf, and playing other outdoor sports.
SAP
Building D
Southern Cross Room
3410 Hillview Avenue
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Agenda
6:30pm - 7:00pm - Registration
7:00pm - 8:30pm - Presentation
Cost
$15 at the door for non-SDForum members
No charge for SDForum members
For more information: visit:Awana | children's & youth ministry curriculum, Reach kids awana reaches kids where they're at and walks alongside them in their faith journey. check out all our evangelism and discipleship resources here.. Orange, Connecting you with life changing ideas conferences for teams camps for students camps for kids. 2014-2015 wild card standings - nhl.com - standings, Conference, division and league standings for all 30 nhl teams. playoff races, streaks, last 10 games, tiebreakers..
Student life christian summer camps, Am i making a difference at all? when i was younger, i struggled to understand what made life worth living. before god saved me, it seemed to me as if life wasn't. Summit ministries - worldview conferences and curriculum, New podcast: interview with barry asmus. in the newest summit christian worldview thinking podcast, aaron atwood interviews summit faculty and senior economist about. Home | florida department of children and families, Helps people be self-sufficient and live in stable families..
Safe kids worldwide, Safe kids worldwide is dedicated to protecting kids from unintentional injuries. we work to reduce traffic injuries, drownings, falls, burns, poisonings and more.. Children's trust fund of missouri — missouri's foundation, Child maltreatment report 2013. the children’s bureau, office of the administration for children and families recently released its latest annual report on child. Southeastern conference, Official site of the sec. links to members, statistics, records, and other college sports sites..
06.23.14
For Greek design studio Mousegraphics, wine bottles are one of the most creative and difficult areas of packaging design. The goal of this project was to claim a niche in a competitive market by introducing Sun Wines as a high-quality organic product. Mousegraphics chose to focus on the color of three varieties of wine and connect each to a particular solar phase: red wine to the setting sun, white to midday radiance and pale pink rosé to sunrise. The designers abstracted the phases of the sun for each bottle and created a unique symbol for each variety of wine.
Mousegraphics, design firm; Sun Wines, client.
mousegraphics.gr'Swear to God,' Justin Theroux is Set to Direct Will Ferrell and Steve CarellBritt Hayes |
Justin Theroux has become everone's favorite script doctor for comedies, having lent his talents to 'Tropic Thunder' and the recent Ben Stiller vehicle 'The Watch.' And now he's swooping in to rewrite -- and direct -- 'Swear to God.'
'Swear to God' is a comedy project over at Warner Bros., which will be produced by Will Ferrell's Gary Sanchez banner. Ferrell stars as a hedgefund manager who believes he has seen God, with Steve Carell co-starring. The project isn't rolling full-steam just yet, as Ferrell has to finish work on 'Anchorman 2,' which is scheduled for a 2013 release.
According to Deadline, Theroux will be rewriting the script from 'Due Date' writers Alan Cohen and Alan Freedland, and the film will likely begin shooting as soon as production on 'Anchorman 2' is complete because priorities.
Carell can be seen in 'Hope Springs' alongside Meryl Streep and Tommy Lee Jones, which hits theaters tomorrow, in case you were cruising for some old people getting down and nasty. He also starred with Keira Knightley in Lorene Scafaria's 'Seeking a Friend For the End of the World.'
Ferrell can be seen in theaters tomorrow as well, alongside Zach Galifianakis in 'The Campaign,' from 'Dinner For Schmucks' director Jay Roach. Don't let the director's resume fool you -- 'The Campaign' is hilarious and has some searing commentary on modern politics. So maybe go see that instead of 'Hope Springs,' unless you're just really into 31 year-old marriages falling apart while Tommy Lee Jones makes grunting noises.Some.
“And if it seems odd that members of a bitterly divisive and relatively do-nothing Congress should criticize the Iraqi government for similar flaws, it’s just another example of the human tendency to counsel ‘do as I say, not as I do.’”
I love your style. And thank you for a concise summary of what has been going on these last few weeks and months inside the Beltway while the rest of the country has been going about the business of America.
it’s important to remember that we abandoned the south vietnamese in 1975 – 2 yeasr after the last us combat troops had left.
the dems could do the same thing in 2009. that is: the surge could work, iraq coulk stabilize and president hillary and a dem congress could still revert to form and abandon our allies, the nascent iraqi democracy.
they’ve done it before.
no matter how well iraq goes: the dems cannot be trusted on national security of defense of the free world..
“no matter how well iraq goes: the dems cannot be trusted on national security of defense of the free world.”
James Piereson ‘s excellent “Camelot and the Cultural Revolution: How the Assassination of John F. Kennedy Shattered American Liberalism” is mandatory reading. The author convincingly argues that the Democratic Party became unglued after the assassination of President Kennedy. A number of key Democrats, including JFK’s wife Jacqueline, more than hinted that American conservatives were responsible for the murder because they allegedly fostered a climate of hate in the country. The United States needed to be redeemed. Of course, the truth was that Lee Harvey Oswald was a committed Communist. Kennedy did not die on behalf of our sins!
The Democratic Party “elites” are self hating Americans. They instinctively do their best to aid our enemies and filth on our friends. This is especially true if our foes are darker skinned. Political correctness pervades their cultural milieu. They indeed cannot be trusted with national security issues. One way or another, their “elites” will stab us in the back. That is simply the way they are existentially programmed.
Here’s my post re your post:
The world is her village
Sissy, Something not working on your link. The page foremat displays with no text. WJ
Fred, wouldn’t it be nice if all our politicians considered victory in Iraq a “win” for our military and the Iraqi people? It really isn’t all about the politicians, as much as they think it is.
After the disasterous course Bush has put our nation on, to state that Dems can not be trusted on national security etc issues is patent nonsense. It was the Dems in charge who won both WWI and WWII.
Most of this post is trying to cheer the gang up about a lost cuse.Even as this got posted, a suicide bobmer killed 9 people in a MOSQUE in Falluja. The surge is ok so long as we keep our troops there. But we are now paying out 30 thousand dollars per person to recruit for duty in Iraq…how long can we protect an incompetent and impotent government?
I don’t know, Fred. Wait – yes I do. Dems can’t be trusted on national security.
If you think $30K is expensive, wait til you see how much it costs to talk people into serving in Hillary’s army.
“Even as this got posted, a suicide bobmer killed 9 people in a MOSQUE in Falluja.”
OMG! NINE people! In that case, it’s definitely time to run away, since members of a death-loving cult are able to perform random acts of violence against innocent people. And, of course, once the evil Americans are gone Iraq will return to be the kite-flying utopia it once was (complete with free health care!).
Do you even listen to your (il)logic?
“[H]ow long can we protect an incompetent and impotent government?”
I agree completely. Vote Republican in 2008!
For more of the backstory on those helicopters, please see this, including this.
It was the Dems in charge who won both WWI and WWII.
That’s so tragically true! If that doesn’t highlight how far the Democrats have fallen in a very short time, I don’t know what could. What has your party come to when the only nationally-recognized Democrat leaders with steel in their spine are Joseph Lieberman, Zell Miller, and Hillary Clinton every other Thursday?
NNC – heli backstory not found (404 error). Good post!
>.
Actually, it is what we want. Parties should be held accountable for the policies that they advocate.
No one forced either party to take the positions that they took. No one forced them to divide along party lines, making this a party issue. Those decisions should matter.
The “winning” side will be lauded for being correct – what’s wrong with that? The losing side will be punished – that’s also what should happen.
During the Vietnam War the anti-war groups were basically unopposed; we were somewhere else. This time, those of us who served, are not going to let what happened to us happen to the men and women who now serve their country; we will do our best to prevent those in the military from being confronted and demeaned as many of us were. The Gathering of Eagles in March, to my knowledge, was the first time for a nationally organized anti-war demonstration to be confront by more anti-anti-war patriots; 3 times more veterans than anti-war demonstrators. This was our awakening; at our age we have the time, the money and the desire to do what we believe is right. Another Gathering will take place on September 15th when we show up in D.C. to support General Petraeus.
Let’s see if I can fix the links.
For more of the backstory of the helicopters on the Saigon roof, see this.
It appears that PJ considers me a spambot, and is blocking the link I’ve been trying to post. So, if anyone has an interest, just go to my blog and read today’s post entitled, “More about those helicopters on the Saigon roof.”
Well folks what has the “surge” shown us so far.
1. A counterinsurgency strategy of clear, hold, and rebuild, is working in Sunni parts of Iraq were the strategy is applied rigorously. General Petraeus’s strategy now is very different from previous years in that it is now an effort to secure population areas. This is opposed to the former practice of patrolling from large hub bases and reacting to insurgent activity. The former practice made targets of our soldiers and did little to influence insurgent spread into communities.
2. The counterinsurgency campaign is not producing a large increase in US casualties as some expected. In fact casualty rates are still similar to the second half of last year when insurgent activity was at it’s peak.
3. Insurgents forced out of Baghdad have popped up to take over cities in the North as feared by many detractors. New IA units have now backfilled for units taken earlier from northern Iraq for the first part of the “surge” in Baghdad. Effective intelligence operation have decimated attempts at increasing insurgent activity in Mosul, Baiji, and Tikrit. Insurgent are now restricted to rural areas and pockets in and around major population centers.
4. Local allies can be made especially in Anbar provence. In fact there seems to be no shortage of allies to be made in controlled areas. Whether this develops into the roots of local governance only time will tell.
5. Self policing has been much more effective in Sunni areas than anyone dared imagine. This only works in a rigorous security context where the locals receive consistent support from US and IA forces.
6. Areas of control are slowly expanding from Anbar into the Western fringes of Baghdad. The security situation for most areas of West Baghdad are improving with south west Baghdad still being a sore spot. The Thar Thar – Taji irrigation canal is somewhat of a boundary with areas to the north between Taji and Balad contested or still under AQI control.
While a lot has been accomplished with security operations against Al Quada in Iraq efforts against Sadr and JAM haven’t been nearly as extensive thus far. The US and IA simply don’t have enough forces to aggressively pursue both at the same time. Right now there is a policy to hold JAM in check and to go aggressively after bombing and rocket cells. Than there is the political situation surrounding the Iraqi government, which is a lengthy topic for another time.
That was “insurgents have NOT popped up to take over northern cities”
“It was the Dems in charge who won both WWI and WWII.”
That is true, but you may recall that Nixon’s Southern Strategy changed the orientation of the Dem Party by removing the conservative southern members from their caucus.
Interestingly, a good number of the Dem House freshmen are more conservative than the GOP folks they replaced. Philosophically, this explains why Pelosi can’t drive thru the radical left programs the House leadership talks about. Her majority evaporates on those type issues.![When Christians Get It Wrong - eBook - By: Adam Hamilton
When Christians Get It Wrong - eBook - By: Adam Hamilton
]()
When Christians Get It Wrong - dont start getting it right, we may lose an entire generation.
Author Bio
Product Reviews
- peg5 Stars Out Of 5Super StudyOctober 23, 2014pegQuality: 5Value: 5Meets Expectations: 5This review was written for When Christians Get It Wrong Revised.Great small group Bible Study. This really spiked some good honest conversations and led all of us to a closer relationship with Christ.
- KetchupPeopleAge: 45-545 Stars Out Of 5Wonderful points...makes one thinkMay 1, 2014KetchupPeopleAge: 45-54This review was written for When Christians Get It Wrong Revised.This is a really good book that brings up some important points to consider as a follower of Christ. We want to reach people for the Lord, and so we must put people above the rules. Love and compassion is what it is all about. Yes, God is love and truth, but we need to remember we are fallible humans and do not always "get it right". We need to be willing to listen with our hearts and be open enough to have a respectful discussion. If you have ever been hurt or alienated by Christians or the church, this is a good place to start in your spiritual journey to healing. If you love the Lord with all your heart and desire to make a genuine difference in the lives of those who have felt rejected or hurt, this is an important book to read.
Ask Christianbook
Ask Christianbook
Other Customers Also Purchased
- RVR 1960 Biblia Letra Grande Tamaño Manual con Referencias, negra piel especial con indice, RVR 1960 Hand Size Giant Print Reference Bible, Black Bonded Leather, Thumb-IndexedB&H Espanol / 2014 / Bonded Leather$29.49 Retail:
$43.99Save 33% ($14.50)Availability: In StockCBD Stock No: WW408848
- NIV Fire Bible for Kids Flex CoverMy Healthy Church / 2011 / Imitation Leather$37.995 Stars Out Of 5 1 ReviewsAvailability: In StockCBD Stock No: WW10448X?
Cagepotato Comments
Showing 1-25 of commentscomments
1) I don't speak russian, but I'm pretty sure he refers to himself as Fedor's brother. If anyone can translate I'd like to know.
2) Bob Sapp will not throw a single strike in this fight as he doesn't want to get injured, and he damn sure doesn't want to risk cutting Aleks and getting Hep A-Z.
3) If they have the CGI skills to do that title sequence, could they at least have tried to make some CGI stone statues for Aleks to smash rather than just show his ability to demolish sand sculptures like the villain in a beach scene from a cliched 80s movie kicking over a child's sandcastle?Broadway Commons Apartments1910 E. Broadway, Waukesha, WI 53188 View On Map (414) 914-2939.
Pricing & Floor Plans
Office Hours
- Open Daily For Your Convenience.
- Stop By Or Call Us Today.
Why You'll Love Us
Come on home! All that's missing is you. Broadway Commons is conveniently located close to shopping, recreation and within easy access to I-94 and the entire Metro-Milwaukee area.
Features & Amenities
- Five Star Apartment Community
- On Site Management 24/7
- Breakfast Bar
- Fitness/Health Center
- Oversized Closets
- Easy Access To I-94
- 2 Full Bathrooms
- Cathedral Ceilings Available
- Garages
- Sound Barriers
- Easy Access To The Entire Metro-Milwaukee Area
- Apply Online Today
- Designer Appliances
- Locked Entry Doors
- Washer & Dryer In Each Unit (Except Studio)
Floor Plan Features & Amenities
- Air Conditioning
- Private Balcony
- Private Patio
Maps & Directions
Professionally Managed By: Morgenson Realty Company, Inc
Also visit us here: Visit this Property's Website, Like us on Facebook, Visit our Blog
Pet Policies
Pets
No pets.Professional wrestling is full of things that fans consider underused, undervalued and under-appreciated. Whether its those little pre-match promo boxes in the corner of the screen, tag team wrestling or Drew McIntyre, there is always something that we feel should be used more or accentuated. To me, the most ignored and the most useful of all these is the tournament. It absolutely baffles me why tournaments are not used more frequently in WWE. It is almost as if WWE has some sort of aversion to the things, a natural dislike for them. Tournaments have traditionally played a huge role in wrestling, and as WWE consciously pushes itself further from the traditional notion of wrestling it seems that tournaments have been one of the victims. For shame I say, for shame. WWE needs tournaments now.
When thinking of WWE and round robin knockouts, King of the Ring is the one that springs to mind. John has touched on it on a few occasions, but WWE really is missing a trick by not having this an an annual PPV. Look at the history of King of the Ring and there isn't an argument against it. Careers have been launched from it, stagnating characters given a new lease of life through it. 'Stone Cold' Steve Austin is the most memorable of all of these, when in 1996 he was launched into the stratosphere with the birth of the Austin 3:16 phenomenon. When Brock Lesnar won in 2002, it was his first big victory in the company, giving him the legitimacy he needed. The 2001 King of the Ring solidified Edge as a singles competitor. After being stuck in comedy roles for years prior, William Regal regained his in ring status by making CM Punk tap to the Regal Stretch in 2008. Sure, there were duds along the way such as Billy Gunn and Mabel, but every single other winner of the tournament is a top range wrestler that benefited from it. The winners list reads as a 'Who's Who' in WWE/WWF history.
The King of the Ring has also given the company so so many memorable moments and memorable stories. The tournament set up is tailor made for story telling. Whilst people remember Austin winning in 1996 and his subsequent coronation, what is often forgotten here is the overarching story with regards to Jake Roberts at that event. This was his path to redemption, after years of battling demons with the help of religion. Hell, without Jake Roberts at that time Austin 3:16 might have never happened. Roberts was decimated in his semi final against Vader, injured ribs giving him an extra battle to face in the final. Gorilla Monsoon would come to the ring during the final and try to convince Jake to stop the match, which he of course refused. Roberts looked to have found his redemption, only to be snuffed out by a bloodthirsty rattlesnake. Austin would mock Roberts' preaching in his subsequent victory promo, and an entire era of professional wrestling was born. That late 1990s Steve Austin is also synonymous with beer is also too perfect with regards to Jake Roberts. The symmetry is so beautiful. This great character and great time was born out of the tournament.
In fact, the tournament is almost too perfectly designed for underdog stories. The most famous tournaments in WWE history pretty much have a guy in the final who is fighting against the odds. When Randy Savage won the World title tournament at WrestleMania IV, he did so after coming through the massive One Man Gang in the semi final. His final opponent, Ted Dibiase, had received a bye in the semi final. Heck, One Man Gang had even received a bye in the quarter final. This same formula was used in 1993 when Bret Hart won the King of the Ring. Hart defeated two guys to get to the final, his opponent Bam Bam Bigelow had received a semi final bye. In the final in 2010, John Morrison fought valiantly against eventual winner Sheamus, who had also received a semi final bye.
It is exactly this sort of story telling that would serve WWE perfectly now. One of the things that is missing at the moment is babyfaces in the midcard. The ones that are there are either horrifically stale (hey Kofi) or have lost way too many matches to be considered a threat to any of their equivalent heels. For instance, when Damien Sandow faces off against say, Justin Gabriel, we know who is winning. By having a tournament, be it a King of the Ring or even a number one contender tournament for a secondary title, a babyface in the middle of the card could receive credibility and provide a fresh face in the mix. They don't even have to win the tournament. Take the aforementioned Justin Gabriel, who is still just about fresh enough for this to work. By having him go through say Sandow and Antonio Cesaro before losing valiantly in the final against say, Cody Rhodes, you give the fans a reason to get behind him and make him a believable competitor. For a wrestler of his style, this is perfect. The same goes for Evan Bourne or Tyson Kidd. The tournament is a great tool for getting a face over.
Many great characters have also been born out of King of the Ring specifically. Who didn't love King Bookah? Booker T was at a time when he was stale as hell, and by winning the tournament and taking on probably the greatest British accent ever he received a new lease of life and another championship run. The Macho King was one of the best heels of the early 90s. Becoming the 'King of Harts' gave Owen Hart another string to his heel repertoire. As I mentioned last week, Steve Austin was floundering until his King of the Ring victory propelled his character to such great heights. Whilst not as memorable as some of the others, King Edge the Awesome was, well, awesome. Sure there has been some duds such as King Sheamus, but overall the King has only benefited from taking on the crown.
There is also so much scope for putting on fresh matches without any need for an overly contrived reason. A tournament is about competition, two wrestlers facing off for the win and nothing else. Fresh matches are another thing WWE seems to be lacking, a tournament allows for this. Cesaro vs. Christian, Sandow vs. Bourne, Bryan vs. Kidd, Regal vs. Cody. All fresh, all would be enjoyable, all can be done within a tournament without prior setting up. The history of tournaments is full of such matches, be it Bret vs. Bam Bam, Angle vs. Rikishi or Lesnar against RVD. I'm tired of seeing the same matches every week, and so is everyone else. Tournaments allow for the focus to move to competition itself, and sometimes some seriously great wrestling. An often overlooked tournament in WWE history was the Gold Rush tournament in 2005, won by Edge. The 8 guys involved were all elite workers, and the matches were consistently good. It also gave us freshness, such as the memorable Shawn Michaels match against Shelton Benjamin. The story is told through wrestling, which is what brought us all to the dance in the first place.
For some reason though, WWE seems a little averse to tournaments. It is alone in the world of professional wrestling in this regard. Pretty much every other promotion uses tournaments as a major part of their calendar. Two of the best shows of the professional wrestling year, if not the best two, are tournament based. These are Chikara's King of Trios and PWG's Battle of Los Angeles. Consistently year after year these shows are fantastic, and they allow for the continuation of stories in a fresh environment. King of Trios in particular is a wonderful wrestling show. I implore you to check it out. Tournaments allow smaller promotions to create stars, push rivalries and play out compelling stories, such as the Spectral Envoy road at Trios 2012.
The things I love most about wrestling, and a lot of others would agree, are compelling stories, characters I can get behind and great wrestling. The tournament structure gives the viewer all of this and more. It doesn't even need to be round robin knockout style. Imagine a mini-league for the tag teams in WWE, a couple of points for a win and the winners get a title shot. It gives the tag team division consistent air time, legitimizes the teams and creates inner stories. I would love to see this or an annual King of the Ring type deal in WWE, but if not I'm sure I can live with Trios and BOLA. What about you?
I'd love to know how you feel about tournaments in wrestling. Fill up that lonely comment space below, or send me an email at haraldmath@gmail.com. You can find me on the twitter with the handle @pingvinorkestra. I'm off to drink more Czech beer. Good day to you all!Hello, my name is GPS.
Please excuse my strange omniscient narration skills. Enjoy~
This first part will be an AkaFuri, don't like, don't read.
Disclaimer: Kuroko no Basuke is not mine~
Have you ever heard about the so-called "Red String of Fate"?
The myths and legends that the humans pass around to each other never seem to be completely correct, though they do sometimes come close.
While it's true that a red string might bind two lovers together, a thing like "fate" rarely ever plays a role, and the ones who know this best are the Angels and Devils governing over the mortal souls on Earth.
It was during his fourth year in the Underworld that Akashi Seijuurou noticed a fragile-looking red string tightly tied around his pinky. The crimson line had from appeared out of nowhere, but ever since then, the smallest finger of the man's left hand had been occupied without fail.
This type of thing wasn't actually a strange occurrence in the faction of Hell the red-haired man worked in. No, not at all.
After he had finished living out his human life, the redhead became one of the many who were reawakened in the Afterlife–a place which, frankly, wasn't much different from how it was on mortal Earth. It was more like a slightly different, parallel dimension. One that inhabited the same planes in the same time frame but never truly coincided with the world we know.
In this world, there were what the humans had long ago been able to see and had given names to: those that resided in the realm above were called "Angels" or "Seraphs", and below were the "Demons" and "Devils". Because of certain complications, however, it's been hundreds and thousands of years since they've lost the ability to properly see these transcendental beings.
But Akashi had been different.
From his birth until his death, a certain characteristic passed down from generation to generation in his family had allowed him to perceive the unearthly beings. It was both a blessing and a curse.
He had taken advantage of this "gift" to avoid calamity and find fortune, and had grown up to be a person with a great amount of influence on his fellow man.
Sadly for him, the powers he held had come at the heavy price of his life.
At the age of young age of twenty-eight, Akashi Seijuurou died an untimely death and left behind his wealth and legacy to an adoptive child. Though it was protested, he hadn't wanted to continue his bloodline and cause strife to his descendents; it was one of the reasons he made the decision not to father a biological heir.
Now, it was obvious that the red-headed man knew that the Afterlife existed. How could he not when he had practically lived through it when he was alive?
One thing he hadn't known, however, was that he would also become an entity of that universe one day.
Nothing much had changed though–even when dead, the heterochromatic-eyed man does not understand the concept of the word, "failure". From the day he entered as a simple grunt worker, he had quickly made his way up the ranks and, in his fourth year, had already become the head of his division in Tokyo. Quite an impressive feat if you ask me.
So, what kind of Dastardly Devilish work does he do? Well, the answer to that question might confuse you a bit.
A very common misconception is that all Devils and Demons are evil creatures hell-bent on the destruction of mankind and causing suffering for no apparent reason. This is one of the many things mortals get wrong.
Akashi and his team, even being Demons, specialize in the delicate workings of the human mindset, and even cooperate with the Angels in Heaven in order to do so. With the skills they hold, they make sure that the human world (or at least their region of it) will revolve more peacefully, and ensure that it would continue to do so for years to come.
They spend a lot of their time dealing with the sought-after, fickle, sometimes shallow, destructive, blind, and powerful emotion most commonly known as "love".
And do you know what they are?
Well, I guess that the easiest way to describe them would be to tell you what the humans call them by:
"Cupids".Welcome back to TV Fanatic's Grey's Anatomy Round Table!
Our Grey's Anatomy review broke down "Remember the: I!
lets see if christina will be able to handle everything in order after what happened. and same with Arizona if she'll be all different. Will she still be Ms. Opinionated?
I also think Lexie deserves better than to be eaten up by animals.
GA is still around for a reason. It still has a lot of loyal fans. There's always a select few that put in their two cents every year, wishing the show would end already. Go find another show to complain about if you dislike Greys so much.
Within the last week, I have read on spoiler sites that Arizona will have a surprise someone who helps her in her situation. I was disappointed to read that, as I was hoping that the someone would be Alex. However, I have seen so many posters asking on these sites & Twitter about a certain someone. I have absolutely nothing to go on but it hit me this morning, maybe the reason why we have heard nothing about this someone is, because it will be Jerry, the pilot to help Arizona. There has been zero written/said about him - Cristina said nothing about the pilot to Owen. Could it be that he is the surprise familiar someone to help her seeing he couldn't feel his legs when we last saw him & Arizona sat underneath the his window. Just askin' ... imo, it would be way cool.
To SA.. I hear you... more than that I think now it has become too gimmicky. GA's best times didn't include fancy musicals and time jumps--just great story telling.
1. Fave scene - toss up between Owen calming Cristina down the first time he saw her; and the last scenes leading to "You're my person".
2. Calzona! Obviously it's a long road for Arizona and her leg, but I'm ecstatic that they're giving Sara Ramirez good material to show her acting chops.
3. Not really plot holes but gaps - how they were rescued, Lexie's funeral and how everyone seems to have already moved on from her death, or why Mark Sloan seemed unaffected by it. Also in general I didn't like the multiple time jumps. It wasn't that they were confusing--I just thought they were unecessary.
4. Definitely. I think she'll be fired. She doesn't belong in that other place.
5. Absolutely agree! Awkward pauses when she's mentioned during conversations is not enough. Her death affects so many people. She should have had a "tribute" epi like Mark. And I thought the animals eating her was a bit distasteful.
1.Webber and Bailey helping Mer reunite with Zola. Mer's traumatic experience and devastation was clear to see, but she went into mommy mode. Also wise Mer's phone message for Cris.
2.Cris is working in a hospital where she can't be herself, she's at odds with everyone else. Get why she went, but Cris has chosen the wrong place to work
3.How Mer became Medusa
4.By the Christmas break
5.There have been hints about Mer's grief over Lexie will come to the fore when it's the MerCris episode. Lexie deserves that, but Mer's miscarriage was mentioned only in passing after it happened, so..
i was wondering when will GA show dr grey's breakdown. we all know that she is tough and had her ways of coping with tragedies in her life. i loved the scene where dr yang & dr grey attempted to get past their fear of flying. i am sure that dr yang will be back in sgmw hospital. how did dr yang got out of the cockoo's nest? i think arizona will have a harder getting better, so, tough times ahead for dr torres. as for dr mc dreamy, what's next? could she get dr grey back to neuro again? jackson is now the plastic surgeon, april is back & karev did not go to hopkins. so, what's next? is dr model coming back? these keeps me glued to the show more and more
favorite scene had to be cristina telling owen what happened in the woods..
i kinda agree that cristina has got it really bad.. i mean yes arizona lost her leg but she has a great family/support system trying to help her. Cristina on the other hand always goes through these horrible things and now she left so she has no support system.
of course cristina will come back to sgmw.. i really want them to show more about the grief for lexie.. *come on writers make me cry*
1. Best scene was with Mer and Christina- I'm your person. They clearly are. 2. Arizona's life changed the most. I just hope that they do it nicely. I really don't want her to be a moaning myrtle. 3. Everything was answered well enough... Even if Eric Dane decided to stay, it would have been very hard for them to explain how he made such an amazing recovery. He had a life threatening cardiac tamponade and his chances of survival was slim. So I feel that this burst they talked about was very plausible. 4. Yes she will be back. There is no question about it. At all. It will likely happen in the Mer/Chrstina centric episode that will air in early November. It will likely end with Christina pitching up at Mer's house needing a place to stay or something. 5. Again Lexie's death will be dealt with in the Mer/Chrstina centric ep. If chyler agreed to do one or two eps like Eric than maybe there could have changed the way she died and made it more meaningful.Davis Rabosky Lab
Davis Rabosky Lab
Welcome! We are the Davis Rabosky Lab in the Department of Ecology & Evolutionary Biology at the University of Michigan. Please explore the links above to learn more about who we are and what we do! Please feel free to email me with any questions or inquiries about positions in the lab.
Please also click here to check out current events at the University of Michigan Museum of Zoology (UMMZ)!
Links to recent lab news and other exciting things will be posted occasionally below.
Evolutionary biology at the university of Michigan
Our lab answers questions in three main research areas:
(1)character evolution, phylogenetics, and systematics
(2)animal behavior and evolution,
(3) the conservation and management of island endemics
Recent Lab News
Monday, January 14, 2013
The new website has been launched! There should be some updates (lab member profiles, especially) over the next few weeks as we finalize more content. Thanks for visiting!Here’s some good news for readers with the Savannah Morning news iPad app – there’s a new update available today.
There are two new features you’ll notice quickly:
- Story-view pages are easier to read. The type scrolls vertically now, and the columns don’t break at all. It’s an easier, faster read.
- Photos with stories on the story-view page also become mini-galleries. You’ll be able to swipe each photo to get to another. It doesn’t replace the larger slideshow function; it offers a second option to view photos with stories.
- The list of available issues goes from a date list to thumbnail images of each edition. You’ll be able to scan them by date and headline.
One note: You will need to use the new IOS5 update to get the most out of your app, so you’ll want to update the operating system soon if you haven’t already.
If you have access to an iPad and you haven’t tried the new Savannah Morning News app, you can find it at. While you are there, be sure to get the savannahnow.com news apps for your iPhone and Android devices. You can sign up for news text alerts, weather and more.
If you have tried the new app, let us know what you like and what you don’t like. Send me a note. We’re pushing more and more videos and photo galleries to each edition, and we want to know what else you’d like to see.
Send me a note at susan.catron@savannahnow.com or comment on this blog.
Thanks for reading.
Are trying to log in to the website or get the app?
The website login is accessible on the iPad, because that's what I use a good portion of the time.
It may be that you need to restart your iPad -- I have to do that now and then for several sites. in 2003, was released about noon Wednesday from the Huntsville Unit of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. Cowboys officials declined to comment on Goodrich’s release.
Goodrich is staying with a family member in North Texas and last night was welcomed home by about 50 family members and friends.
Goodrich was 24 when the accident occurred and he’s now 33. at the scene but was arrested the next day.
Read more on Goodrich’s release right here.
Goodrich was an All-America defensive back at Tennessee and also ran track. He was three-year starter for the Volunteers. In the 1999 Fiesta Bowl, Goodrich was assigned to cover Florida State wide receiver Peter Warrick. Goodrich intercepted a pass in the second quarter and returned it for a touchdown, helping the Volunteers win the game and the national championship that season. Goodrich was named the Fiesta Bowl defensive MVP.
Goodrich only played in 16 games for the Cowboys (11 in the 2002 season, starting one) and had eight tackles.
Follow me on Twitter: @dmn_georgeWeblink Items (21)
Implementing a Social Media Strategy Step-By-Step [DIAGRAM] | Social Media Today
Social Media Marketing Tips, Nuggets and Services
How to Create a Social Media Strategy for Your Business | Social Media Examiner
Here's a practical approach to developing a social media strategy for your business.
How To Develop a Social Media Strategy: A Roadmap for Integration — Very Official Blog
The problem with any new function in a business is deciding how it fits with existing operations. This could be the reason we see so many social media programs that operate in a sort of silo apart from other outreach.
Develop a Social Media Strategy in 7 Steps | Conferences and Events | Social Media Consulting - Convince & Convert
Social Media Strategy Blog Social Media Consulting
Developing a Social Media Strategy in 7 Steps
Tired of chasing shiny objects? This 7-step process helps you create a solid, measurable social media strategy for any o
17 Questions to A Social Media Strategy
The latest version of our social media planning framework. Answer the questions to develop a social media strategy. A si
Social Media: Strategy, Goals, ROI and case studies
Social media is just one tool for your inbound marketing strategy. Make sure you are using your time correctly and effec
The Biggest Social Media Mistakes (a Jay Baer Interview) | Social Media Examiner
Social media marketing strategy is easy to understand when explained by Jay Baer of Convince And Convert.
Top 10 Ways to Become a Real Social Media Expert
The headline is shared mostly in jest, but this topic is one worthy of serious attention. The question at hand is whether or not the general advice shared
Jay Baer Interview on Vimeo
Interview Jay Baer of Convince And Convert. Jay provides social media consulting to leading businesses. In this video, Jay offers social media tips to help businesses succeed.
YouTube - Social media strategy 2010
Channelship Web Agency share with you their blog strategy for 2010. Prepare pen and paper to capture great tips!
90+ Essential Social Media Resources
Check out our extensive list of social media, business, mobile and tech resources. No matter what you're into, you're sure to find it here!.
KISS: Social Media Strategy For Entrepreneurs | Penn Olson
Penn Olson - Your Social, Media, Brand Catalog.
What is Social Media Campaign? @ Go Social
The foundation of society has been build upon the strength of connections between people. It is the relationships between people that define community. At the heart of these communities lie the common belief and common cause. Taking this form of social model into consideration gives a clear meaning to online social platforms.
Communities either offline or online is a tremendous opportunity for businesses to leverage their products and services. But how does a social media campaign start and what defines it?
Social Media Strategy from A to Z » Techipedia | Tamar Weinberg
Social media might be old. It might even be a dead buzzword. That's why you need to paint a picture that's more meaningful and encompasses what social media
7 Ways To Get The CEO Crazy For Social Media Marketing | Jeffbullas's Blog wh
HOW TO: Better Serve the Social Media Customer
Here's a look at how each department can blend traditional and social media to drive business goals and collaborate on a seamless customer experience.
4 Proven Steps to Facebook Page Success | Social Media Examiner
A winning formula to create a successful, thriving and engaging Facebook page
Get Your Social Media Operations Act Together | Blogging and Content Creation | Social Media Consulting - Convince & Co
Social Media Strategy Blog Social Media Consulting
10 Tips for Corporate Blogging : Technology :: American Express OPEN Forum
In a world where small businesses with corporate blogs receive 55 percent more traffic than small businesses that don't blog, companies should be taki
Related Bags (10)
><<
The art of social media marketing
Great posts on social media and social media marketing #SocialMedia #Marketing
Social Media metric tools
Tools to help guage ROI and track effective campaigns
Social Media
all things social media related (well maybe not all)
Social Media: Tools & Discussions
Compiled by Shuey Fogel, the Nonprofit Banker.
Social Media Books
There are a bunch of books that can help improve your thinking about the value of social media. #SocialMedia #Books
Social Media
Tags for social media pages
Social Media tools
Social Media Marketing For Beginners
Step-by-step guides to Social Media.
Social Media Measurement Tools and Documents
Tools and documents for social media measurement, tracking and analysis. #SocialMedia #Measurement #Analysis
BagTheWeb Suggests
_13<<...Your Home is My Home
From DramaWiki
(Redirected from Your Home Is My Home)
Sponsored links
Details
- Title: 歡喜來逗陣 / Huan Xi Lai Dou Zhen
- Also known as: Your Home is My Home
- Genre: Family comedy (Mandarin / Taiwanese dialect)
- Episodes: 161
- Broadcast network: CTS
- Broadcast period: 2008-Jan-31 to 2008-Sep-17
- Air time: Weekdays 20:00-22:00
- Opening theme song: Ke Ai De Zabo (可愛的查某) The Cute Woman by Zhang Yu
- Ending theme song: San Xia (傘下) Under the Umbrella by Zhang Yu
Synopsis?
Cast
- Miao Ke Li as Shi Shan Yi 石珊怡
- Zhang Yu as Shi Rei Ke 石瑞克
- Sam Wang as Shi Mai Ke 石麥可
- Yang Ming Wei as Shi Qiang Ni 石強尼
- Zhang Chen Guang as Huang Hui Hong 黃輝宏
- June as Huang Wan Ting 黃婉婷
- Joyce Chao as Huang Xiao Lei 黃曉蕾
- Amanda Chu as Huang Shu Qi 黃書琪
- Tuo Zong Hua as Sun Zheng Liang 孫正良
- Lin Mei Xiu as Zhao Han Yan 趙含煙
- Li Jia Wen as Jin Tang Ni 金湯尼
- Zhang Ben Yu (張本瑜) as Yu Ai Lin 余艾琳
- Bai Yun (白雲) as Zhu Rou Rong 豬肉榮
- Zhang Tian Lin as Da Feo 大飛
- Yvonne Yao as Shi Yun Yun 施芸芸
- Lance Yu as Bodyguard D
- Qu Zhong Heng as Mr. Chen 陳先生
- Phoebe Huang as Mrs. Chen 陳太太
- Ming Jin Cheng (明金城) as Hong Kong director
- Qiu Long Jie (邱隆杰) as Da Pao 大砲
- Riva Chang as Lian Ke Xin 連可欣
- Chen Bo Zheng as Zeng You Cai 曾由才
- Liang You Lin as Amy
- Chen De Lie as Jacky
- Yao Yuan Hao as George
- Wang Zheng Wei as Xiao Xun 小勳
- Lin Li Yang
- Deng An Ning (鄧安寧)
- Ke Shu Qin as Zhu Li Zhen 朱麗珍
- William Xie as Shi Wu 石武
- Hong Xiao Ling as Zhang Jin Hua 張金花
- Wei Wei (瑋瑋) as Ru Nan 如男
- Dou Zhi Kong as Li Zheng Xin 李正新
- Li Yi (李易) as Xu Hao Wei 徐浩偉
- Queenie Tai
- Xie Kun Da as Shi Da Wei 石大衛
- Jessey Meng as Peng An Na
- Wang Juan as A Juan
- Nie Yun (聶雲) as Li Guo Hao
- Xiang Yu Jie
Production Credits
- Producer: Wang Jun 王鈞 / Ma Jing Da 馬競達
- Director: Ming Jin Cheng 明金城 / Yang Guan Yu 楊冠玉
- Screenwriter: Ye Jia Ling 葉家玲 / Chen Yu Jun 陳昱均 / Wang Xiu Xian 汪秀賢 / Chen Hong Jie 陳虹潔 / Yu Yuan Yuan 禹元元
Episode Ratings
Source: Chinatimes ShowbizSorry, this activity has already happened
Get Into Golf (Barnham Broom)
Barnham Broom Golf Club, Norwich
Run by: Active Norfolk
Similar activities
- Wednesday 27 May
WED 27 MAY
WED 27 MAY
- Thursday 28 May
THU 28 MAY
More BBC Get Inspired activities
Encouraging participation in sport and fitness activities across the UK.
Visit the BBC Get Inspired website
WED 27 MAY
WED 27 MAY
THU 28 MAYAs is frequently the case as I pursue knowledge on my own time I park it for a while until I get the urge again. I’ve got the urge again. I want to learn. I want to get this stuff so I can create. I have the brain capacity for it, it’s just a matter of setting and achieving goals. Cramming that stuff into my brain parts so it can leap from idea to fingers to workable code.
My goal when I started this journey was a both too ambitious and too vague. Learn enough Python to be able to make a game. I technically achieved that as I made a simplistic game using Python. It was really more of a hacked version of a step-by-step guide on how to create a Battleship clone using PyGame. I added win loss tracking, although I wasn’t able to figure out how to sustain that across game sessions. Every time the game was closed the wins and losses went away and restarted at zero. I tried to figure out how to export those statistics on close and import them when the game was launched, but was unsuccessful.
Through Codecademy I completed the entire jQuery track, except for the final challenge, which was to make something. I did write a bunch of code and was trying to create a simple version of Pong. I made it pretty far and was proud of what I’d done, but it was never quite complete and working. It almost worked, except the ball had a tendency to get stuck to the paddles if it hit the top or bottom edge. I couldn’t figure out why that was happening, so never submitted it as completed. It had score tracking as well, but I couldn’t get the placement or display to work correctly. The score wouldn’t update even though I did verify that the variable itself was updating on scoring. Well, I verified that if 7 points were scored the Game Over/New Game screen would appear. So, I knew it was tracking it, but couldn’t figure out why it wasn’t displaying correctly.
Anyway, that’s stuff I did. I have a lot to learn and get better at. I haven’t touched this stuff in some time, unfortunately. I started playing Dwarf Fortress again after the .40 update and it made me want to get back into learning. I want to create. I want to troubleshoot and solve problems. Part of the reason I stopped was I got busy with other life stuff. Wedding, writing, improv. Improv takes a lot out of me. I love doing improv, but my mind reels when I do a show I felt wasn’t totally successful. I hold myself to high standards and if I don’t achieve them it’s difficult for me to excuse myself.
So, I’m starting over. I’m starting at the bottom. My goal is simple and attainable. Program for 2 hours everyday. Go through each Codecademy lesson. That is my goal. I will achieve this by November 1st. In November I plan to edit the novel I wrote for NaNoWriMo in 2012. Every time I start editing I get intimidated and put it down. I’ve been editing the first chapter for two years. I mean, I haven’t sunk a lot of time into editing, but it’s time to forge through that and really edit and hone and expand where needed. I have a lot of good stuff in there, but I need to sort it out, find the weak spots and improve it.
I’m excited to get back to learning. I want to program for a living. I know I’m capable. I need to set realistic goals and achieve. It starts over today.
SOCIAL REPORT
44%
ksk-steinfurt.de is very popular in Google Plus and Stumble Upon.
It is liked by 2 people on Facebook and it has 8 google+ shares.
This CoolSocial report was updated on 3 Jun 2013, you can refresh this analysis whenever you want.
Ksk-steinfurtsk-steinfurt homepage on Facebook + the total number of page likes (if ksk-steinfurt has a Facebook fan page). The total number of people who shared the ksk-steinfurt homepage on Delicious. This is the sum of two values: the total number of people who shared the ksk-steinfurt homepage on Twitter + the total number of ksk-steinfurt followers (if ksk-steinfurt has a Twitter account). The total number of people who shared the ksk-steinfurt homepage on StumbleUpon. The total number of people who shared the ksk-steinfurt ksk-steinfurt.de as detected by CoolSocial algorithms.
ksk-steinfurt ksk-steinfurt.de
The date ksk-steinfurtsk-steinfurt.de will expire. The owner usually renews every year its domain, but some prefer buying more than a year only. The registar is the authority where ksk-steinfurt.de is registered.- One-touch button operation quickly grinds fresh coffee for drip coffee makers, french presses and percolators
- Its adjustable grind strength allows for grinding enough coffee for an 8-cup french press or up to 12 cups of coffee
- Also works well with grinding dry herbs and spices
- Convenient footprint fits neatly on the counter top or stores easily in a cupboard as its power cord disappears in the bottom of the unit
- Additional features include auto shut-off, built-in timer; and its one second stopping action and transparent lid add to operational safety
- 4-ounce capacity
- Easy to maintain, simply wipe clean with a cloth or towel
- Measures 3.5"L x 4"W x 9.4"H
- 1-year warranty
- UL listed
- Imported
- Model # 1105
SKU # 40754581
Pneumatic and hydraulic technicians in high demand worldwide are fortunate enough to work on some of the most interesting projects, from tunnel-boring under the English Channel to the diamond mines of South Africa, to fishing and seafood processing on Kodiak Island, Alaska.
That said, this industry now faces a crisis concerning the operator’s skill level, which varies from slim to almost none, according to Rory McLaren, founder of the Fluid Power Safety Institute. He believes hydraulic maintenance workers can benefit from labels, which would put the rules, instructions, warnings, and other critical training tips right in their faces.
“The maintenance industry is in poor shape,” he says. “Ninety percent of the people working on hydraulics have no training at all. It’s an occupational free-for-all.”
Stay on schedule
Given the nature of these multimillion-dollar projects, it’s more cost-effective to perform scheduled maintenance and service on hydraulics and pneumatics rather than make repairs once these projects are underway.
“Just like getting blood drawn at the doctor, proper oil sampling is the key to determining the condition of internal hydraulic components,” says Ben Opp, inside sales representative at Pirtek Chicago, a mobile hydraulic service. “With today’s ever-increasing working pressures and ever-decreasing operating tolerances, factory-installed, full-flow filtration is simply not sufficient to catch the majority of the particles that actually wear down your components.”
Opp also says that to remove the 3- to 13-µm liquid sandpaper contaminants, which are always present in hydraulic systems, requires additional “kidney loop” filtration.
According to Brendan Casey, author of Insider Secrets to Hydraulics (insidersecretstohydraulics.com), more than 70% of spare parts sold for hydraulic equipment are used to replace defective components. And improper operation or maintenance causes 90% of these defects. Considering the high expense of these components, statistics suggest that inadequate or nonexistent maintenance practices cost hydraulic equipment users billions of dollars every year.
Smart labeling practices
McLaren suggests specific examples of effective hydraulic maintenance labeling:
- Safety warnings could be made for specific, limited situations. Many companies leave themselves susceptible to substantial jury awards because they ignore something as simple as a warning decal. This is typically referred to as “failure to warn.”
- Critical operating parameters should be posted on every hydraulic system.
- Post normal operating parameters on all machinery; therefore, operators can detect abnormal variations during the machine’s operation.
- Information such as operating temperatures, temperature drops across heat exchangers, pump and motor case pressures, pump inlet restriction, operating pressures, pump flows, hydraulic motor displacement, and accumulator pre-charge pressures should be posted in a way that’s easily accessible for mechanics.
Spelling out every-day working hazards aids both trained and untrained workers. McLaren likes to see signs that say:
- “To be serviced and repaired by trained authorized personnel only.”
- “Do not crack connectors to de-energize a hydraulic system. Discharging hydraulic oil to atmosphere can lead to severe injury, severe eye injury or blindness, substantial property damage, or death.”
- “Disconnect the battery and de-energize the hydraulic system before performing services, adjustments, or repairs.”
- “Do not test components by discharging oil into atmosphere. Discharging oil to atmosphere can cause severe injury, death, or substantial property damage.”
- “The hydraulic oil in this system is hot enough to cause second- and third-degree burns. Do not loosen connectors until the oil temperature is below 80°F.”
It’s counterproductive to bury important machine operating parameters in some manual no one reads, so posting machine operating parameters at the user’s fingertips is essential to communications. Manufacturers can help technicians, too, by posting normal and abnormal component leakage rates on their machines.
Label specifics
Such posted material does not consist of one- or two-word generic messages that can be found in sign or label catalogs. As a result, industry leaders such as Eaton Hydraulics and Chicago Pneumatic rely on DuraLabel systems to create and control content posted on signs and labels. They must be oil- and chemical-resistant, UV-resistant, and perform in environments with temperatures ranging from -40° to 302°F.
“Special attention needs to be given to color-coding and font clarity on labels,” says Jeffrey Ruth, an industrial product manager for HYDAC, a provider of hydraulic products and accessories to utilities, pulp, and paper mills and the pharmaceutical industry. “Critical procedure labeling is crucial to help plant personnel sequence their activities when completing dangerous tasks in safe and reliable ways. Also, warnings and notification labels help workers complete their jobs with fewer accidents and personal injuries.”
Plant managers can boost productivity and reduce downtime through proper preventive maintenance of hydraulic products and services, while increasing the sophistication and practicality of training. New technologies as well as tried-and-true preventive maintenance solutions include condition monitoring of the working fluid, monitoring of axial piston leakage flows, and automatic lubrication of moving parts and bearings.
Jack Rubinger, is with Graphic Products Inc., which manufactures DuraLabel sign and label printers, for the industrial workplace. For more information, visit, email jarubinger@graphicproducts.com, or call (800) 788-5572, extension 3024.Buy
Buying With Us
Mortgages
Sell
Selling With Us
Your Home's Value
Redwood
Agents
Offices
Relocation
Property Management
Join Redwood
Search
Neighborhood Search
Metro Search
Selling With Century 21 Redwood Realty
c21redwood
>
Selling With Century 21 Redwood Realty
The name of the game in selling homes is finding qualified buyers and matching them with skilled local agents. There are plenty of technologically skilled firms that have the web platform, but lack the local expertise to actually transform their web traffic into prospective buyers. Similarly, there are many experienced agents that completely lack the technological skills or resources to connect with today's homebuyers.
At CENTURY 21 Redwood Realty we have taken every step to optimize our web presence and educate our agents on the latest real estate and web trends. With the industry's brightest minds and our comprehensive web platform we are able to market our listed homes with a unique blend of new and traditional Real Estate techniques.
Century 21 Local Expertise
Local Expertise, Global Reach
While the internet has truly. In promoting our listings, we leverage this exposure by providing our local agents with the greatest tools to connect with their clients, creating an army of local experts with truly global reach!
Century 21 Redwood Realty Website
Your Home Optimized for the Web!
With more and more people using the internet to enhance their home search, it is essential to work with a firm that understands how to get your home in front of as many people as possible. All of our listings are advertised through industry leading sites like Realtor.com, zillow.com, yahoo.com, trulia.com & washingtonpost.com and showcased on c21redwood.com and century21.com. We also utilize non-traditional sites like craigslist.org, militarybyowner.com, as well as social media destinations like Facebook and Twitter to maximize your home's exposure to potential buyers.
Professional Home Photography
Professional Photography
We view the sale of Real Estate as a visual art and your home is our subject! We will work with you to stage your home in an optimal manner that works for your budget, time frame & lifestyle and then we bring in a professional photographer to capture your home in crisp wide-angle photographs, which will be used as the building blocks for our marketing materials.
Century 21 Listing Brochure PDFs
Stunning Full-Color Brochures
Touring homes can be a dizzying experience for prospective homebuyers and even the nicest of homes can get lost in the shuffle without the right marketing. With this in mind, we have done extensive research to create the industry's best brochures that showcase our homes in their ideal light. These brochures are displayed both on the inside and outside (when possible) of your home.
Century 21 Redwood Realty YouTube Channel
Virtual Tours/YouTube Videos
Our virtual tours are not slide shows of random photos, we hand pick each professionally shot photo to tell the narrative of our listed homes. The goal here is simple: We want to use our stunning photos to "grab" as many qualified people online and bring them through our listings. Our state of the art viewer presents HD images, and works with a wide variety of bandwidths - which translates to more people having access to your home listing. We also display all of our virtual tours on our c21redwoodTV channel on YouTube.
Century 21 Listing Open House
Open Houses
We are the hardest working firm in Real Estate and this ethic is reflected in our liberal provision of Open Houses for our listed homes. As neighborhood experts, we welcome the chance to meet neighbors and prospects while showcasing the features of our properties. Our agents are specifically trained in the "art" of presenting homes in the Open House context.
Redwood Realty Team
A Team Approach
While we are a part of the world's most recognized Real Estate brand, at our heart we are a boutique firm providing our clients with personalized service. Our office design encourages agent collaboration in problem solving and our Broker/Owners pride themselves in always being available to assist clients and agents. From day one we have made a conscious effort to take a quality over quantity stance, so when you work with Redwood, you know that you're working with the best!
Agents
|
Offices
|
Mortgages
|
Home Search
|
Search By Neighborhood
|
Search By MetroView Colours
A repainted console table adds charm to this space.
Autumn in Canada is all about warm, earthy colours that balance that invigorating chill in the air. It is without a doubt my favourite season for fashion—I just love stepping into my boots again, layering sweaters and adding the latest colour of scarf to my collection!
It's also an exciting time for home décor as we leave the outdoor decorating and begin to focus on our interior living spaces, preparing for the entertaining season that begins early with Canadian Thanksgiving!
Even though I hate to be reminded right after the start of the new school year that the holiday season is fast approaching, it's never too soon to start thinking about revamping your interior. Fortunately, there's no need to invest next year's summer vacation budget—a few changes can make all the difference!
Now is the perfect time to write your "to—do" list and take care of those shaky door handles, dripping faucets and creaking doors, and to have a quick look around your home. Which rooms need to be refreshed? Is it time to spruce up your current décor? Even if it's not time to repaint all the walls, it's amazing how a touch of colour can transform a whole room!
In this hallway, we simply repainted a console table with warm, orange—based claret rose (2008-20) without changing the butter pecan (OC-89) wall colour. It's an inexpensive and very effective way to add pizzazz to the front entrance. We removed the middle shelf to make the table feel lighter and added some wicker baskets to create storage space and a decorative accent without cluttering the overall look.
A few framed photos were stylishly arranged on the table, while dark mustard (2161-30) accessories give it the finishing touches. The wall piece was hung just a few inches above the table to create an artful vignette. Freshly cut flowers and champagne glasses are eagerly awaiting your guests!
And don't forget that paint is the most versatile and best way to create a thousand and one variations for a room or a piece of furniture at very little cost.
Happy decorating!
Sharon
Get more decorating ideas from Sharon Grech.
Visit our Colour Gallery to view our thousands of beautiful colours.
Note: On-screen and printer colour representations may vary from actual paint colours.Back in August 2011, Standard & Poor’s lowered the U.S. credit rating[1] from the gold standard of AAA down to AA- and placed the country on its creditwatch list. The downgrade was a significant event, although fears that the system would collapse from the action proved unfounded.
As we slowly close in on that ignominious one-year anniversary, what has changed?
Well, the markets are somewhat stronger now but are showing no real direction, and the economy continues to muck around, looking for some way to sustain its recovery. Indeed, heading into the summer, election season and fall budget session, it’s unlikely we’ve earned that AAA rating back.
The world still views the U.S. as the best economy and risk out there, but is there anything that’s better (read: less risky) than U.S. debt?
Why, yes, there is. Four AAA-rated companies, conveniently located on American soil: ADP (NYSE:ADP[2]), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ[3]), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT[4]) and Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM[5]). More important, with the 10-year Treasury yielding 1.65%, these stocks not only have better credit than the U.S., but they have dividend yields that represent up to 224 basis points of premium over the T-note.
Does the premium and rating mean the companies are immune from downward stock price moves? Of course not. But these dividend stocks all have steady businesses and all also have the potential for capital gains. With that in mind, let’s take a look at these four AAA-rated stocks that are better buys than U.S. debt:
ADP
ADP (NYSE:ADP[2]) simply provides business outsourcing solutions. Yeah, and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL[6]) just makes computers.
ADP offers a range of human resource, payroll, tax and benefits administration products. The company also provides integrated computing services to equipment manufacturers and retailers. Make no mistake: These guys are fist-deep in the technology-based age of information and services.
ADP has the lowest market cap of our AAA-rated companies at $26 billion, but smaller does not mean weaker. A 13% profit margin, 22% return on equity, $1.9 billion in operating cash flow, $2 billion in cash and a paltry debt load provide a solid fundamental base. And it’s a dependable dividend stock[7] — a steady 40-cent quarterly payout provides an attractive yield around 3%.
Johnson & Johnson
Quick quiz: What was the last year Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ[3]) did not raise its dividend? 1971, when it had yet to start paying one. With this year’s dividend hike, JNJ has been increasing payouts for 50 straight years, putting it among the most dependable dividend stocks[8]..
Microsoft
Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT[4]) is just another word for software. The Windows operating system and the Office products suite it spawned remain the most ubiquitous software products in the world, despite the best efforts of the rest of the planet to get people and businesses to adopt a different platform.
Microsoft also has the country’s No. 2 Internet search engine, Bing, and has moved into cloud-based computing services with the Windows Live Essentials suite. With other efforts aimed at phones, video games and online advertising, there is virtually no sandbox in which Microsoft doesn’t play.
With a $244 billion valuation, Microsoft is the third-largest company in the U.S. by market capitalization. It boasts a 32% profit margin, 38% return on equity, $58 billion in cash and $30 billion in operating cash flow, all built on a measly $13 billion in debt.
MSFT is a little slow in doling out some of that lucre to shareholders in the form of dividends, but give the company credit for at least increasing the payout steadily — and appreciate your 2.7% yield.
Exxon Mobil
Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM[5]) is to the oil industry as the U.S. is to the world: really, really big and important.
XOM is perhaps the world’s foremost energy exploration and production company. It manages to wring cost and margin out of every price p0int in the supply chain, and it works to stay ahead of the competition at every turn. And though your first thoughts turn to oil, Exxon is now the globe’s largest producer of natural gas.
Exxon also is run on a shoestring-tight budget, which is why this $373 billion company pumps out a 9% profit margin in a difficult market, a whopping 25% return on equity, has an $18 billion cash war chest and an astounding $56 billion in operating cash flow. This dependable dividends stock[9] rewards investors every year, and the stock now pays out $2.28 per share for a yield of 2.85%.
Marc Bastow is an Assistant Editor at InvestorPlace.com. As of this writing, he was long MSFT, JNJ and XOM.The 2010 Colondar
THE 2010 COLONDAR
The Colon Club’s 6th Edition of the Colondar is now available!
The 2010 Colondar is another stunning take on fourteen colorectal cancer survivors all diagnosed under the stereotypical age of 50. As with every Colondar, the featured survivors proudly show off their surgical scars and share a snipit of their extraordinary personal stories, proving that this is a disease that can happen to anyone, at any age.
Along with the photos and inspirational stories of hope and survivorship, the 2010 Colondar features U.S. holidays, facts about colorectal cancer and a resource page. It is especially encouraging for people recently diagnosed, or for friends or family to be used as a reminder of why they should get screened.
Click here to read about the 2010 2010 Colondar now. Buy one for your favorite gastroenterologist, medical student, nurse practitioner or patient.
The price of the 2010 Colondar is $16.50 including shipping & handling. We cannot accept international orders online, so please e-mail for more information. No refunds. Colondars damaged during shipping will be replaced.
Interested in modeling for the 2011 Colondar? We are looking for anyone who was diagnosed with colorectal cancer under the age of 50. If you are interested in modeling, please e-mail to receive an application!
***Interested in sponsoring a page in the 2010 Colondar? Hurry! They’re going fast! Please e-mail for information!***RHONDA was 10 when she was sent to St John’s Orphanage in Thurgoona back in the late 1960s.
By the time she left “in the very early 1970s” she had suffered abuse that haunts her to this day.
“Yes, I was sexually abused and physically abused while I was in institutionalised care, which was purely at St John’s,” she said.
Rhonda did not want to go into the detail, saving it for her confidential testimony to the Royal Commission into Child Sexual Abuse.
St John’s might have called itself an orphanage, but few of the 2000-plus girls who passed through its doors from 1882 to 1978 had actually lost both parents.
Instead, many came from broken homes where one parent, usually the father, had deserted the family or died, leaving their partner unable to cope.
Those who lived at the Sisters of Mercy orphanage have told of a hard life in primitive, harsh conditions, where tough discipline was often handed out — for misdemeanours as minor as talking while walking to church.
The nuns, untrained for childcare, had little government funding and relied on charity.
Some nuns were remembered kindly, though others were known for being “very hard” to the girls.
Rhonda said she didn’t know of other former St John’s children locally with the same experience of abuse.
“But there are people in Albury-Wodonga who have gone and given testimony at the royal commission,” she said.
“And there are others who I’m talking to and encouraging because they are thinking about it.”
Rhonda said one man had told her that giving testimony was not the easiest or the hardest thing he had ever done.
“He is just relieved that he was able to give testimony,” she said.
Rhonda said going to the commission was an important part of the healing process.
“I know that people who have been abused in those ways have shame — even though they were children — for allowing it to happen,” she said.
“How does a child stop that from happening?
“For many years there was a fear of condemnation if you spoke up.”
Rhonda urged anyone who wanted to give evidence to the commission to call Care Leavers of Australia Network on 1800 008 774, or the commission on 1800 099 340.- We!
- Those gifts you uh.....REALLY didn't need.
- Free topo maps for GPS unit
- Happy Boxing Day!
- Saved by smoke alarm Christmas evening
- Wheel stuck on car.
- Will a headphone amp improve quality?
- Auto Racing.
- Turkey Connaisseurs ... share your cooking secrets
- So what did you get today?
- I drink alone...
- Merry Christmas all you Foosters
- OK, I respect women a little bit more now...
- Your favourite Xmas movies?
- Riding Christmas day
- Fireplace vs. stove
- The Sisko Kidd was a friend of mine
- What part of what I tell you do you not Understand
- Christmas in Salt Lake City?
- Merry christmas
- home made dog food
- What's your yard look like for Christmas?
- Enjoy!
- Happy birthday Tom Stormcrowe
- Dude. iPad.
- "Celestial" portraits
- Just got a sick Bonsai tree, need help.
- Questionable Landscape Design
- Tail is good
- Cat derails train!
- The honesty thread
- What are you shooting this holiday season? Camera wise.
- Show us your Festivus Pole!
- The 12 Days of Foomas
- I think I've seen it all now
- on line computer back up
- Tiger Woods Voted AP Athlete of the Decade, Lance Armstrong 2nd???...
- on line computer back up services
- Fuzzbox on Rachel Maddow
- New Dr. Who episodes.....
- NORAD Tracks Santa
- Something on this product's label doesn't seem right
- Cats in toilet
- Training for the Iditarod has started.
- Oh Lord it Makes Me Cringe
- I got offered a new credit card with a great interest rate...
- Nintendo Wii
- Apple TV: educate me
- How do you guys get married and divorced so often?!
- Need a Holiday Dip Recipe
- Stupid victim stories
- Good untangling spray for rebel hair?
- Dexter Fans-What did you think of how the season ended!
- Christmas music that makes me think of foo.
- WTF is in my Salad???Motorcycles are cool. That’s a fact that a lot of people have tuned into and the past 10 years have taken it to a new level. With TV shows, hundred thousand dollar bikes that might not even make it a single block, websites, giant bike shows, and a demographic echoing the spirit of the bikers of days past… like all things, motorcycle also follow the bell curve of style and trend. Having lived and breathed motorcycles since my first days on this planet, sometimes these realities are frustrating and confusing. With so many new faces on the scene each day, it seems there is a certain amount of authenticity and history missing… perhaps simply because the current wave of enthusiasts have not had time to create it yet. But as with any cycle, there remain some true historians among the newer folks. I like to think of them as Legends. They are the riders who measure their days of riding in decades. They have had more bikes than they can remember; and for every bike they have ever had, they have a million stories and memories to go along with it. When riding, out on back roads or on the interstate, they're existing in their preferred state of being. Most of them even still wave to passing riders. These folks, the Legends, they inspire me. And I’m sure, everyone who loves motorcycles. We can be like them, and carry on the spirit of their legacy.
Scott Longvall is one such legend, a genuine classic. I met Scott through a mutual friend. They came by the shop to see if I would be willing to help with a clutch issue on his Chief. Naturally, I was honored and said of course! After some research, some investigating and a lot of excitement, I was able to successfully repair the bike. Since then I’ve had the opportunity to do some other minor service work, and also had a chance to get to know Scott. He’s told me some great stories about his adventures on the Chief. From bombing around in the sand pits with his buddies, to sliding 50ft sideways through a corn field after getting run off the road, to cruising two up with his Wife on a quiet back road. Scott and the Chief have, as of this year, been paired up for 40 consecutive years, and he still rides it as much as he can. He says “it runs like a top,” and even after the corn field slide, that the bike “fired right back up!”
Scott started his journey into motorcycles the same way many of us do. As a young man, he was at a vintage motorcycle show and saw an old timer ride in on a 1920’s Reading Standard. He said the bike and the man made such an impression on him, he knew that someday he wanted to be “that guy.” Since that day he has owned a number of bikes, at one point 7 simultaneously. But his true love has been his 1948 Indian Chief. Even as his family grew and his priorities changed, and it came time to sell off all the other bikes, he “never thought to sell” the Chief.
There was a connection between Scott and the Chief immediately. A bike that no one else seemed to want, from the time he learned of its presence in a local shop, Scott could not get it out of his mind. Every day for weeks he went to the shop and asked if the bike was for sale. And every day the owner would say, “you don’t wana buy that bike,” and turn him away. His persistence did eventually pay off however, and a deal was struck. In trade for a 1962 Studebaker Lark with a blown up motor and 500 bucks cash, Scott could take the bike. The only other catch was, at that point in time, no one knew if it ran…A point that the owner kept harping on.
Knowing he was going to buy the bike regardless if it ran or not, Scott decided to have a little fun with the owner. Early on the day of the dealings, Scott and a buddy, who had a key to the shop, rolled the bike out before the owner had arrived. Curious to see if they could get it running, they did a bit of tinkering, checking compression, checking spark, and it all seemed good. Next they added some gas, some oil and started kicking.
Kick. Kick. Kick.
To their amazement, the bike fired up! Overjoyed, they quickly returned the bike to its original position, making it look undisturbed, and waited. When the owner got there, he kept telling Scott that it may not run and that it was an AS-IS deal. Scott smiled and said that was fine. So when the business end was handled, and the Indian fired up on the first kick, the look on the shop owner’s face must have been priceless.
In his 40 years with the Chief, Scott has made some cosmetic changes and has had to make some repairs. The motor has seen one full rebuild from the bottom end up, and two top end jobs. The bike came with some crappy paint job, and for the first few years Scott just rode it that way. He did eventually decide to have it painted back to the factory styling, and that, he said is when he “decided to stop riding it in the sand pits.” He’s never had a working speedometer, despite fixing it once, but did upgrade the electronics to 12 volt some years ago. The bikes gone through plenty of tires and oil, and Scott’s decided that he likes the patina the bike has acquired, washing it only occasionally in the interest of safety inspections. As for the girder front-end, plunger frame and sprung seat, well they make for a “smooth ride,” Scott says. “It’s a runner.”
In his own words
“Bought it in ‘73 for $500 and a Studebaker lark with a blown motor. Added to it as I went, driven it consistently all these years as my primary ride. Didn’t do a lot cosmetically, except wash it occasionally. It’s just a genuine rider. An old classic ridden by and old classic. “
Owner name, location: Scott “Shorty” Longvall
Bike name: “The Chief”
Engine, year and make, model, modifications: 74ci Flathead 1948 Indian Chief
Frame: Stock Plunger Frame
Fork: Stock Girder
Chassis mods: None
Tire/wheel size and style: Twin 16” laced wheels, Front and rear Drum brake
Favorite thing about this bike: Smooth ride, pogo seat, Left Hand Throttle
Next modification will be: More patina
Other mods, accessories, cool parts, etc: 8-Ball Shift Knob
Scott is one of those guys we all can look up to and admire. The real deal, a true legend, and a rad dude. Thanks for sharing the Chief and your story Scott. Ride on!
Mrflameman57
KevMoore
guschambers
SturrrgisssBrotherrrr
KeithMayhem
renzsniper
DustyDave
CraigWY
Advertise | Contact | ©2009ChopCult | Report Abuse | ConductJust perusing backcountry.com and found their 1100ml titanium cookset is half off. No experience with their products but seems like a good price.'m new to these forums so if I'm not supposed to post links I appologize, and please edit accordingly.Cheers
You've done very well.Welcome aboard, and yes it's perfectly fine to post links to good deals in the Gear Deals section. It's posts like this that will get you lots of friends very quickly!Regards, Rod
Rod is correct. Save some folks some money and you'll get along famously. The 1100ml is pretty decent. I have it (and the 700ml kit) and like them. Not the absolute lightest based off the specs (although some companies offer what looks to be identical cups with even the same handles and lids at larger capacity and lighter weight which makes me suspicious), but for the price they are great and work fine.Can't beat the value.
Well you are right and wrong to post this particular topic... It is perfectly fine to post the link to this deal. and a great one it is. (the only link you CANT post I believe are ebay links.). But this deal has already been posted! a general rule of all internet forums, no matter what the genre, is that that you search before posting. most of the time it pertains to questions but in this case a repeat gear deal..welcome and happy trails
You must login to post.
MEMBERSHIP IS REQUIRED TO POST: You must be a Forum, Annual or Lifetime Member to post messages in the backpackinglight.com forums.
SUBSCRIBE NOW »Kuala Lumpur: When Siti Nurfadhilah Naluwi from Kuala Lumpur paid for her shopping and dining using her CIMB Bank Debit MasterCard, it never crossed her mind that she would walk away with a brand new Ford Fiesta worth more than RM80,000.
Siti Nurfadhillah, together with other CIMB Bank customers, were recently rewarded at a prize presentation ceremony of the CIMB Bank Debit MasterCard “Get Social” Campaign. The campaign which ran from November 2011 to April 2012, allowed CIMB Bank customers who spent more than RM50 in a single receipt with their debit card the chance of winning fantastic prizes, including two grand prizes of Ford Fiestas. The campaign which ran in two phases, had earlier named Heyati Krystalyna @ Chang Pooi Yew of Johor Bharu as the first phase grand prize winner.
An excited Siti Nurfadhilah, after being chosen as the grand prize winner for the second phase, received the keys to her spanking new Ford Fiesta from Peter England, Head of Retail Financial Services, CIMB Bank in a ceremony held in Petaling Jaya today.
Apart from the grand prize winners, CIMB Bank also rewarded 120 monthly winners with prizes ranging from Samsung Galaxy Tabs (worth RM1,800), Jusco shopping vouchers (worth RM4,000) and holiday vouchers (worth RM6,000).
“This is just one of the many ways we are rewarding our customers. By using the CIMB Bank Debit MasterCard, customers are given exclusive benefits and privileges that allow them to enjoy savings, rebates and discounts, for themselves as well as their friends. We note that there has been a growing awareness among our customers who realise the convenience of carrying a single card when making purchases. Not only does the Debit Card allow customers the option of cashless transactions, it also provides customers the added advantage of allowing them to track their spending,” explained Peter.
“It is encouraging to note that more than 500,000 cards have been issued within six months of its launch and an average spending of about RM600 per month, per active card. To drive more card issuance and usage, we will continue to come up with exciting campaigns such as the ‘CIMB Loves New York’ contest that we are currently running,” added Peter.
The ‘CIMB Loves New York’ contest offers a chance to cardholders to be one of the 10 lucky winners for a 4D/3N trip to New York for two persons with RM10,000 worth of spending money. In addition to that, one of the 10 winners will also be in the running to experience a ‘MasterCard Priceless Moments Collection New York City Shopping Celebration Package’ for two which entails celebrity treatment all the way – from business class travel, chauffer-driven tours and shopping spree, luxury hotel accommodation and more. For an automatic entry, cardholders must spend at least RM2,000 over the period of 1 May to 31 August 2012 using the debit card, and earn additional entries by increasing their monthly deposit balances of RM500 over the same period. At the same time, cardholders can also look forward to exclusive one-for-one deals and a three percent cash rebate for the first three transactions within thirty days of the card issuance as a start-up offer.
CIMB Islamic also offers the CIMB Islamic Debit MasterCard for its savings and current account holders. For further details on the debit cards, customers may either call 1 300 880 900, log on to or, or visit any CIMB Bank and CIMB Islamic branches nationwide.MSP, methylation-specific PCR.
DHPLC analyses were conducted using a DNASep® HT column (Transgenomic) under nondenaturing conditions at a temperature of 50°C with a 1.5 mL/min flow rate and UV detection. Under these conditions, PCR product separation is based on size not sequence. Resolution is limited to approximately 1% of the PCR product size. DHPLC analysis conditions for stages 1 and 2 nested three-gene MSP assays are listed in (Table 2). PCRs were loaded onto the WAVE autosampler, and 5-µL injections were used for each analysis. DHPLC analysis of both stage 1 and 2 products required <6 min/sample. Typical DHPLC detection of stages 1 and 2 unmethylated MSP products are shown in (Figure 1). It should be noted that given the heterogeneity of biological samples, verification of target gene amplification is normally accomplished by the presence of a stage 1 PCR product. Stage 2 unmethylated primers are typically used only when analyzing extensively degraded DNA as found in some formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissue samples.Figure 1.
DHPLC, denaturing high-performanc liquid chromato raphy. Time is in minu es. A, % uffer A 0.1 M trieth l mmon M triethylammonium acetate); %B, % buffer B (0.1 M triethylammonium acetate, 25% acetonitrile).
One-hundred percent concordance was observed in the detection of methylated stage 2 MSP products between the nested single-gene MSP/agarose gel electrophoresis method and the nested three-gene MSP/DHPLC method. An example of MSP product separation using each method is shown in (Figure 2), A–F. DHPLC-based separation has better resolution and increased sensitivity for detecting methylated PCR products compared with agarose gel electrophoresis ((Figure 2)). For example, sputum samples 5 and 8 are methylated for both p16 and DAPK. Resolving the 8-bp size difference between stage 2 PCR products is difficult using agarose gel electrophoresis, while this difference is clearly discerned by DHPLC. The increased resolution of DHPLC makes it easier to separate and identify methylated MSP products. This is essential in accurately determining the promoter methylation status of individual genes in a multiplex reaction. Additionally, as demonstrated in (Figure 2), E and F, DHPLC analysis of MSP products obtained using a formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded DNA template do not present added difficulties. Compared with conventional nested single-gene MSP, a nested multigene MSP/DHPLC method requires less time, reagents, and sample DNA to analyze the gene promoter methylation status of clinical samples from a variety of tissues. The ability to identify methylated MSP products using UV detection also eliminates the cost associated with fluorescence probes required for other nongel-based MSP methods such as TaqMan®. Savings realized are proportional to the number of genes present in the nested multigene MSP and/or the number of gene products analyzed per DHPLC chromatogram. To further increase throughput and savings, we are modifying the multigene MSP/DHPLC method to simultaneously detect promoter methylation of four genes (Pax5α, Pax5β, GATA4, and GATA5) ((Figure 3)). The Pax5 and GATA gene families encode transcription factors implicated in carcinogenesis (10,11). All four genes are silenced by aberrant promoter methylation in lung cancer (10,12). The conditions for the nested four-gene MSP/DHPLC method are available in the supplementary material available online at .Figure 2.
We have described a nested multigene MSP/DHPLC method to simultaneously examine gene promoter hypermethylation of three genes. Although this method was developed to detect multiple gene methylation events in complex biological samples, quantitation of methylation levels can be accomplished by determining the ratio of methylated to unmethylated DNA as reflected by individual peak heights expressed in millivolts ((Figure 1)B and (2)C). This method will aid in the rapid and economical assembly and validation of gene panels involved in cancer initiation, progression, and malignant transformation. Once validated, biomarkers based on these gene panels can be used in the early detection, diagnosis, and prognosis of multiple types of cancer.Discussion
Kings buy out Gooden's contract
Updated: March 2, 2009, 4:48 AM ETBy Marc Stein | ESPN.com
TheReferendum - Eddie Fenech Adami surprised and disappointed
Claudia Calleja and David Schembri got reactions from some of the protagonists in the divorce debate.
Fr Rene Camilleri
The theologian was not expecting the outcome to be a Yes majority and believes the result is a positive sign that society is “adult” and aware of reality.
He does not believe divorce will spell disaster for the Maltese family, as the Church had alluded to during the campaign, and feels the referendum result speaks more about the Church’s role in society.
“The Church lives in a pluralistic society in terms of values and beliefs and has to come to terms with this reality... The campaign was an eye-opener as we have to acknowledge Malta is really changing... people are feeling free to believe independently of the Church.
“The Church now needs to be silent for a while and realise there are realities it is not seeing,” Fr Camilleri said, adding the Church had to re-dimension its presence and role in society. Although Malta was not at a stage where the Church was being ignored, there existed an aggressive militancy against it and it had to evaluate this.
Fr Camilleri believes that throughout the campaign the Church made a big tactical mistake when some of its members led believers to feel.
Eddie Fenech Adami
The former president and Prime Minister admitted he was disappointed by the result but added that it had to be respected.
“Frankly, I’m surprised. I thought the majority would vote against divorce and, of course, this will have very, very serious consequences for Malta’s future.
“I think it will bring about social change and, to my mind, Maltese history — including economic history — has depended on how the family in Malta kept a very strong profile. Nothing will happen overnight, but with time I think the effects will be negative,” Dr Fenech Adami said.
Eventually, he said, divorce would “definitely destabilise the family unit” as had happened in other countries.
He believes the Church could have done much more than it did and been more vocal throughout the campaign.
Asked what he thought about perceptions that the Church had unfairly used sin to scare voters into voting “no”, he said the referendum was never a matter of sin but one had to vote according to one’s conscience.
Edward Scicluna
The referendum results show that the Church needs to reassess its position and its relationship with its people, said the economist and Labour MEP.
“The Church needs a new type of relationship where it holds on to its principles but in a secular world,” he said adding that, irrespective of the result, the referendum served as a useful exercise to give a clear picture of what society wanted.
He too believes the stability of society will not be threatened by divorce. “I don’t think it (divorce) will change one iota. It just lets people express their freedom in a democratic country. The results show that we are civilised and tolerant,” he said adding he had not expected the result.
He believes that had more people voted, the Yes percentage would have been stronger.
“The people who stayed at home and did not cast their vote were not evenly spread across the 13 districts... they were significantly higher in the PL stronghold districts. The indications are that many PL supporters stayed at home because they were afraid to vote in favour of divorce. This reinforces further the Yes result obtained,” he said.
Peter Serracino Inglott
Priest, former University rector and political adviser, Fr Peter Serracino Inglott was expecting a Yes victory but he was mostly struck by the large number of abstentions.
“I do not share the democratic triumphalism that I have heard expressed – the main thing which strikes me is the abstention, which relatively to previous experiences is really big,” the philosopher said.
He believes the abstention is largely a symptom of disgruntlement with the government and the “unwillingness to follow the lead given by the party leaders”.
Another thing that struck him was the Yes vote in Nationalist areas, which he saw as a shift from the centre-left position the Nationalist Party has adopted in favour of a more liberal stand.
“In the campaign the level of rational discussion was abysmally low and I myself, in personal conversations, left feeling that many of the Nationalists who were voting ‘no’ were doing so because of disapproval of the way in which Jeffrey Pullicino Orlando and his small number of allies conducted themselves within the party,” Fr Serracino Inglott said.
“It would have been positive if people had decided to follow their conscience after studying the issue deeply,” he said, adding it was a pity there was not enough information to base serious discussion on.
The result, he said, showed the Church’s influence on people was further weakened and might raise more awareness that believers were increasingly becoming a minority.
Oliver Friggieri
Writer and university professor Oliver Friggieri was expecting the referendum to pass but not by such a large margin.
“It showed Malta is split in two and that what happened in other countries had to happen in Malta as well,” Prof. Friggieri said.
He believes that ultimately “it’s in the Church’s interest that divorce is in, because it now knows where it stands. It’s new for Malta, but it’s not new for other countries. It was unavoidable; a common thing everywhere.”
He hopes the law that eventually goes through will be a combination of both sides of the debate, both of whom had shown a certain competence in matters of the family. It was in everyone’s interest to have a good law in Parliament, he said.
He sees the abstention votes as a very serious number, but one which was nonetheless “very complex”.
“Malta is a place where whatever the law is, one can live as they want, but on the whole it might have been a vote of people who were afraid of taking up the responsibility,” Prof. Friggieri commented.
“The Church is a loser, but it is bigger than this; the Church, made up of humans, is not supposed to judge, but to love and teach.”
Even though he thinks the Church lost out, he believes the biggest loser is the Nationalist Party as it now has to reconcile its official stand against divorce with the will of the people.
Martin Scicluna
The results were “a huge slap in the face” for the Church and a sign that Maltese people want their civil rights, said Mr Scicluna, the author of a 2009 think-tank report that recommended the introduction of divorce.
“There should be no triumphalism about all this. In the face of all the power and the coercion of the Church and the political resources of the PN, the Maltese have struck a clear blow for justice, fairness and their civil rights.
“Maltese democracy has finally come of age. Malta has grown up and the dark ages of the Church-state relations of the 1960s have finally been put behind us,” said Mr Scicluna.
The real loser in all this was the Maltese Church which, through its bullying of the faithful, diminished its own standing and trust with its people. The Nationalist Party, which hid behind the Church, also demeaned itself. “It’s shown itself to be weak and out of touch because what the people wanted was a legal remedy and that’s now what we’ve got.”
He believes the Church still has a place in society as it is “a wonderful human institution”, but went wrong when it interfered in politics.
He does not think divorce will affect society negatively. “If anything all those poor destabilised families will now form a proper legal family instead of cohabiting... The Maltese family is a strong unit. Our culture is what it is. Divorce is simply a legal remedy for those people who want to avail themselvesTop Story
Jury To Decide If Shooting Fulfilled ‘Goal’
Memorial Day Events On Tap
Fishing Rodeo Casts Eye On Lake Life
Some say that business is a man’s world. These women beg to differ.
According to a recent report by American Express OPEN, women-owned businesses are growing at a rate 1 ½ times the national…One hundred gamers from around New Zealand lined up yesterday for a chance to beat one of the world's best - Kim Dotcom. And only one could take the millionaire down.
Mr Dotcom brought couches from home for the Call of Duty marathon, as well as a chilly bin of snacks and a lap blanket to keep him warm in Vector's frosty air conditioning.
The gamers at the Digital Nationz had 10 minutes to try to beat Mr Dotcom and win prizes including an Xbox One and $1000 in cash from Mr Dotcom, who ranks No 2 in the world for Call of Duty, a first-person shoot 'em up game. Mr Dotcom slid from No 1 after his arrest early last year.
Only one person was able to beat him - Caleb Makiri, from Whangarei, who was the last player.
Shardous Wymom, 22, lasted the full 10 minutes. He came all the way from Timaru for his shot but didn't practise before going head-to-head with Mr Dotcom.
"It was pretty cool - I'd give it a 10 out of 10 for sure."
The expo on Saturday and yesterday showed off the latest technology and was the first of its kind in NZ.
Nearly 10,000 people poured through the doors to check out the new PlayStation 4 from Sony, and Xbox One from Microsoft, a History of Video Gaming Museum with computers and consoles from the Apple II to the Sega MegaDrive and the Oculus Rift virtual reality headset.
The Xbox exhibition featured a movie-sized TV screen for people to play on while sitting on a couch that was dwarfed by the television's size.
Dan Auxtero, 13, there with his friend Nawaf Aljohani, also 13, said it was "pretty cool" and really exciting trying out such a large screen. He was too young for the R16 Call of Duty.
Digital Nationz
* Attended by about 4000 on Saturday and 3000 yesterday at Vector Arena, Auckland.
* Exhibits included Sony Playstation 4, Xbox One, the History of Video Games Museum, a Digital Artz
* Gallery, 3D printers, robots and the Oculus Rift Virtual Reality Headset.
* Modelled on American events such as the E3 - the world's biggest gaming expo, held annually in Los Angeles, California.But it’s our duty to point out that this is too good to be true.
The now-viral photo has been doctored and the spelling is correct on real tattoo taking up real estate on the dude’s back.
The bacne, on the other hand, is very real.
[H/T: College Spun]
“
I want more like this!
Follow us on Facebook and get the latest before everyone else.Join/Renew
Donate
Volunteer
The Common Ground Country Fair hosts hundereds of talks and demonstrations every year. These presentations are crucial:
2015 Speaker and Presenter Application
This years application deadline is April 1st, 2015.
Please keep in mind space is limited and for many areas we give preference to those individuals or organizations that are also exhibitors at the fair. If you are interested in giving an agricultural demonstration please use the Agricultural Demonstration Application.
Note: You can use the online forms on a Windows, Mac or Linux computer as long as you're using a supported web browser and have an Internet connection. The supported browsers are:
You must also have JavaScript and cookies enabled in your browser.The Suns open the 2013-14 regular season at home Oct. 30 against Portland and play 14 of their 21 final games of the season on the road.
The Suns were not picked up for any TNT telecats and were chosen for just one ESPN telecast — a Feb. 28 home game against New Orleans with an 8:30 p.m. start. Four Suns road games will be on NBATV — Nov. 3 at Oklahoma City, Nov. 24 at Orlando, March 9 at Golden State and March 10 at Los Angeles Clippers.
Marquee visitors to US Airways Center include Miami (Feb. 11), Chicago (Feb. 4), Okalhoma City (March 6 and April 6), San Antonio (Dec. 18 and Feb. 21) and the Clippers (March 4 and April 2).
Single-game tickets will go on sale through Ticketmaster outlets at 10 a.m. Thursday. Anyone purchasing tickets for two games in the first week of tickets sales will receive a free ticket to a third game.
The Suns' longest road trip comes Jan. 7 through Jan. 13 with visits to Chicago, Minnesota, Memphis, Detroit and New York. They have 18 back-to-back sets and host 11 Friday night games, six Saturday games and six Sunday games.
The complete 2013-14 schedule:
Oct. 30 vs. Portland
Nov. 1 vs. Utah
Nov. 3 at Oklahoma City
Nov. 5 at New Orleans
Nov. 6 at San Antonio
Nov. 8 vs. Denver
Nov. 10 vs. New Orleans
Nov. 13 at Portland
Nov. 15 vs. Brooklyn
Nov. 19 at Sacramento
Nov. 20 vs. Sacramento
Nov. 22 at Charlotte
Nov. 24 at Orlando
Nov. 25 at Miami
Nov. 27 vs. Portland
Nov. 29 at Utah
Nov. 30 vs. Utah
Dec. 3 at Memphis
Dec. 4 at Houston
Dec. 6 vs. Toronto
Dec. 10 at Los Angeles Lakers
Dec. 13 vs. Sacramento
Dec. 15 vs. Golden State
Dec. 18 vs. San Antonio
Dec. 20 at Denver
Dec. 21 vs. Dallas
Dec. 23 vs. Los Angeles Lakers
Dec. 27 at Golden State
Dec. 28 vs. Philadelphia
Dec. 30 at Los Angeles Clippers
Jan. 2 vs. Memphis
Jan. 4 vs. Milwaukee
Jan. 7 at Chicago
Jan. 8 at Minnesota
Jan. 10 at Memphis
Jan. 11 at Detroit
Jan. 13 at New York
Jan. 15 vs. Los Angeles Lakers
Jan. 17 vs. Dallas
Jan. 19 vs. Denver
Jan. 22 vs. Indiana
Jan. 24 vs. Washington
Jan. 26 at Cleveland
Jan. 27 at Philadelphia
Jan. 29 at Milwaukee
Jan. 30 at Indiana
Feb. 1 vs. Charlotte
Feb. 4 vs. Chicago
Feb. 5 at Houston
Feb. 8 vs. Golden State
Feb. 11 vs. Miami
Feb. 18 at Denver
Feb. 19 vs. Boston
Feb. 21 vs. San Antonio
Feb. 23 vs. Houston
Feb. 25 vs. Minnesota
Feb. 26 at Utah
Feb. 28 vs. New Orleans
March 2 vs. Atlanta
March 4 vs. Los Angeles Clippers
March 6 vs. Oklahoma City
March 9 at Golden State
March 10 at Los Angeles Clippers
March 12 vs. Cleveland
March 14 at Boston
March 16 at Toronto
March 17 at Brooklyn
March 19 vs. Orlando
March 21 vs. Detroit
March 23 at Minnesota
March 24 at Atlanta
March 26 at Washington
March 28 vs. New York
March 30 at Los Angeles Lakers
April 2 vs. Los Angeles Clippers
April 4 at Portland
April 6 vs. Oklahoma City
April 9 at New Orlandoeans
April 11 at San Antonio
April 12 at Dallas
April 14 vs. Memphis
April 16 at SacramentoWe all need a little inspiration every now and again. Some people find intellectual and emotional stimulation in nature, while others find it in music or literature. Some of us even seek this creative motivation in other people. Many of us, however, turn to film to inspire us. The way a story can make us feel — whether it be true or fictional — is what gets the gears moving in our heads. It is with this stimulation that the most groundbreaking innovation is possible.
So, I’ve compiled a list of twenty-five of the most inspirational movies I’ve seen to hopefully inspire somebody else. Of course, my list is different than others. And that’s fine because trust me — it’s fine. [WARNING: Some spoilers ahead…]
1. Big Fish
Memorable quote: “A man tells his stories so many times that he becomes the stories. They live on after him, and in that way he becomes immortal.”
Message: Everybody has daddy issues. What makes you think yours are any worse than somebody else’s? Also, sometimes your dad’s a fish.
2. The Shawshank Redemption
Memorable quote: “Let me tell you something, my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane.”
Message: Don’t have hope in anything. Except our justice system because clearly it works.
3. Life of Pi
Memorable quote: “If it happened, it happened. Why should it have to mean anything?”
Message: Sometimes, you need to live a lie to be happy.
4. Pay It Forward
Memorable quote: “I think some people are too scared, or something. I guess it’s hard for people who are so used to things the way they are – even if they’re bad – to change. ‘Cause they kind of give up. And when they do, everybody kind of loses.”
Message: If you ever try to change the world, you WILL get stabbed.
5. Forrest Gump
Memorable quote: “You have to do the best with what God gave you.”
Message: If you have sex with a mentally challenged person, you WILL get HIV and have a kid who sees ghosts. Also, sometimes that weird kid in your class grows up to do amazing things.
6. Slumdog Millionaire
Memorable quote: [the part when they all dance at the end]
Message: Every experience is meaningful in its own way. Also, dancing is fun.
7. Schindler’s List
Memorable quote: “Power is when we have every justification to kill, and we don’t.”
Message: Liam Neeson saved just as many people as he killed in those Taken movies. And you should always make lists so you don’t forget stuff. (I’ve never seen the whole movie.)
8. Field of Dreams
Memorable quote: “If you build it, he will come.”
Message: Commit to something and follow through with it.
9. 8 Mile
Memorable quote: “Do you ever wonder at what point you just got to say ‘fuck it,’ man? Like when you gotta stop living up here, and start living down here?”
Message: It’s just nice to see a Caucasian from a poor area succeed and go on to make as much money as his African American counterpart for once.
10. The Rookie
Memorable quote: “If you don’t have dreams, you don’t have anything.”
Message: You’re never too old to pursue a dream.
11. Up
Memorable quote: “Adventure is out there!”
Message: You’re never too old to pursue a dream.
12. The 40-Year-Old Virgin
Memorable quote: “I need some poon! I need genital to genital connections!”
Message: You’re never too old to pursue a dream.
13. Clockstoppers
Memorable quote: [something about a watch, probably]
Message: I don’t know if this movie is “inspirational” per se, but it definitely makes me think about what I would do if I could slow down time.
14. Jurassic Park
Memorable quote: “Life, uh… finds a way.”
Message: Evolution is real but so is God. Nothing makes sense.
15. Good Will Hunting
Memorable quote: .”
Message: Getting up and leaving solves everything.
16. The Graduate
Memorable quote: “It’s like I was playing some kind of game, but the rules don’t make any sense to me. They’re being made up by all the wrong people. I mean no one makes them up. They seem to make themselves up.”
Message: If you go through the trouble of breaking up a wedding, she almost HAS to choose you.
17. Fast & Furious 6
Memorable quote: “Ah! I’m driving at a dangerously high speed!”
Message: Never doubt yourself because you can always get faster and more furious. R.I.P., Paul — you lived fast and furiously, and we know you wouldn’t have left this world any other way.
18. Captain America: The First Avenger
Memorable quote: “OMG that little dude just jumped on top of a grenade!”
Message: Even the biggest underdog can be a hero when he’s genetically enhanced into a physical specimen with super strength and peak human conditioning. Basically — if you can’t beat ’em, cheat.
19. It’s A Wonderful Life
Memorable quote: “Strange, isn’t it? Each man’s life touches so many other lives. When he isn’t around he leaves an awful hole, doesn’t he?”
Message: If you want to do something, commit to it and be sure to follow through.
20. Finding Nemo
Memorable quote: “Just keep swimming.”
Message: Don’t give up. Also, a lot of fish look the same. So if you’re looking for a specific one, good luck. Better hope they have a fucked up fin or something.
21. Beauty and the Beast
Memorable quote: “As the years passed, he fell into despair and lost all hope. For who could ever learn to love a beast?”
Message: When you’re attractive, people don’t ask questions about why you were a hideous beast. They just go with it… Oh, Just Go With It — now that’s a movie. (Memorable quote: “Just go with it.” Message: Just go with it.)
22. Love Actually
Memorable quote: “Let’s go get the shit kicked out of us by love.”
Message: Love only exists when you have a British accent. Also, when you are in love with your best friend’s wife, that shit comes back to bite you in the ass when there’s a zombie apocalypse or something.
23. Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
Memorable quote: “What a loss to spend that much time with someone, only to find out that she’s a stranger.”
Message: How well does anybody really know Kate Winslet?
24. Crash
Memorable quote: “I think we miss that touch so much that we crash into each other, just so we can feel something.”
Message: Everybody in LA is a little bit racist and don’t you forget that.
25. The Social Network
Memorable quote: “If you guys were the inventors of Facebook, you’d have invented Facebook.”
Message: Screw over your best friend and he WILL become Spider-Man. Also, what the fuck am I doing? I could be inventing Facebook or some shit.
5 thoughts on “25 Inspirational Movies”
Most of these are not inspirational movies!
1. Spike eat a dick
2. hell yes for 8 mile haha
Pingback: Ways To Beat Me in “Never Have I Ever…” Because of 2013 | Putting It Into Perspective
Pingback: 25 Depressing Movies | Putting It Into Perspective
Pingback: 25 Groundbreaking Movies | Putting It Into PerspectiveRate survey: Credit card interest rates don't budge
By Kelly Dilworth
Interest rates on new credit card offers stayed put this week, according to the CreditCards.com Weekly Credit Card Rate Report.
The national average annual percentage rate ( APR) on new card offers held steady at 14.92 percent Wednesday after dipping the previous week.
None of the cards that CreditCards.com tracks featured offer changes this week. That's not unusual in the current card climate. In the past two months, credit card offers, including promotional balance transfers and purchase rates, have remained unchanged five weeks out of eight.
In the past two months, just three issuers -- Barclays, U.S. Bank and Bank Of America -- changed promotions on the cards that CreditCards.com tracks. Similarly, just three issuers -- Discover, Citi and PNC Bank -- altered rates.
The relative lack of movement is unusual, however, when you compare it to previous years when issuers adjusted offers more often. In 2012, average rates have remained unchanged 14 weeks out of 24 and promotional terms have changed far less often as well. By contrast, during the same period in 2010, rates stayed flat just twice, and issuers regularly experimented with new promotional offers, according to CreditCards.com data.
Consumers aren't receiving as many card offers either, according to new research from Ipsos, which tracks credit card mailings. Issuers sent out far fewer offers in the first quarter of 2012 than they did in the last quarter of 2011. Then in April, issuers sent out the least number of mailings in two years, according to the Ipsos Mail Monitor.
Research from Mintel Comperemedia, which also tracks credit card mailings, found a similar trend. "April marks a new low for the credit card direct mail decline that began in December 2011," said Andrew Davidson, senior vice president at Mintel Comperemedia, in a report released Tuesday. ."
Experts say that banks have been reluctant to send out more offers until the economy shows stronger, more persuasive growth and consumers show more interest in borrowing significant amounts. "It's all about the economy," says Roy Persson, director of competitive tracking services at Ipsos. "It's all about the fact that banks are skittish about lending and consumers are skittish about borrowing."
Relatively new regulations, such as the Durbin Amendment, which went into effect last fall and capped debit card transaction fees, have also taken a significant bite out of lenders' pocketbooks -- and that, too, has played a role in banks' unwillingness to aggressively spend money on mail promotions, says Persson.
In a report released to CreditCards.com, researchers at Ipsos Mail Monitor say the combination of stricter regulations, a painfully slow recovery and consumers' unwillingness to take on more debt has put significant pressure on banks. "With the economy taking its time to get back to full swing, and revenue lines being pinched by federal regulations, it's no surprise issuers are rethinking the investment placed into direct mail," wrote Ipsos researchers in the report. "Overall, industry volume has receded by one-third compared to [the last quarter] of 2011, with major issuers like Citi and Chase taking the biggest step backwards. Issuers like Barclays, US Bank and PNC, on the other hand, have increased their mail volume, capitalizing on the decreased presence from 'big' issuers."
That said, households with good but not great FICO scores have seen a slight uptick in the number of credit card offers they receive, according to research by Ipsos. However, many consumers have also seen higher annual fees listed on some offers. (The good news is the overall number of cards with annual fees has not yet increased, say researchers.)
Meanwhile, "balance transfer fees of less than 3 percent are becoming nearly impossible to find," wrote Ipsos researchers in the report released to CreditCards.com. That can make transferring a balance on a lower-interest credit card particularly costly for consumers, especially if a bank doesn't offer a cap on the amount that can be charged.See related: Fed survey: Recession shrank card debt, crushed household wealthBeverage brands capitalize on trends with printer technology In-house printing increases speed to market, reduces cost By Amber Jechort August 22, 2014 No Comments The right labels and packaging can attract new customers and position the product for wider success. However, manufacturers often find it difficult to meet emerging demands because of the time and expense involved in designing a new label and having label runs produced by a printing house. Printing technology can change that model.Here it is! The first renoVote result, and it’s a bit of a shocker. I thought the open planners had it in the bag, but after my Tweet about the poll closing today, there was a flurry of last-minute votes for Leave the Layout Alone. And husband was all ready to bash in some bricks! But follow the vote we must, so it’s time to stow the sledgehammer and start plastering the downstairs (something else to add to our budget…). Check back in a few days for some pics of a plasterer at work (hopefully) and don’t forget to renoVote on our best bathroom configuration, which will be expiring in 46 hours!Today I managed to continue the physical version of the digi-art piece Deep Blue. It's ready soon. And looks at least just as good as the original. ^_^ I'm off to sauna soon.
..Heh, I swore once I'd never do blogs, but this is just that, eh? And who cares if anyone reads these, they're a good way for me to keep track of my art.
Sloth Bear, Wild Boar, Chinkara, Porcupines and Jackals, Leopard, Jungle Cat, Marsh Crocodile, Sambhar, Chital, Nilgai, Gazzelle, Boars, Mongoose, Indian Hare, Monitor Lizards and a large number of birds.Thoughts are just as big as the electrons they occupy.
So you are making something very very real just by
Thinking it.
Conjure ideas and make them real.
The question is do you feel
strong enough to create
to make something great
to take an idea
from it’s original virtual state
to something bigger than your head
To something that you’ve said.
Look further ahead.
Make it a revolution that you led.
For in your head
An idea is just an idea
but outside
of your mind
it can be redefined,
unconfined,
it can be designed,
it can be combined,
don’t leave it in your head
where it is undefined,
where it can be undermined
by your own thoughts.
Where it can be fought
by your own fear of being extraordinary.
For none are ordinary
their ideas are just too big or scary
for themselves.
So be brave.
Take that brain wave.
Let it unwind.
Let it crash into the world.
Your mind,
unfurled.
That is exactly what can and will
change the world.
-Kayhl Cooper
* This poem was written and submitted to the Young Writer’s Project by our very own Kayhl Cooper whose thoughts, words and actions inspire us all. Thanks, Kayhl!SPOT Gen3, the next generation of the SPOT Satellite GPS Messenger™. SPOT Gen3 offers enhanced functionality with more tracking features, improved battery performance and more power options including rechargeable and USB direct line power. SPOT is part of an award-winning product line that provides an affordable and vital line of communication with friends, family and emergency assistance on any adventure, from canoeing to hiking to snowmobiling.
.
SPOT Gen3 is the second new product announcement from the popular SPOT line this summer. SPOT Global Phone was added to the SPOT family in May and ensures users can have 2-way voice connectivity with family, friends and business even when their adventures take them out of cell coverage.
Coverage:
SPOT satellite coverage works around the world, including Canada continental United States, Mexico, Europe, Australia, Northern and Central Africa, portions of South America and North-Eastern Asia as well as hundreds of thousands of miles offshore of these areas.
Pricing and Product Availability Information:
SPOT Gen3 retails $149.95 MSRP plus a required annual subscription service starting at $149.99 per year with upgraded service plans available.
SPOT..Robert Munsch wrote: > Bad link: it seems to be at > > > and is marked "Developer Release," if that matters. Please re-read carefully: Mike Peachey wrote: > it may take some time for it to > become available and propagate to the mirrors. > Once done, you should be able to install it directly > through the CPAN shell or find it here: > > > Until then, you can install directly from the BPS SVN server's trunk 0.06_03 is the most recent devel release and when 0.06 is fully inserted into CPAN, it will show up as the latest release. -- Kind Regards, __________________________________________________ Mike Peachey, IT Tel: +44 114 281 2655 Fax: +44 114 281 2951 Jennic Ltd, Furnival Street, Sheffield, S1 4QT, UK Comp Reg No: 3191371 - Registered In England __________________________________________________CLARKSVILLE,Tenn. – Alexis Mihalinec will compete as Miss Clarksville Teen USA in the Miss Tennessee Teen USA pageant in October.
Mihalinec is a 16-year-old high school junior at Rossview and is an active member of the community. She is the founder of the non-profit organization S.T.E.P.S., the secretary of Future Teachers of America, has volunteered for Manna Cafe for the past four years and is involved in numerous other clubs and organizations.
Her platform for the pageant and an issue that is close to her is homelessness. Her father was homeless as a child, and now Mihalinec devotes much of her time to organizations that help low income families. Mihalinec said on her website that she would like to raise awareness about homelessness and its different facets.
"I can use my platform to help bring awareness to homelessness for children, families and military vets that come home and suffer from PTSD and find it hard to adapt to regular society and end up becoming homeless," Mihalinec said.
The Miss Tennessee USA and Miss Tennessee Teen USA pageant will be held at Austin Peay Oct. 2-4 and will be aired on NBC live.
EDITOR'S NOTE: An earlier version of this report should have said several teens from the Clarksville area are expected to compete in the pageant.
Sarah Dixon, 245-0248
Leaf-Chronicle intern
sdixon@gannett.com
Alexis Mihalinec's sponsor donation page
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs'I had no idea the extent of Nick’s connection to Elvis’ family and hometown. I think this is one of the most honest, touching and truthful books I’ve read about Elvis. And it’s especially important because of Nick writing it so early in Elvis’ career. They both had no way of knowing how 'big' Elvis would become and it’s that period of time before he lost his ability to live almost a normal life. Nick was especially good at capturing the regular guy activities and life that Elvis had during that time in Memphis. We never hear much about his mother and father. Nick brings them to life. It’s fascinating stuff'. Tom Brown : VP, Turner Classic Movies, Original Programming.
Following is an excerpt from one of the chapters of 'The Rebel & The King' called 'THE GOSPEL ACCORDING TO ELVIS' where Elvis is talking to Nick as they are driving along Sunset Boulevard, in Hollywood, CA, on the way to meet Natalie Wood. 'I sincerely believed that someday a miracle would happen and sure enough it did because God saw fit to let it happen. And don’t think that I’m not grateful to him. God answered my prayer so fast that I still don’t know where it all started. I still recall the words, 'All good things come from God'. And if more people when something good happens to them in life and makes them happy or if something is given to them if they would just stop and think and thank God for it and say, 'God, thank you for this wonderful blessing you have bestowed upon me'. Then they would have more good luck and more blessings. That’s my honest, sincere, way of thinking. And if tomorrow, should all my success come to an end, I wouldn’t stop thanking him. And I would go on for the rest of my life telling people what a wonderful blessing he once gave me. This is my way of thinking and the words are coming directly from my heart', Elvis Presley.
'The Rebel And The King' by Nick Adams.
DIY Chatroom Home Improvement Forum
(
)
-
Remodeling
(
)
- -
House trim has rotted my siding
(
)
ovahimba
01-21-2010 10:55 PM
House trim has rotted my siding
4 Attachment(s)
After I replace the plywood siding, I was wondering how to replace the the trim so the rot doesn't begin again. So far my best choice seems to be attaching with screws and using washers as spacers between the trim and siding. Anyone with other ideas? This is a 28 year old house.
jlhaslip
01-21-2010 11:26 PM
1 Attachment(s)
those belly bands need to have flashing over them so the water doesn't get behind it.
if you simply space them off the wall the water will get into the joint and wreck the framing
(or worse)
possibly a rabbet at the bottom to 'self flash' the lower sheets?
Tom Struble
01-22-2010 12:22 AM
thats the best advice,is there sheathing under the siding?
Ron6519
01-22-2010 11:12 AM
I'd move the board down to the "Z" flashing interface and include the flashing, jlhaslip suggested. No sense having two flashings that close together.
Ron
ovahimba
01-22-2010 11:59 AM
1 Attachment(s)
I was trying to avoid having to use flashing on top of the trim, all the extra work, but it seems to be the consensus here for a lasting result.
The 3/4" plywood siding has no sheathing behind it so I'll need vapor barrier as well. Here's a photo of some siding I removed for a deck ledger.
Thanks for the tip on the rabbet; it would at least maintain a clean look from below. I think the trim needs to go on at the same time I put on new siding to get the water barriers properly positioned.
Tom Struble
01-22-2010 01:58 PM
many times with that type of siding and trim there is a very good chance water can leak in around windows,check that area very carefully...good luck:thumbsup:
All times are GMT -5. The time now is
05:26 AM
.Resolution: Clutter-be-gone. [Christian Science Monitor]
We all got clutter. We being Americans. I got a basement full of…stuff. Papers, mostly. Every piece of paper represents a half hour of my time, something I (at one time) wanted to remember or deal with. So I ignore it. Who has that kind of time? Only, a year or so later, the basement’s getting a bit full. Eventually it’ll have to be dealt with. Enter, clutter experts!
Excerpt (for the rest, go to CSM’s briliant good ol’fashioned quality journalism site):...read the rest at C.}Editor for this issue: Karolina Owczarzak <karolina
linguistlist.org>
New Dissertation Abstract Institution: Russian Peoples' Friendship University Program: Comparative, Historical and Typological Linguistics and Theory of Translation Dissertation Status: Completed Degree Date: 1995 Author: Olga V. Moudraia Dissertation Title: Functions of Non-Verbal Components in the Language System (Comparison of Russian and English) Linguistic Field: Pragmatics, Philosophy of Language Subject Language: Russian (code: 5388) English (code: 1738) Dissertation Director 1: G. P. Mel'nikov Dissertation Abstract: The thesis is devoted to the relationship between verbal and nonverbal (kinesic in particular) means of communication and reveals the functions of the latter in the language system. It offers a new approach to the differentiation between linguistics and paralinguistics. The author advances and proves the idea that a condsiderable amount of so-called 'paralinguistic' phenomena, e.g. descriptive and symbolic gestures, which modern linguistics does not regard as a part of the language system, nevertheless should be included in it as its integral and organic but peripheral section. The new notion of 'paraverbal means' (PVM) for these nonverbal codified phenomena is introduced. O.V.Moudraia examines contemporary language data in Russian and English and suggests semantic and functional classifications of PVM. The author concludes that the main function of PVM in the language system is to express the contents which cannot be easily put into words because of the objective reasons imposed by the internal form of a certain language and describes these types of contents in the Russian and English languages.Mail to author|Respond to list|Read more issues|LINGUIST home page|Top of issueA kitty admires their self portrait…
A kitty admires their self portrait…!
Recently.
The other day Mr. Cat Faerie found one of his favorite shirts at the bottom of a pile of damp dish towels. The shirt was quite icky smelling to say the least! Plus, it stayed icky smelling despite repeated washings? What to do?
Anti Icky Poo and its odor eating enzymes to the rescue! He filled a pot with water and about a third of a cup of unscented Anti Icky Poo and let the shirt soak 24 hours. Then it went into the washer with the usual Seventh Generation unscented clothes soap. The shirt now smells like freshly cleaned laundry rather than ick! Thank you Anti Icky Poo and your odor eating enzymes!
If you still have some Anti Icky Poo left over pour it down the kitchen drain and leave it for at least an hour, then turn on the hot water. It will gobble up soap scum and grease!
A kitty admires their self portrait…CodePlexProject Hosting for Open Source Software
Documentation
Default Sageframe Modules
Default Sageframe Modules:-
1. HTML EDITOR:-
HTML editor is a powerful core SageFrame CMS Module that provides the input of simple or HTML-formatted text with WYSIWYG features. Through this module you can easily add or edit the contents of your site. You can update your website effortlessly as many times
as you wish and without any designing & developing knowledge. When you go inside the HTML editor, you’ll find numerous buttons that would work for your preferences and your job can be done with just a simple click. Except texts, you can upload numerous
pictures and videos as required. As it is WYSIWYG, you can place your requirements wherever you want it to be seen on the website.
Features of HTML editor-
1.1 Installing a Module
Go to Administration>Admin>Pages>Page Module Settings
and select 'HTML' module from the drop down.Select the proper pane and add module to a page from the control panel and save it.
Once the module is installed, you will find the module listed in the “page module settings”.
The page module settings is located under the page management. Also in the frontend, you will get a 'edit' icon for the HTML editor.
This is the default HTML editor. You can get the customized editor with more features by clicking the customize editor which is located below the text area.Not only the text but you can also insert video and images through this editor itself. All you need
to do is select the image and drag it to the text area.
1.2 Editing Content
With this feature you can keep your site updated all the time. It removes the hassle of logging on to the FTP all the time to change the content. Above the every content uploaded using HTML editor you can see the edit icon. Clicking on it will open the text
area with the content. Just click on the content you want to edit, change it and click on save.
2. POLL MODULE:
Poll is done for a general survey for opinion over a certain model. Poll is included as a module in SageFrame mainly focused to make the site more interactive and interesting. It is mainly tailored to get information from the customers on related questions
and debates. It helps the website owners to know about the interests of the surfers more and give service accordingly.
2.1 Installing a Module
Go to Administration>Admin>Pages>Page Module Settings
and select 'Poll' module from the drop down.Select the proper pane and add module to a page from the control panel and save it.
2.2 Add a Poll Question
Once the module is installed, you will find the module listed in the “page module settings”.
You can see page module settings under the page management
Step.1 Click the 'Edit Poll Setup' icon to add the question.
Step.2 You will get the page to add the question and the options. Enter the question of the poll.
Step 3: Select the Poll Active from to poll active to date .The poll will be active in the front end for this date only so be careful while choosing the date.
Step 4: enter the answer choices.
Step.5 Change the Settings: To make it work, go to the settings by selecting icon. Here you can see the number of answer under Poll setting. Change this number to the number of option you are going to enter.
Note: You may get Exception
This is because the number of answer and the number of “Choose the color” you select didn't match. Make sure that this done
match.
Step.6 Vote Control: Next to the poll setting you can see vote control.From here you can set the access control to voting.
The Poll will be displayed in the front end!!
3.Bread Crum
It is a module; a navigating support used in user interfaces. While surfing, you always find yourself going from one page to the other pages inside, for that deep search. You always find yourself clicking the insides of every next page and actually lose
the track of the pages you’ve gone through. But if breadcrumb is there, then you’ll always be aware what pages you’ve gone through and also helps you to navigate through the pages smoothly. Breadcrumbs provide a trace for the user to follow
back to the starting or entry point without much hassles and clicks.
3.1 Installing Bread Crum
Select the 'Bread Crum' module from the drop down. Select the proper pane and click
'Add Module to page' from the control panel and click on save. And the Bread Crum will be installed to your site.
Example: Home>Resources>Books>the Complete Guide to SageFrame
Users can always go back to the page you want by clicking on the link of the page displayed in the breadcrumb. In the above example: I can go to the recourses page just by clicking on resources on the bread Crum.
4. Contact Us
“Contact us” is a module in SageFrame, for the users who want to interact to the web owner regarding any comments or queries. Through this, visitors can contact you regarding the products or services you provide. And this module
primarily is used to make the contact option more flexible. You can easily customize this page as per your need. You can choose from the multiple options available to be shown in your “contact us” page. And the contact form will appear as per your
chosen options.
Here, the first 2 options, “form title” and
“form information” are regarding your company and all the other options are to be displayed for visitor’s information.
Select the 'Contact Us' module from the drop down. Select the proper pane and click
'Add module to a page' from the control panel and click on
save.
Once the module is installed, you will find the module listed in the “page module settings”.
You can see page module settings under the page management.
4.1 Changing the Settings
To make this work, go to the settings by selecting icon. Here you can see the number of answer under Poll setting. Change this number to the number of option you are going to entered.
News portal is also included as a module in SageFrame. Through this you can update the latest news which will be shown in the index page of your site. HTML editor makes it easy to edit and publish them instantly without much effort. The visitors of your
website will be informed about the latest releases or information regarding your company.
5.1 To post News, follow the steps as below:-
Step.1 Select the 'News' module from the drop down.Select the proper pane and click 'Add module to page' from the control panel and click on
save.
Step 2: Once the module is installed, you will find the module listed in the “page module settings”.
You can see page module settings under the page management
Step.3 To add news, click on edit icon and choose the news category from the drop down menu. Click on 'Add news' after selecting the category.
Step.4 If you didnt find the category you were looking for, you can always add the category by navigating to
Manage News Category>Add News>Category
Step 5: Fill up the basic details of the category like the news category name and description. You can even upload the image for the category.Make sure that it is Publish. The category will not display until it is published.
You will get the news category is added successfully message once the category is saved.
Step 6: You can always edit the category by clicking on icon and delete it by clicking on icon.
Step 7: After the category is added, you can now add the news by clicking on
Manage News.
Once the news is saved you will get the news displayed at the front end on the page you selected.
6. Control Panel (Admin)
Control Panel, also known as C-Panel is the main user interface inside the admin. Whatever settings you need to make in your website, all goes through and are included in C-Panel. It is due to the access to C-Panel that you can edit and manage the contents
of your site.
There is different Control panel for superuser and administrator. First you need to log in to the site as either administrator or as the superuser. Administrator C-panel is displayed on clicking the admin, placed at the top right hand corner.
In case users forget their password, this module is to assist them with recovering password with a temporary password. All they need to do is provide the username and email address entered while registering on to the site. The link to change the password
will be send to the respective email address.
6.1 Installing Control Panel Module:-
Go to the admin>Pages
Select the page you want to install the module and click on page module settings
Click on add module and select forgot password.
Select the "HTML" module from the drop down. Select the proper pane and click "Add Module to Page" from the Control Panel and click on save
Once the module is installed, you will find the module listed in the “page module settings”.
The page module settings is located under the page management
Set the permission by clicking on …..Icon, if you want to change the name and position of the module then click on…..icon
6.2 Front end Settings:-
Step 1: go to the respective page
Now the user can get the new password.
Note: the email address and the username should match with the one user entered while registering. If it doesn’t match then the error message is displayed as
“User Name or Email Address didn’t match”
Step 2: Click on next .
Step 3: you will get the link to change the password at the specified email , logged in to your email id and click on the url to change the password
Step.4 You will be redirected to the page
Type and retype new password and click on next.
Note: Remember the password and retype password must be same, if you enter different then you will get the error message
Finally Click on Finish
7. Web Analytics
SageFrame Web analytics Module can be used in measuring site traffic and carry an effective business research and market research. Through Google Analytics one can know about his/her website traffics and marketing effectiveness. And ‘web analytics’
module of SageFrame also assists you to easily get the related information from Google Analytics. Forget about going inside the codes and going through all the hustle and bustle just to get the right place to paste the code received. Just adding this module
to one of the pages of your site will support you with a box where you can abruptly drop the received code. This makes it really convenient to get the desired result.
7.1 Installing Module:-
Note: We suggest the users to create an account with
Google analytics and make note of the ‘tracking code’, before configuring the module to your page.
Once Web Analytics is installed, you can find the place to paste the JS Google Analytics Code of your site.
8. User Management
This module is a very convenient way to get the details of the users registered in your site. A very powerful module, from User Management you can get all the details, edit all the details and those entire user related tasks without navigating the page.
Features of User Management:-
8.1 Installing Module
Select the "User Management" module from the drop down. Select the proper pane and click "Add Module to Page" from the Control Panel and click on save
Once the module is installed, you will find the module listed in the “page module settings”.
The page module settings is located under the page management.
8.2 Front End
Once the module is installed, you will get it in the frontend with the list of the users and options to add, edit and delete users.
8.2.1 Add User
You can add the new user, assign them roles and create their user profile from here.
Step 1. Click on the add user icon places at the top right hand corner.
Step 2: you will get the page to enter the details. After you fill up the information click on next
Select one or more roles for the user and then you are done
You will get the message as “user created successfully “
8.2.2 Edit Users
User Roles:-
Add role: select the role you want to add from deselected and from the arrow key in the middle, choose the one facing towards right.
Remove the previously assigned role: select the role you want to remove and move it from selected to deselect by using the arrow key located in the middle.
Change Password: change the password of a user from here.
User Management: in the case where the information on the user profile is changed, you can easily update the change from here. Just click on the field and change the information.
8.2.3 Delete the Selected User
Step 1: Select the username that you want to delete by clicking on the checkbox placed at the left hand side of every username
Ste2: now click on “Delete all selected”.
Most of the people are familiar with Google Adsense and its reward. And for those who don’t know,
Google Adsense is a program that empowers online publishers to earn revenue by displaying relevant ads on a webpage. Website owners can join up this program to enable advertisements (video, text, or image) on their websites. These advertisements are
administered and sponsored by Google and helps you to generate revenue on the basis of per click or per impression.
With SageFrame Google Adsense module, it’s so easy to display your Google ads.
The site owners can enjoy the service of Adsense in the website powered by SageFrame. For that you just have to open a Google Adsense a/c through Google which is absolutely free of cost and rest of the procedure is handled by SageFrame.
Why should you use Google Adsense Module?
Note: Before you actually add the module to your page it is a good idea to setup your Google Ad Sense account and make note of your "Adsense ID” Then you may continue to configure!!
Module Configuration
Now for the simple part, you need to configure your installation to have an instance of the Google Adsense Module. Simply follow the below steps to complete the process.
1. Select the "Google Adsense" module from the drop down. Select the proper pane and click "Add Module to a page" from the control panel.
2. Click the "Adsense Setup" link to configure the module.
3. Enter your "Channel ID" and choose your display options, then click
"Preview" to view the designed adsense or to save.
4. The added Google Adsense will be displayed in the added page.
The Message Template provides the fundamental facilities for controlling the generation of auto generated emails, message-boards and their messages. There are 16 Default Message Templates
Listed. You can edit or delete those templates.
10.1 Edit / Delete Message Template:
Step1: Go to Administration>Admin>Message Template
Step 2: List of the default message template will be displayed. Based on your requirement you can add or deleted the templates. At the Right Hand corner of every message template, edit icon and delete icon is placed.
10.2 Edit Message Template
Step.1 Click on the 'edit' icon to edit message template.
Fields Description:-
Message Template Type: Display the list of available message template on drop down combo box. If you have added the message template other than the default once that too will be listed under this combo box.
From Email: 'From email' is the email address of the sender. By default the
admin@sageframe.com is listed as from email, you can change it to your email id.
Subject: You can add subject to your message template.
Step 2: default message of the message template is displayed. You can edit the message easily just by clicking the area you want to edit.
Sageframe Account Activation Required%Username% : This is the email format containing the activation link. Email is send to the user who register to your site. User should click on this activation link to activate their user accounts.
Forgot Password Request for Sageframe Account : Email form at for user's request to change the password.
Activation Successful: Activation Message is send to users email id after their user account gets activated.
Password Recovered Successfully %Username% : After the users successfully change their password , password changed successfully is displayed on the screen.
Sorry Activation Fail: User accounts may not get activated because of the missing information or duplicate the information. 'Activation Failed' message is displayed if the activation fails because of eh above mentioned reasons.
Activation Successful: This message template is displayed after the user's account gets activated.
Password Forgot Template : This is the template for message displayed after users click 'forgot password'. Give them the instruction to reset the password.
Password Recovery Fail: If the user fails to provide required information to recover password or if the recovery time exceeds.
Password Recovery Successful: Successful password recovery message template is displayed after the password is recovered successfully.
User Registration Help: Message template to help the user who wants to register.
User Registration Successful - None : This message template is displayed after the user account gets successfully registered as None users.
User Registration Successful - Private : This message template is displayed after the user account gets registered as private users.
User Registration Successful - Public: This message template is displayed after the user account gets registered as public users.
User Registration Successful - Verified: This message template is displayed after the user account gets registered as a Verified Users.
Username and Password Matched: When the username and password entered by the user match, this message is displayed.
Password Recovery - Help : Direction to recover a password is displayed here.
10.3 Add new message template type
If programmer feels like the message template present here is not enough, he can design his own message template .Once design and added it will be auto listed to Message Template Type.
To add the message template follow the steps:
Step 1: go to Administration>Admin>Message Template
Step 2: click on Add new message template
Targetting for website related to ecommerce, job search, or any other site where the users information is required, we have created themodule name “user Profile”.Every user logged in can create or edit their own profile page by clciking on the
my profile displayed at the top right hand corner just below the login.User should be logged in first to create/edit their profile.
Backend: For user to make it possible to add/edit their profile, administrator of the site should first configure the settings.Follow these steps :
Step 1:By default, my profile page is available and it contains the basic information only.To edit the default Myprofile page , you should loggin first.
Step 2: go to Admin>Manage profile definition
Step 3: Click on 'Add new'
Step 4: Enter the details of the field you are going to add and click on
'save' once done.
The field you just added will be displayed in the list of the fields.You can update/delete the filed anytime you like.
Note: The field that you just added will be displayed in the front end of the site. You can modify the module to meet your exact requirements. Please view the manual of
Site Settings for further details.
Most of the time is spent in tracking the problem rather than solving it, so to help webmaster track the problem in less time, SageFrame contains Event Viewer Management Features. Log of all the problems along with client IP, page URL and Exception is displayed.
Why you should use event viewer?
12.1 Display Problem Log:
Step 1:Go to Administration >Admin>Event Viewer.
Step 2: Select the type of problem you want to display.The list of problem type is displayed once you click on the combo box.
Step 3: choose the number of rows you want to display on the screen.
Step4: once you define the type of problem and number of rows you want to display, the list of log related to the type you defined will be displayed as shown in the figure below. Click on the log you want to deal with.
Viewing every detail: you can view the details of the error by selecting the Log type
Brief Details of the Field:
Client IP: It is the IP address on which the problem was occurred.
Page URL: URL of the page where the error occurred.
Exception: Detail of the error.
Step 6: After you tackle the problem you can delete the log. There are two options available:
Send exceptions:
Once you encountered an exception you can email the error
Step 1. Go to Administration>Admin>Template Management,
Step 2. Click on 'Add new template' to add your own template.
Step 3. To install a new template, browse a 'template zip file' and click on
'install' button.
Step 4. After you click on the 'install button' it will display 'successful installation' notification message
Note: - Now, if you go to
Administration > Admin > Site settings, on Appearance tab you can see a template that you just added in a dropdown list. Hence, you can choose template to be active,
CSS Management is one of the best features of Sageframe. It is used to change CSS of the existing templates without having to go through the CSS folders. Minor changes such as changing a text position, font color etc can be done and uploaded instantly without
connecting to FTP up loader.
Step 1. Go to Administration>Admin>Manage CSS,
Step 2. CSS file only displays CSS files of an active template
CSS Management Fields and it's Functions:
You can choose from the dropdown list of CSS files of an active template.
File Content: Once you choose a CSS file you can make changes in the CSS content.
Step.3 once you click on the ‘SAVE’ button to upload the changes, it will display the message as
‘CSS saved successfully’
Last edited May 25, 2011 at 9:34 AM by sageframe, version 30Jeremy Lee: One great ad that lets you forgive C4 for all the other crap
By Jeremy Lee, campaignlive.co.uk, Thursday, 19 July 2012 08:00AM
The Channel 4 chief executive, David Abraham, and his sales director, Jonathan Allan, have provided the industry with much to talk about over the past 12 months or so. This has sometimes been in stark contrast to the broadcaster's on-air fayre.
Agencies.2001 Chevrolet Silverado 2500 HD Q&A
2001 Chevrolet Silverado 2500 HD Question: Transfer case and how to improve mileage - Tunkwa
Answer 1
Are you sure your transfer case is failing again? That seems awfully soon for a bearing to be failing again. In any case, the 245/75R16 is a shorter tire than the 265/75R16 (essentially a 31" tire vs a 32" tall tire). This will make your engine run at a higher rpm at a given speed than your old (taller) tire. You may have noticed a slight increase in acceleration performance. Tire pressure can also influence gas mileage, maybe the shop set it fairly low for comfort? hope this helps! - Andy Y
1. stevieray1
4. globalhelper
9. michaelleechThe Self-Adhered waterproofing system provides building owners with added waterproofing security by having the waterproofing membrane bonded directly to the structural concrete deck while increasing installation productivity for waterproofing contractors.
This system is an excellent choice for intensive and extensive green roofs and plaza decks receiving landscaping, pavers or concrete overburden. It can also be used in split slab parking decks, planters, tunnels, balconies and terrace applications.
The flexible foam backing layer conforms around minor irregularities in the substrate and provides a cushion for the waterproofing membrane. It also acts as a barrier to protect the G476 membrane from existing substrate contaminants such as asphalt. The pressure sensitive adhesive provides a tenacious bond between the membrane composite and substrate to mitigate potential water migration under the sheet.
Like all Sika Sarnafil thermoplastic membranes, the Sarnafil G476 SA seams are hot-air welded, resulting in a high-strength, watertight seal.
"Quicker, Simpler Installation"
Contractors are always looking for ways to increase productivity and accelerate project schedules. G476 SA does just that. It eliminates field applied adhesives, simplifies flashing details and reduces installed labor cost.
G476 SA was used as the waterproofing membrane for the green roof installation at the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond in Charlotte, NC, as noted in some of the photos on this page.
Editor's Note: The Race to Tomorrow Is On
April 15, 2014
A lot of the manufacturing conversation has centered lately on Industry 4.0, aka Industrial Internet, aka digital manufacturing, aka advanced manufacturing. Semantics aside, these terms all mean one thing: fully automated, intelligent, and self-regulating factories powered by autonomous robots and orchestrations of production control data and digital information.
It's good to know the U.S. isn't sitting still. A digital manufacturing consortium led by American multinational giants is embarking on its first project, and there is an open invitation to smaller manufacturers and suppliers to join. The global supply chains of these blue-chip manufacturers will soon be preferred partners versed in the language of automation. Americans can ill-afford to be spectators in tomorrow’s manufacturing ecosystem and should make their way to the starting line now. William Ng, Editor-in-Chief, wng@thomasnet.com.
Ralen Lined Clog
sale $29.99 $44.99
Women's Sanrah Wedge Flip-flop
$39.99
Women’s Patricia Leopard Wedge
$41.99
Women’s Kadee Leopard Print Flip
$21.99
Women's Crocs Cobbler Lined
sale $39.99 $59.99
Crocband-X™ Flip
$29.99
Blitzen Convertible
sale $49.99 $59.99
Crocs Cobbler Leather Clog
sale $59.99 $69.99
Crocband™ Tokyo Skyline Clog
sale $34.99 $39.99
Mercy Work Leopard Graphic Clog
sale $39.99 $46.99
Chawaii Parrot Print Flip
sale $19.99 $24.99
Crocband™ Hong Kong Skyline Clog
sale $34!Disabled List
5 Pirates Players Placed On Disabled List
The
The Pittsburgh Pirates are getting ready to welcome a starting pitcher back into the fold. However, another starter is heading to the disabled list.
Starling Marte Activated, Pedro Alvarez Placed On Bereavement List
The Pirates roster moves continue as outfielder Starling Marte has been activated from the 7-day concussion disabled list while third baseman Pedro Alvarez was put on the bereavement list.
Report: Andrew McCutchen To Be Placed On 15-Day Disabled List
The Pittsburgh Pirates are expected to place center fielder Andrew McCutchen on the 15-day disabled list.
Pirates Place Cole On 15-Day DL
Gerrit Cole is heading to the disabled list for the second time this season.
Clint Barmes Placed On Disabled List
Pirates infielder Clint Barmes has been placed on the 15-day disabled list for a groin strain.
_9<<
Polanco To Make Debut Tuesday, Walker Undergoes Appendectomy
Neil Walker has been placed on the 15-day disabled list after he underwent an appendectomy.
Pirates’ Jason Grilli Talks About His Return To The Team
Griili has been reinstated from 15 day DL, He talks about the return and the release of his new book “Just My Game”
Pirates Place Reliever Stolmy Pimentel On DL
The Pirates placed reliever Stolmy Pimentel on the 15-day disabled list with right shoulder inflammation, one of four roster moves Pittsburgh made Saturday.
Grilli, Martin Placed On Disabled List After Suffering Injuries
Tony Sanchez will take over for Pirates pitcher Jason Grilli.
Pirates Place Closer Jason Grilli On 15-Day Disabled List
After starting the year with three blown saves in seven opportunities and pitching his way to a 4.50 ERA, the Pirates have placed closer Jason Grilli on the 15-day disabled list.
Pirates Place Starting Pitcher Wandy Rodriguez On 15-Day DL
The Pirates announced they have placed starting pitcher Wandy Rodriguez on the 15-day Disabled List with right knee inflammation and have recalled relief pitcher Jared Hughes.Space: 1999 taught me two valuable lessons. The first is that space is depressing.
Continue reading Space 1999: Aliens Are JerksThis category is for sites related to psychological categorization by the 9 Enneagram types. For sites related to spirituality, please use Society: Religion and Spirituality: Fourth Way: Enneagram.The Enneagram identifies nine different types based on nine different human fixations. This category is for the psychological categorization, rather than spirituality.
Additions to this category should relate directly and specifically to the five-factor model of personality.
The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) assessment is a psychometric questionnaire designed to measure psychological preferences in how people perceive the world and make decisions. This category contains sites regarding the Myers-Briggs typology system.The Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) assessment is a psychometric questionnaire designed to measure psychological preferences in how people perceive the world and make decisions. This category contains sites regarding the Myers-Briggs typology system.
This category contains sites for qualified and certified practioners and providers of the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) Instrument.
Online tests based on MBTI are listed in the Informal Tests subcategory.
Please submit only websites that have English language content to this category and its subcategories. If your site is in a language other than English, please submit it to the appropriate category of World.
Submit only Journals that relate specifically to personality. General psychology journals should be submitted to the "Journals and Publications" subcategory of the general Psychology category.A collection of psychological journals which relate directly to the study of personality.
Please avoid submitting purity tests and other quizzes that compare people to fictional characters. These sites should best be submitted to categories that contain the subject matter of the quiz. For example submit a how much of a pyro are you purity test to Pyrotechnics Science and submit a which Brat Packer are you quiz to the Brat Pack category.There is currently no description created for this category.Oct 28 The miller would rub it between his fingers “This was last used in 1942. It’s one of the mills that supplied part of the valley in here. “The original mill didn’t belong to my grandfather. It belonged to a family of Matthews that owned this property at that time. The Matthews were . . . I’m sure you’ve heard of the old Federal […] 0 commentsNo Active Storms
Please login to use favourites.
Pipeline with a set in the back
Date Taken: 27th October 2012. 66938 views
Pipeline & Backdoor5205 views
Off-The-Wall508 views
Rockpile/Heisler Park3245 views
Waimea Bay8710 views
Rockpile/Heisler Park2287 views
Dania Beach Pier1300 views
Deerfield Beach1929 views
Deerfield Beach1657 views
Deerfield Beach1685 views
This photo hasn't been tagged yet
Get the ultimate Magicseaweed.com experience with MSW Pro
Are you already a member? LoginCareer Opportunities
Christopher Kidd & Associates, LLC seeks qualified individuals to immediately fill the following full-time permanent positions:
- Accounts Receivable Assistant
- Architectural Electrical CAD Technician
- Architectural Electrical Design Engineer
- Architectural Plumbing CAD Technician
- Architectural Plumbing Design Engineer
- Senior Architectural Electrical Design Engineer
- Senior Architectural Plumbing Design Engineer
Christopher Kidd & & Associates, LLC is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes your interest in our firm. We encourage applicants to submit resumes with cover letters for consideration.
Submit by mail to:
Christopher Kidd & Associates, LLC
Attn: Mary Obermann
N48 W16550 Lisbon Rd
Menomonee Falls, WI 53051-6630 map
or via email: m.obermann@ckiddarchitects.comRemorse
Bradley Jay: ‘Is Life Imprisonment A Harsher Punishment Than Execution?’
Click play to watch the Jay Talking video and see who believes that life in prison is worse than execution and why.
Keller @ Large: Remorse Is A Powerful Thing
When someone commits a serious offense, it is expected that, once caught, the perp will, if he or she wants rehabilitation or mercy, show genuine remorse.Karara Iron Ore has used its new integrated mine and rail logistics chain in mid-west Western Australia for the first time....
ABC Mid West WA Archives
Stories from 16 August, 2012 on ABC Mid West WA (6 items)
- Red Cross Australia says it has no plans to reopen the Geraldton Blood Bank....
- Gold miner and explorer Troy Resources has sold its Sandstone prospect in the Murchison to Southern Cross Goldfields for $5 million. ...
- Shack owners at the Blow Holes camping site, north of Carnarvon, say the natural landscape is being damaged as people drive off-road on motorbikes and ...
-
- Karara Iron Ore's 85 kilometre integrated mine and rail logistics chain has been used for this first time....
Pages
- Arts and Entertainment
- Business, Economics and Finance
- Community and Society
- Defence and National Security
- Disasters and Accidents
- Education
- Environment
- Government and Politics
- Health
- Human Interest
- Information and Communication
- Law, Crime and Justice
- Lifestyle and Leisure
- Rural
- Science and Technology
- Sport
- Unrest, Conflict and War
- Weather5 Ways Hiding Your Social Presence Hurts Youby Lisa Barone on 04/04/2011 • 10 Comments | Social Media.
About the Author
Lisa Barone co-founded Outspoken Media in 2009 and served as Chief Branding Officer until April 2012.
My impression is that social media is sort of imposed to most brands. They don’t like it, at all, heck executives hate not to be in control of this stuff, and social media isn’t really something you can control. They have to participate, but they choose to do it in a “stealth” way, dedicating limited resources to it (enough to have a presence, not enough to make it count) and they hope it’ll be enough to make customer see “they care”.
Do you feel the same?
I can definitely see larger brands taking that stance. They begrudgingly accept the fact they need to be there, so they create the accounts going through the motions, hoping it’s enough. It’s not. And it creates a huge disconnect.
For small companies, I think it’s more fear that they’re “doing it wrong” than anything else. They’re not sure they’ve totally gotten the hang of this “twitter thing” yet so they don’t tell anyone about it. They wait until the accounts are “successful”. However, it’s hard to build a following when you’re not telling anyone you’re around to be their friend. :)
Nobody should be hiding from social media in todays online marketplace. Why would you want to hide from the people that can help grow your business? If a company is scared than they need to put someone in the drivers seat that wants to dive in and start chatting and sharing.
I completely agree! Especially with larger brands, you’d think they’d have the budgets to hire someone to handle their social media FOR them if they were so against doing it themselves. I agree – there’s no excuse today for hiding from social media, especially if you HAVE the accounts and you’re just not showing them off.
Very nice article Lisa. I particularly agree with point #2, that you can’t leverage a bridge you haven’t built. I think this not only applies to having the system in place, but also being confident and comfortable enough to use it in a savvy way. It will be really tough to use any social media component in a crisis moment if you are not practiced in doing so.
Thanks again for the post. Really enjoyed it.
David – I definitely agree about not only HAVING the systems in place but knowing how to leverage them. Oddly enough, I referenced that in this morning’s post about Real-Time Marketing. We must be sharing a brain or something. ;)
RE: “When I land on the PETCO site and I see immediate links to connect with the company on Twitter, Facebook and their blog – I trust them more.” Really??? Its as simple as throwing up some chicklets to gain someones trust?? Geez, I thought that was done by how a company conducts itself day to day over time. I didn’t realize it was just a matter of throwing your social media accounts on the homepage. BP.com also has its social media accounts on the homepage. Does that mean I should trust them more?
Thanks for this post, Lisa. Hiding from transparency makes companies visible … in a bad light. Hiding prevents current and potential customers from paying a company … with attention.
I like the line “You can’t leverage a bridge you haven’t built”. Well put.
“ignoring social media makes you mute, not invisible” – I like that. As a social media guy for a Fortune 50 that has fully embraced social media, I think this point stands on its own.
I think for big businesses with the resources to engage on all social media platforms it’s a poor show that many of them are in ‘hiding’.
Whether they like it or not, a large percentage of potential customers are active online. Would they open up an offline store and just put a few signs up but not have any staff on hand to help and advise?Headlines January 05, 2000 Full Show | First Story >
Attica Prisoners Awarded $8 Million in Compensation Settlement
Prisoners who were beaten and tortured by law enforcement officers at Attica in upstate New York in 1971 were awarded $8 million in a compensation settlement yesterday. The four-day siege at the prison, which cost the lives of 11 guards and 32 prisoners, ended with state troopers storming the facility. Eighty people were wounded. It became the deadliest prison brutality incident in the nation’s history. And this is what it sounded like at the time.
Report on Pacifica Station WBAI in 1971: "Governor Rockefeller and prison officials provoked a police riot, which caused the deaths of 41 persons and the shootings and beatings of hundreds more. We hereby call for the indictment of Governor Rockefeller, Commissioner Oswald, Deputy Commissioner Dunbar, Warden — and Warden Mancusi and Deputy Warden Vincent for assault, mayhem and murder."
Israel Begins Partial Transfer of West Bank to Palestinian Control
Israel began transferring five percent of the West Bank to Palestinian control today after negotiators ended a seven-week deadlock over whether the Palestinians could have a say in what areas will be handed over. The withdrawal started around midday, when several trucks loaded with furniture and mattresses rolled out of the Yosef army air base, east of the West Bank’s largest town of Nablus. The army was to transfer a total of six bases and camps in the northern and southern West Bank, and the pullback was to be completed tomorrow. As part of the agreement, Israel is handing three percent of the West Bank to Palestinian civil rule and another two percent to sole Palestinian control.
Chechen Fighters Launch Counterattack Against Russian Forces
Chechen fighters launched a strong counterattack against Russian forces in Grozny’s northern outskirts today, despite Moscow’s claims that the rebels were close to collapse. Rebel fighters retook parts of the Grozny’s suburb of Khankala, which Russian forces claimed to have occupied days ago. By this morning, Chechen militants control the southern half of the area. Chechen leaders said the attacks mark the start of a change in the war, adding that the Russian advance into Chechnya would be halted. A major Chechen counterattack could be embarrassing to the Russian government, which has claimed it is close to defeating the rebels.
Pinochet Undergoes Medical Exam to Determine Fitness to Stand Trial
Former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet underwent an independent medical examination today to determine his fitness to stand trial in Spain on charges of human rights abuses. The tests were expected to take most of the day. Pinochet’s supporters have long said his health is too poor to withstand the rigors of a trial. The medical exam was requested by the Chilean government and accepted by the British Home Secretary, who ultimately must decide whether to extradite Pinochet to Spain or allow him to return home. Human Rights Watch said today that determining the state of Pinochet’s health is very important because "all criminal defendants must be able to participate in their own defense."
Suspected Tamil Rebel Detonates Explosives Strapped to Her Body Near Sri Lankan PM Office
In Sri Lanka, a suspected Tamil rebel detonated explosives strapped to her body while police tried to search her near the prime minister’s office today, killing herself and 10 others. Hours later, gunmen assassinated a pro-Tamil politician. The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam have been fighting for a separate homeland for the minority Tamil people since 1983.
Bradley Criticizes Gore Campaign Ahead of Debate
In a prelude to the latest debate with his Democratic presidential rival, Bill Bradley said Vice President Al Gore is campaigning in desperation and warned Democrats that Gore will be a weaker nominee because of his questionable 1996 fundraising tactics. Tonight will be the fourth debate between the two Democratic presidential contenders. It comes three weeks before the first 2000 primary on February 1 in New Hampshire, where Bradley is running stronger than anywhere else, at least according to polls. Meanwhile, Al Gore’s bid for the presidency will get a boost from a Kennedy today. Breaking a longstanding tradition, Massachusetts Senator Edward Kennedy will endorse a candidate before the Democrat’s nominating convention. According to Kennedy aides, his decision to endorse Gore comes after reflecting over the Christmas holiday and a telephone conversation with the Vice President after New Year’s. The Kennedy camp says the endorsement should not be viewed as a slap against Bill BradShaw Targets a 60% Reduction in Waste to Landfill by 2011
Shaw Industries Group Inc., a leading carpet manufacturer and floor covering provider, has reclaimed more than 244 million pounds of post-consumer carpet since 2007 through its nationwide carpet collection network, of which 85 percent was recycled carpet to carpet, according to the company’s inaugural sustainability report.
Shaw’s goal is to reduce its total waste to landfill by 60 percent by year-end 2011, with 2008 as a baseline. The company will start with a 20 percent reduction by year-end 2009 followed by an additional 40 percent reduction by year-end 2010. Shaw is committed to a goal of zero waste to landfill.
Thanks to the company’s post-industrial carpet and “wood flour” waste-to-energy processes, Shaw saved $623,000 in energy costs in 2008 through its energy reclamation process, preventing 9,498,000 pounds of carpet waste and 12,022,000 pounds of wood and laminate flooring waste (known as wood flour) from landfills.
The company offers environmentally-friendly products in all five flooring categories: carpet, area rugs, hardwood, laminate, tile and stone. As an example, in 2008, the company introduced its ClearTouch PET filament with recycled content from reclaimed plastic bottles. It also received NSF 140 certification, a Sustainable Carpet Assessment Standard.
In 2008, Shaw’s energy intensity (BTUs per total finished goods produced in pounds) increased less than 1 percent compared to 2007. The company attributes the slight increase to the integration of two new hardwood facilities. Using 2007 as a baseline, Shaw aims to reduce energy intensity by 25 percent by 2017.
Shaw is also committed to using at least 10 percent of all energy from alternative and/or renewable sources by 2017. In 2008, the company increased its usage of non-fossil fuels by over 100 percent, reaching 5.78 percent of total energy from 2.82 percent in 2007.
During 2008, Shaw also reduced its water intensity reduction by 19 percent from its year-end 2006 baseline. The company installed recovery basins in each finishing facility to capture waste water, which is then used as a fresh water substitute. This process, which enables the recycling and reuse of both water and latex raw material, saves approximately 7,000 gallons of water per week at each carpet finishing facility.
The company has reduced its water intensity by 45 percent since 1999, and targets an additional 25 percent by 2010 and 40 percent by 2016 using 2006 as a baseline.
As a result of its participation in the U.S. Environmental Agency’s SmartWay Transportation Program, since 2007, Shaw Transportation has increased its average miles per gallon (mpg) from approximately 6.25 to 6.60 mpg as compared to the 2007 industry average of approximately 5.80 mpg.
Since the publication of this sustainability report, Shaw has also announced additional progress towards its sustainability strategy, including post-consumer carpet reclamation of more than 250 million pounds and construction of a new Re2E (Reclaim-to-Energy) energy reclamation facility. The company also received Cradle to Cradle certification for its Epic Hard Job Shaw. I’m glad to see large corporations taking the necessary steps to helping cut back on our waste. I really glad that they are not only focusing on the amount of material that they are putting in landfills but also things like how much energy they are using. Keep up the good work.
Jacob | September 18th, 2009Maybe.
PHOTOS: Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis goof off during tennis match
Tennis fan Amanda Seyfried also ventured to the east to cheer on Andy Murray in his final match of the tournament.
Instead of bringing new boyfriend Justin Long to the match, the Les Misérables star chose to spend some quality time with her close girlfriend.
Before they enjoyed their VIP seats in the Moët & Chandon suite, the two were able to snap a photo courtside.
So did her favorite player win? Not exactly. "#everybodywinswithann" she Instagramed after watching Murray's tough lost. Way to keep things positive, Amanda!
—Reporting by Claudia Rosenbaum
PHOTOS: More stars attending the 2013 U.S. OpenFlooring Installer: 1 to 1
Refine Your Search
Materials:
- Bamboo
- Ceramic
- Cork
- Exotic Wood
- Granite
- Hardwood
- Laminate
- Leather
- Limestone
- Linoleum
- Marble
- Marmoleum
- Natural Stone
- Rubber
- Slate
- Vinyl
- White Oak 33572On 08/20/2011 02:07 PM, Matt Addison wrote: > On Aug 20, 2011, at 3:09, Pete Carah <pete at altadena.net> wrote: > > Note that he wanted to use fiber for lightning protection; the metal > strip rather negates that... > > > Only if you plug the metal strip into your equipment. We usually don't do > that with locate wires (they usually sit unterminated, or maybe grounded, > depending on site practice). Never underestimate lightning!!! Actually unterminated is still bad for the equipment if the conductor comes within a few inches of it (and lightning hits don't have to be direct to get damage even from this)... The best is non-metallic fiber in well-grounded metallic conduit (that ends at the building entry) (there are safety considerations here; the building or at least the entry area has to be built to handle the ground currents and not mix them into either power or phone lines) if you are in a serious lightning area. Sometime look at the external grounding at a (properly-installed) cell site if you can get close enough to one to see it. (and the power folks are even more paranoid, sometimes they will run a microwave link across a street to avoid conductive communications links. Then again, they can make their own lightning, and they do (usually) plan for it.) If unterminated to a junction point at the entry wall, then non-conductive from there to the equipment, it will be better for the equipment, but lightning hitting the cable directly will likely explode the strip where it hits, normally cutting the fiber for a few inches; this can easily happen even if nothing appears to be grounded (think capacitor; the voltage and current rate-of-rise makes capacitors and inductors out of things you wouldn't expect). And a grounded strip can attract the lightning, even through an insulating sheath (again, think capacitor). If you wonder, I have some darkened parts left over from some satellite receivers that had been connected to well-grounded antennas; that helps but not always enough... If the locate wire is big enough (say 10awg, maybe 12) then it probably won't explode but even that can't be guaranteed; I've seen a #4 wire melted half-way through from what was probably a direct hit (this was in California in an area not known for lightning, even; we only got a significant storm once or twice every few years.) And I had an old 14.4k modem (this was the early 1990's) burned out by a direct hit at the CO 1.5 miles away (I happened to be near the CO and saw the hit at the same time my link disappeared so I know that was what did it... Got back home and found the modem didn't recover.) (same part of California.) -- PeteArticle
The hippocampus in experimental chronic epilepsy: A morphometric analysis
Article first published online: 8 OCT 2004
DOI: 10.1002/ana.410270108
Issue
1531-8249/asset/cover.gif?v=1&s=685ec69724c5ed4c8847ce939e70ceb45065856f)
Annals of Neurology
Volume 27, Issue 1, pages 43–48, January 1990
Additional Information
How to Cite
Bertram, E. H., Lothman, E. W. and Lenn, N. J. (1990), The hippocampus in experimental chronic epilepsy: A morphometric analysis. Ann Neurol., 27: 43–48. doi: 10.1002/ana.410270108
Publication History
- Issue published online: 8 OCT 2004
- Article first published online: 8 OCT 2004
- Manuscript Accepted: 5 JUN 1989
- Manuscript Revised: 2 FEB 1989
- Manuscript Received: 3 JAN 1989
- Abstract
- References
- Cited By
Abstract
The effect of intermittent seizures on the pryramidal neurons of the hippocampus is largely unknown. To determine whether recurrent seizures centered in the hippocampus can produce neuronal loss in this region, a morphometric analysis was performed from standardized sections of hippocampus using 5 groups of animals: (1) surgical control subjects, (2) rats kindled by the rapidly recurring hippocampal seizure (RRHS) paradigm, (3) kindled rats with a few additional limbic seizures (528 ° 66 seizures), (4) kindled rats with may limbic seizures (1,523 ° 130 seizures), and (5) rats experiencing limbic status epilepticus (SE) induced by “continuous” hippocampal stimulation. The RRHS and SE protocols induced significant neuronal loss in the CA1 region, but no evidence was found for additional cell loss with increasing numbers of intermittent seizures. These intermittent seizures were, however, associated with a significant thickening of the basal and apical dendritic fields of the CA1 region. These finding indicate that intermittent seizures produce no significant hippocampal neuronal loss and may result in a hypertrophy of CA1 dendritic fields.An Exhibit at the Villa Paloma: Nouveau Musée National de Monaco Featuring H.R.H. Princess Caroline of Hanover, Princess of Monaco
At the Villa Paloma: Nouveau Musée National de Monaco there is a new exhibition entitled, 3 Expositions + 1 Film: Heritage in Monaco, which tells the story of the history of the principality through rare photographs as well as documents. Princess Caroline is a highlight of the exhibition in which several portraits are on display of the princess by famed artists such as the late Helmut Newton, designer and photographer Karl Lagerfeld, Francesco Vezzoli, and many more.
3 Expositions + 1 Film: Heritage in Monaco runs through January 8, 2012 at the Villa Paloma. To view photos please click here. To learn more about the exhibition please click here.The big news in kidvid land today is the departure of Herb Scannell from Nickelodeon. Herb was, for the last ten years, the top guy at Nickelodeon and one of the true good guys in the business.I met Herb before I got involved with Nickelodeon, and he was always interested in hearing what I had to say – though usually it was about reviving the Terrytoons library that the company owned. Herb had an open door policy and would listen to (and carefully consider) any and all new ideas. When I worked for the company between 1994 and 1997, I saw him take the reins from Gerry Laybourne and move the company to even greater success. He was a unique executive who had vision, determination, and a heart.I’m sure Herb is going off to bigger and better things – but I know he will be missed by all at Nick.
Good luck Herb!
HERB SCANNELL LEAVES NICK"I want to thank you and Dataprise for the excellent service provided to us during our move and the corresponding move of our network.
The whole team were committed to ensuring that this difficult process went as smoothly as possible and they did a wonderful job. The fact that they would spend whatever time necessary to make sure that the transition was successful is unique and invaluable. G. was so driven to make this challenging move successful that he allowed our team and myself to feel confident that the IT part of the move was being handled properly and allowed us to concentrate on other matters.
I would highly recommend your company to any organization looking to outsource their information systems management and to organizations planning to move their network."
Learn who this is
President / CEO
Mid-sized Financial Firm our policy stands now, we ignore countries that are ‘bad’ until we need them to do something for us. Well, we’ve usually ‘ignored’ (alienated) them for so long that they are usually more than hesitant to cooperate. The next President needs to keep the line of communication open with countries, not use negotiations as a bonus for nations that appease us.
2) Increase Foreign Aid- The next President needs to push Congress to increasing financial and humanitarian aid to the developing world. As we throw away money on the Conflict in Iraq, China and other competing nations are developing relationships with smaller nations. Foreign aid helps us develop spheres of influence around the world that will come in handy the next time we need help. The best thing for America right now would be a paradigm shift away from unilateral wars and towards common, consensus-building endeavors.
3) Diversify Our Energy Supplies- This isn’t a strictly foreign policy issue, but it would have a profound effect on our foreign policy. The next president needs to provide funding for alternative energies. Regardless when we reap the benefits from the investment, the foreign nations that have oil-inflated egos are going to find themselves in a precarious position with America on the path to energy independence.
4) Pull Out of Iraq (Mostly)- The War in Iraq is not going to get better with more troops. If the next President can’t pass legislation that would remove us from Iraq in the first year of his presidency (meaning a withdrawl the next year, or 2010), I would say that his legacy will be mired by Iraq the same way the current President’s has. Other nations are becoming more and more openly hostile to the notion of an Imperial Empire taking over the Middle East and if the President can’t get support domestically, how can we expect any potential to do the same in their country? I would expect the next President to the troop level in Iraq by at least 75% in order to achieve any level of success on the Iraqi issue. Pulling out of Iraq is the first step towards pressing other countries on issues that are important to us.
5) Re-engage the UN- International Organizations may or may not be effective, but our participation in them is an important indication of our standing amongst the international community. The first step in improving our relationship with the UN would be to appoint a nominee that can get strong support domestically (ie. not another Bolton-esque hack). The next step is to increase our activity outside the hallowed-halls of the Security Council. This is a daunting task for any administration, but we need ignore the War in Iraq and forge a coalition with other nations in the broader war against poverty and disease.
6) Ratify the Kyoto Protocol- It’s irrelevant whether the United States’ economy can handle joining Kyoto (which it probably can). The US economy has proven itself resilient time and time again, and arguments against Kyoto are all tainted with the bias of big business. The act of signing on to Kyoto would be a huge win for the global environmental protection movement. Seeing as how the United States is the only major developed country not to have signed Kyoto, it’s rather embarassing that we can even talk about countering global warming.
7) Repeal the Mexico City Policy- Quick synopsis: the Mexico City Policy is known as the Global Gag Rule, and outlaws US foreign aid to any international family planning organizations that condone (or even don’t speak out about) abortion. This policy is the centerpiece of the New Right’s campaign to export its twisted conservative Christian agenda and impose it on the developing world. Ironically, the Global Gag Rule increases abortion, and especially unsafe abortion, as women have no access to family planning counseling and contraceptives. As long as the Global Gag Rule is in place, the United States will be seen as a country willing to play games with women’s lives in order to climb on its moral pedestal.
8) Ratify the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court- The ICC was created to prosecute war criminals. This may be why President Bush seems particularly hesitant to join the ICC. The Bush Administration argues that joining the ICC would open the legal floodgates to thousands of charges against US soldiers and military officials. One must ask, though, why the US would resort to such an excuse: perhaps it already knows its own guilt? As long as the US remains outside the jurisdiction of the ICC, the preemptive strike doctrine, torture, and other Bush Administration hobbies will stay legitimate, and the international community will continue to question our leadership.
9) Stop Being Complicit in Torture – Call it “enhanced”, “invasive”, or just downright human-rights violating, but the current interrogation tactics legitimated by the US military/intelligence services are not only immoral but also impractical. On ethical grounds, it’s hypocritical and counterintuitive for the President to claim that everyone deserves human rights precisely because they’re human, and at the same time, designate captured terror suspects as “enemy combatants” not prisoners of war. As a result, the Bush Administration attempts to rhetorically side step the Geneva Conventions by literally denigrating terror suspects to subhuman status. So, on moral grounds, we violate the universalizing ethic of human rights by excluding who can be fully human and therefore claim full human rights. On practical grounds, torturing suspects in Gitmo/Abu Grahib/Eastern European Prison, or handing them over for Jordan/Syria/Egypt to torture them undermines our ability to project our soft power into the Muslim world. After all, a pyramid of naked prisoners cowering in fear at an attack dog doesn’t exactly project benevolent intentions.
10) Rethink the Free Trade Mantra – Basic macroeconomic theory tells us that if two nations specialize in different goods such as guns and butter, and they trade with each other, the result is mutually beneficial. Too bad the US and China don’t just make guns and butter. What’s happening today is that US manufacturing companies are outsourcing manufacturing jobs to the rest of the world where labor costs are minimal and tax breaks and investment opportunities are provided by the foreign government. As a result, unfettered free trade is exerting downward pressure on US living standards and wages. The next administration needs to include labor rights concerns and environmental guarantees into its future trade agreements with other countries in an effort to equalize the disparities in manufacturing conditions from Flint, Michigan, and Bangalore, India.
Kedar wrote the first five suggestions, Yao wrote the next three, and Gary wrote the last two. Gary very specifically wanted me, Kedar, to remind everyone that he totally disagrees with suggestion #4 regarding our pullout from Iraq. Gary wrote at great length about his views here but I totally disagree. We’ll discuss this later.
#5 doesn’t quite go far enough. The United States doesn’t need to just suck up to the UN and pay their fees; they need to use the UN as a tool for humanitarian interventions. I’m not talking about “let’s discuss this with the Sudanese government, hold hands, and sing happy songs” approach to Darfur. The UN, with the overwhelming support of the US, needs to go in and get its hands dirty. The only good argument for why humanitarian interventions are bad is that they “hurt American hegemony by overstretching the military.” But international relations aren’t only dictated by hard power, and given how outrageously low American soft power is at the moment, humanitarian interventions can only increase positive perceptions of the United States.
I couldn’t agree more.
Seems to me point ten is critical for the US to be viewed with any credibility by other nations. The paranoia surrounding US relations with for example, Venezuela which is putting oil dollars into hospitals and schools, makes the US look imperialistic and shows that its aid is based solely on the basis of spreading an unfair free trade system that only benefits its self.
COME TELL JOE THIS?
“
Wonderful work! This is the kind of information that should be shared
across the web. Disgrace on Google for now not positioning this submit upper!
Come on over and discuss with my web site .
Thank you =)
Feel free to visit my blog post :: Criminal case hackAnd you thought Kris Bryant held the Cubs' minor league home run crown.
While he hasn't quite reached Bryant's swatting supremacy quite yet, Cubs first-round pick Kyle Schwarber is on his own home run tear with his professional baseball career just underway.
Schwarber has played three games with the short-season Boise Hawks, and he's already bashed a pair of home runs.
[MORE CUBS: In beating Phillies, Cubs see parts of The Plan come together]
In fact, Schwarber's all-around offensive game has been absolutely fantastic in his first few games as a minor leaguer. He went 3-for-5 in his debut Friday night with a homer, three RBIs and two runs scored. The following day he was 3-for-5 again with three more RBIs and a run scored. Sunday, he hit a solo homer in his second at-bat.
The No. 4 overall pick in this month's draft, Schwarber is picking up where he left off as a junior at Indiana University. He hit .358 with 14 homers and 48 RBIs in 59 games this season with the Hoosiers.Did your religion play a factor in deciding whether to home school....
or was it strictly educational reasons?
We are secular homeschoolers homeschooling due to bullying and social problems DD was having in K. & 1st grade.
When I first decided I would have to say no, it wasn't religous NOR was it educational. I just loved them so very much and missed them terribly. I also hated the bullying and crap at the schools. The very week I learned of home education (this was back in '94) I pulled them out and kept them home with me!
on Aug. 5, 2011 at 1:04 PM
- BoobahInside AFP
Professional Editors Medical Editors' Contributions to AFP
FREE PREVIEW. AAFP members and paid subscribers: Log in to get free access. All others: Purchase online access.
FREE PREVIEW. Purchase online access to read the full version of this article.
Am Fam Physician. 2007 May 15;75(10):1428.
The challenge of editing articles for American Family Physician is to combine a thorough knowledge of medicine with skillful wordsmithing. To meet this challenge, medical and professional editors work collaboratively to guide articles from submission to print, while ensuring the quality, accuracy, and usefulness of the content.
The medical editors, whose expertise is primarily in clinical and academic medicine, also possess the ability to express their medical knowledge in writing. You can see more information about the medical editors in the May 1, May 15, and June 1, 2006, issues of AFP. The professional editors, whose expertise lies in communicating information, help to improve the organization, presentation, and language of clinical articles. The discipline of editing for these professional editors entails knowing medical terminology and medical style (through resources such as the American Medical Association Manual of Style), learning the names and indications of drugs, and staying current on developments in the field of medicine.
The Editing Process
An AFP manuscript passes first through the hands of a medical editor, who focuses on medical content only, not journalistic or stylistic considerations. After peer review, author revisions, and final acceptance, the articles are sent to the professional editors who perform an extensive edit to ensure the content is correct and adheres to AFP style, verify references and drug names, obtain proper permissions, and check for grammatical and content accuracy. Working with authors and medical editors, these editors shape manuscripts into the well-crafted articles that are published in AFP.
In addition, the professional editors are responsible for coordinating various regular departments in AFP, some of which they write themselves. Coordination responsibilities include scheduling, collaborating with medical editors and authors, editing, and final proofing. Departments written by the professional editors and reviewed by the medical editors include Practice Guidelines and Practice Guideline Briefs, Quantum Sufficit, Inside AFP, and Newsletter, which is written in collaboration with the AAFP Communications department.
The “Business” Aspects
As if all of this were not enough, the professional editors are responsible for much of the administrative work involved with publishing, such as tracking illustrations for articles and patient education handouts, manuscript tracking and reporting, requesting permissions for reprints of figures or tables, coordination with the Continuing Medical Education division of the Academy, accounting and budgeting issues, and, of course, other duties as assigned.
The current AFP staff includes 11 professional editors. These editors bring a total of 136 years of professional journalism experience to AFP; 97 of those years have been specifically related to medical editing. Their time with AFP varies from one to 10 years. This creates a nice balance between those with a long tenure who know the history of AFP and the newer staff members who bring a fresh perspective to the journal.
Feedback Welcome
As always, we appreciate your comments and suggestions. If you have any comments about AFP, you can mail the comment card published in the first issue of.19.00
In stockMore
£ 445.00
RRP:£ 449
In stockMore.
20 01 2015 11:23
Ahead of NAMM 2015, Pioneer has just announced a new DJ System that offers a practical and seamless All-in-One solution for the modern DJ.
13 11 2014 01:00
The CDJ template has well and truly evolved with the XDJ-1000 multi player. Playback from USB and Pioneer's rekordbox technology. Touch screen tech for browsing and hands on hardware control.
31 10 2014 03:38
It's been warmer than usual, but Pioneer is bringing some Winter Vibes for the DJ's out there: get FREEBIES when you buy DDJ-SR or DDJ-SZ controller! Check out the details...
We have worked hard to create one of the safest online shopping environments in the industry. We have been trading online since 1999 & have served thousands of customers over this time.IK+
- Platform: C64
- Wii Points: 500
- In Real Money: GBP 3.50 / EUR 5 (approx)
Back in March, the original International Karate was one of the first C64 games to grace the Virtual Console, a bold opening salvo that showed that whoever is picking the Commodore games for the service is doing a far better job than the person currently plucking SNES games at random out of a hat.
I also said, in my usual uncannily prescient manner, that "it might be best to hang on and see if the phenomenal IK+ is on the way". Lo, and indeed behold, for here it is - one of the very best fighting games ever made, a mere 21-years-old this year.
The core of the first game remains - it's a genuine karate game, using rules similar to an actual martial arts tournament rather than the usual health bar shenanigans. You take part in a number of rounds, and must land as many hits as possible to earn points. The moves are all genuine karate strikes - apart from the headbutt, I'm pretty sure Mr Miyagi would frown on that - and the game becomes a matter of timing and evasion rather than dragon punches and special moves.
What's remarkable is how wonderfully different IK+ feels simply because of a few important changes. Most notably, there are now three fighters rather than two. This three-way fight mechanic is essentially simple - there's just an extra guy on screen - but it livens up the proceedings so fundamentally that I'm amazed it didn't become a regular fixture of the genre. Progress through the game depends on scoring high in each round, and with three players scrapping for points the dynamic is automatically more interesting than a simple "you lose, you're out" system. It's sadly not possible to have all three controlled by human players, but you can have two-player matches with the CPU taking over the third fighter.
Even the mini-game is fun - as balls bounce towards you at different speeds and heights, you must swing around with a shield, blocking high, medium and low on both sides. As the pace increases, the effect is fantastically addictive - there have been plenty of NES games with less entertainment than this throwaway extra - and it's almost a shame to return to the combat.
The only criticism is a familiar one - control feels stiff and weird now that the game doesn't use a big comforting joystick. The remote's d-pad makes diagonals something of a fiddle, while using the sticks on the classic or GameCube controller takes some getting used to. It's not a massive problem this time, but it is something that dedicated retro heads will have to get past. It's also a shame that many of the game's cheeky Easter eggs - like pressing "T" on the keyboard to drop the fighter's pants - seem to have been removed. Either that or the effect is masked by the enormous keyboard covering the screen.
These are truly minor considerations, though, when you consider what a timeless piece of software this is. It's really only the surface details - the chunky pixels, Rob Hubbard's wonderful SID-chip music - that betray the game's 1987 origin. In terms of gameplay, you'd be hard pushed to find a fighting game as fluid and as innovative today.
9/10
Neo Turf Masters
- Platform: NeoGeo
- Wii Points: 900
- In Real Money: GBP 6.30 / EUR 9 (approx)
The news that this had popped up on the VC prompted EG editor Tom to send me an excited email. His glee was partly due to the fact that this was a retro game he'd actually played - Neo Turf Masters first came out in 1996, and Tom is apparently thirteen or something - but also because it was, to quote the manchild himself, "one of my favourite golf games ever".
And while Tom may not be allowed to rent 15s from Blockbuster yet, his ability to spot a good golf game is impressively developed, even if he was mistaking this arcade/console version for the 1999 NeoGeo Pocket game he played in junior school. Neo Turf Masters is a big wobbly jelly of fun, whatever your age. [Or future employment status, in your case. - Ed]"Fascinating."
"I Listened To It Twice!"
Not often do I listen to an entire audio book twice, but this is one that I will probably listen to again and again.
That said, I am a bit of a science geek.
Strongly recommended. You'll love it.
"If Bill Bryson were the reader, it would be a 5!"
If you've listened to Bill Bryson narrate his own writing, you're accustomed to his cadence and well placed pauses which allow his words to sink in and, quite frequently, induce tears of laughter. This effect is lost in the audio version of "A Short History of Nearly Everything." The narrator speaks clearly, there's no problem there, but his speed and delivery don't create the same experience as do Bill's.!
 really)
"Unbelievable!"
I actually found myself fascinated by stories of stromatolites and geological societies... and i can listen to this over and over again without being bored, which is saying a lot because i usually have the attention span of a squirrel. Bill Bryson has given a gift to the world by illuminating important but typically dry information in a fascinating story-like book. I hope he will publish many more books like this, although his travel books are also among my favorites, especially A Walk in the Woods.
"Overwhelming"
What a great book! I liked it so much I bought the hardback so that I could mark favorite my passages. I highly recommend it for anyone who has the slightest interest in the world around them.
"Dont miss this one."
One of the better books I've ever read. Alas if only I could remember even a fraction of those facts. I'd be trivia king of the world. Good mix of fact and humour. Just fascinating and very well done. It is long, so you better enjoy this sort of thing. Even I who loved it, was kinda ready for the end. And what and end, makes me wish I could catch a glimpse into a day 100 years from now.We don't have this item available for sale at the moment.
All Autos in program are #'d to 299 or less!
All Mem Cards in program are #'d to 100 or less!
Box Break:
- 1 Auto Rookie or Veteran #'d to 299 or less
- 1 Rookie NFL Die Cut Material Auto #'d to 299 or less (35 RPS Players)
- 2 Memorabilia #'d to 100 or less
- 2 Rookies #'d to 299 or less
- 2 Inserts or Parallels.Sudan Gives Army ‘Free Hand’ as Border State Clashes Spread
June 9 (Bloomberg) -- Clashes between the armies of northern and Southern Sudan widened in the north’s only oil-producing state, the United Nations said, as President Umar al-Bashir’s ruling party said it gave its troops a “free hand.”
Fighting resumed today for a fifth day in the border state of Southern Kordofan after artillery fire was used in the clashes that continued until late yesterday, UN spokesman Kouider Zerrouk said today by phone from Khartoum, Sudan’s capital.
The clashes, which started in Kadugli, the state capital, spread to the towns of Kauda and Talodi, Zerrouk said. The UN peacekeeping mission in Sudan, known as UNMIS, sent a company of Bangladeshi troops to Kadugli to help protect about 7,000 civilians sheltering near the UN compound, he said.
“We urge the parties to give access to UNMIS and the humanitarian agencies to undertake the necessary assessment and provide vital assistance,” Zerrouk said.
Fighting on the border between northern Sudan and oil-rich Southern Sudan, which is due to become independent on July 9, has raised concern about a resumption of the two-decade civil war that ended with a 2005 peace agreement.
Army Deployment
The state-run SUNA news agency reported yesterday that the Sudanese army is deploying throughout the state after it gained control of Kadugli. Troops loyal to Southern Sudan’s army in the state were rebelling against the government in Khartoum with the support of “outside forces,” SUNA cited top presidential aide Nafie Ali Nafie as saying.
Under the peace agreement, the northern and southern armies were due to jointly patrol Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile states on the northern side of the border and the disputed region of Abyei. All three areas were key battlegrounds during the civil war.
Zerrouk said “we believe there were casualties” in the latest fighting. The figures are still not known, he said.
Clashes on June 5 killed one Sudanese army soldier and injured seven others, according to Sudanese army spokesman Al-Sawarmi Khaled. The bodies of four policemen and two civilians were brought to the Kadugli police hospital after fighting on June 7, Zerrouk said.
Al-Bashir’s army said last week that southern troops in Southern Kordofan would be “legitimate targets” if they didn’t leave the area by June 1.
Border States
As many as 60,000 fighters from the northern border states of Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile, who fought for the south in the civil war, are still part of Southern Sudan’s army, according to Fouad Hikmat, the special adviser on Sudan for the Brussels-based International Crisis Group.
The clashes may have broken out when northern forces tried to disarm members of the Nuba ethnic group in Southern Kordofan who fought on the side of Southern Sudan in the civil war, Southern Sudanese army spokesman Philip Aguer said June 7..
To contact the reporter on this story: Maram Mazen in Khartoum at mmazen@bloomberg.net.
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Andrew J. Barden at barden@bloomberg.net.[163] Sclerosing Papillary Hyperplasia without Myoepithelium: A Variant of Papillary Thyroid Carcinoma?
Roberto G Gamez, Sonia Narendra, Carol Reynolds, Daniel W Visscher. Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN
Background: To this date 12 cases of the breast tumor resembling the tall cell variant of papillary thyroid carcinoma (BTRPTC) have been reported, two reports raised the possibility of malignant potential due to metastatic disease. A recent review of our experience with solid and cystic papillary carcinoma showed a wide variety of histologic features, some overlaping with BTROTC (presence of nuclear grooves, clearing and inclusions). We report the clinical characteristics and follow up of six cases with overlapping clinical and histological features between BTRPTC and solid and cystic papillary carcinoma.
Design: All of the 6 cases had been seen as part of our consultation service. The available H&E slides were reviewd. The clinical and histologic characteristics and follow up were analyzed and recorded.
Results: The mean age of diagnosis was 57 years (range 38-79), the mean follow up time was 32.5 months (range 5 – 117), 83% lacked a myoepithelial layer, 100% (2 of 2) had negative sentinel nodes and no metastatic disease has been reported in any case. Our previous review of the solid and cystic variants of papillary carcinoma showed that besides the common papillary architecture, around 30% shared at least one or more of the same histologic characteristics of the BTRPTC. The cells were columnar or cuboidal in 40% and 25% of the cases, 25% had nuclear clearing or inclusions, 7% had nuclear grooves and all lakced a myoepithelial layer. All of our 6 new cases have columnar cells, nuclear clearing or inclusions, nuclear grooves, lack myoepithelial cells and show a papillary architecture with a surrounding sclerotic stroma.Liposuction of the abdomen is by far the most popular area to have fat deposits removed. Obviously, this area is a problem for most people, which is why it continues to gain popularity. Commonly patients will try diet and exercise and have good success in weight loss, but still find it difficult to lose the fat on the abdomen and love handles. The love handles are the area on the side of your waist that makes you look more square from behind, instead of the “V” look for men and the “hour glass figure” for women.
With liposuction, you too can have a flat belly and an hour glass figure. You may have thought that the only people that look like that are the movie stars, but that’s simply not true in todays society. Liposuction has gained huge popularity as costs come down and the procedure becomes more safe. Nowadays, liposuction of the abdomen has become very affordable and you don’t have to be rich to have this procedure done. This is why it has become one of the most popular cosmetic procedures and nearly 500,000 procedures are performed per year. This number is increasing each year. So if you are unhappy with your abdomen, then it’s time to consider liposuction so you too can have the body you have always wanted.
By: Trevor Schmidt PA-C
I’m thin ,but still have a flappy stomach and but with hanging skin due to getting older. I hate it. How much am I looking at and can you help? Also I have a flat as a board butt want it fuller.
Hi Christina, that is something we could definitely help you with! We would recommend that you get liposuction in conjunction with smart lipo to treat the areas specified. The liposuction removes the bulk of fat whereas the smart lipo tightens the skin. We have our special pricing going on for $1,299 per area for liposuction and smart lipo is $650 per area when done in conjunction with the liposuction. Fat transfers to the buttocks are $2,000, for more information please visit our website at MyShapelipo.com. Thank you!
I would like to inches taken of my hips and stomich
Hi Wayne,
Liposuction would be the best option for you, as it certainly will cause you to lose inches! We are able to remove large volumes of fat from nearly any area of the body, up to 75% of any area that you can pinch, this reduction of fat will significantly reduce your size and allow you to fit better into your clothes. Right now we have our special pricing going on for $1,299. per area for liposuction. For further information please visit our website at MyShapelipo.com Thank you!
Cost of liposuction
Hi Onyinye, the cost of liposuction is $1,299. per area.
I am a retired teacher who has been trying for years to loose weight with no success. I see by your ad that you offer a plan for $1,299., this is something I can afford. I would like more information.
Hi Shirley we do have our special pricing going on for $1,299 per area for liposuction, we recommend you do our complimentary body shape analysis and send in photos of the areas you want treated, that way we can give you a full on quote. You can send your photos to photos@myshapelipo.com, please take pictures of your front, back, right and left side. Be sure to take them in a well lit room in front of a blank or white wall and include your first and last name, telephone number and email address as well as how you heard about us. You can also find out more information on our website at MyShapelipo.com
Im looking to get belly fat remove i had two c-sections and now i dont know how to loose it
Hi Kimberly, we currently are offering our promotional pricing on liposuction for $1,299.00 per area, and we would be able to treat your abdomen after having a c-section. For further information please visit our website at MyShapelipo.com Thank you!
I want to know how much cost a liposuction?
Hi Maritza, we have our special pricing going on right now for $1,299.00 per area for liposuction. Thank you!
I’m 52 years,old.lost weight. Plus lost elasticity. Double chin like a rooster.belly hanging loose skin like small apron sagging butt and boobs inner thighs saddle bags and saggy arms. What procedures would I need can it be done in one day? And what would cost be,I,would like to finance.
Hi Kim,
I would recommend that you do our free body shape analysis, please send in photos of your front, back, right and left side of the areas you want treated to our office at photos@myshapelipo.com. Include your first and last name, telephone number, email address, and how you heard about us. Once we received your photos we will get back to you within 1-3 business days with a full on quote! Thank you.
How long does the procedure take? Is there a lot of bruising? What is the typical recovery time? I’m considering lipo on my stomach area as I have had 2 C-Sections and just cannot seem to get my stomach flatter. Diet and exercise has accomplished some reshaping, but I have hit a plateau.
Hi Kelly,
Regarding the areas you described, the procedure would last about 2 hours. The downtime after having the procedure is 1-3 days, and there is some swelling and bruising but not much. We use a tumescent technique and it dramatically reduces bruising after having liposuction because there is so little blood loss and there is almost no blood that remains beneath the skin to cause bruising after the procedure. Thank you!
Hi,
I’m in the Atlanta area and wondered do you have offices down here or what is closest?
Second, I think interested in stomach, love handle and back areas?
And entire inner and outer leg area, maybe knees as well.
Can you give estimate on stomach and leg area?
Thanks
Hi Cherylene,
Currently this is our only facility, we are located in Henderson, NV which is 20 minutes away from the Las Vegas strip. A lot of our patients are from out of town and we work with a number of hotels that offer our patients corporate rates on their stay and 2 of them also offer a complimentary shuttle to and from your procedure as well as the airport. Currently we have our special pricing going on for $1,299.00 per area for lipo. I recommend that you complete the body shape analysis and send in photos of the areas you want treated to our office at photos@myshapelipo.com and we will send you back a full quote. Thank you!
does medicare cover this?
Hi Darrell,
Liposuction is a cosmetic procedure, so no medicare would not cover this. We do work with two 3rd party financing companies however, as well as an in house payment plan. Please feel free to give our office a call for further information at 702-818-5476! Thank you!The Brown Leadership Institute
Leadership Development for High School Students
2015 Program Dates:
Two-Week Sessions
June 21 - July 2, 2015*
July 5 - July 17, 2015
July 19 - July 31, 2015
*Note: Course ends Thursday, due to holiday observance July 3.
Eligibility:
For students completing grades 9-12 by June 2015
Fees: $3,987
How to Apply »
It is easy to feel overwhelmed by the enormity and complexity of the many challenges facing the world today. Problems such as environmental destruction, health crisis, wars, poverty, economic uncertainty, and social inequality demand the attention of every member of our global community. But .
We believe that informed and engaged youth can make a positive difference in the world; thus our mission is to help students develop and apply the knowledge, skills and attitudes associated with effective and socially responsible leadership.
Watch: Leadership Institute Students talk about their experience »
Explore Leadership Courses in our Catalog ».
The Brown Leadership Challenge:
Understand Social Challenges
Students develop knowledge and understanding of complex issues through case studies, discussions, group projects, field trips, simulations, and debates. Student learning is stimulated by creative curricula, engaging faculty, and peers from around the world. Last year, we had students from 28 different countries and from around the U.S. Engagement with diverse perspectives is key to nuanced understanding of global problems and complex ideas.
Join an Engaged Learning Community
Students are housed in the same residence hall and have the opportunity to develop meaningful relationships with one another both within and outside of the classroom. Additionally, undergraduate Leadership Fellows serve as both TAs in the classroom and RAs in the Residence Hall providing students with consistent and caring guidance throughout the program.
Develop Leadership Skills
Students will learn and apply the Social Change Model of Leadership Development in academic and co-curricular settings. Through engaging workshops, reflection activities, and an Outdoor Challenge Course, students develop and practice leadership skills such as public speaking, interpersonal communication, problem solving, conflict resolution, and teamwork.
Create an Action Plan and Take your Learning Home
But what happens after you leave Brown? How will you respond to the needs of your neighbors, your community and the world?All of us share a civic responsibility to both understand complex social issues and apply what we know in service to others. During your course, instructors and peers help students develop an Action Plan focused on a pressing issue that they care about. Students develop these plans while they are here in the summer, present their ideas to their peers, and then work on the project when they return home. Leadership alumni return to their communities as part of a network of socially responsible leaders. Review student plans in our digital Action Plan library which contains examples of the work our students have done in the past.
Student Profile
The Leadership Institute is designed for highly motivated and intellectually curious students who are interested in social issues. We look for young people who are excited to learn and want to make a positive difference in the world. Applications are open to qualified high school students from 9th grade through graduated seniors.Kevin Wilson Early voting for the March 6 election will continue through this week, with city hall serving as the voting place — the standard for every election. But come March 6, the city’s redistricting efforts — required every decade by law —
Polling places changing for March 6 election_0<< […]. […]
Anchors’ roles changing in United States
Freedom […]Human breath, schlieren image
C002/4865 Rights Managed
530 pixels on longest edge, unwatermarked
Request/Download high-res file
Uncompressed file size: 50.7MB
Downloadable file size: 1.9MB
Credit: DR GARY SETTLES/SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY
Caption: Human breath, schlieren image. Schlieren photography is an imaging technique that is used to show changes in the density of fluids and gases such as air, caused here by the warmth of the girl's breath. The image also shows the turbulence of the human breath.
Release details: Model release not available. Property release not required.
Keywords: biological, biology, black background, breath, breathing, child, colour, colours, convection, cut out, cut outs, cut-out, cut-outs, cutout, cutouts, density, exhale, exhaling, face, flow visualization, fluid dynamics, head, heat, heat transfer, human, imaging technique, optical, optics, people, person, physical, physics, profile, refractive index, respiration, schlieren, schlieren image, schlieren photography, silhouette, silhouetted, thermal plume
Licence fees: A licence fee will be charged for any media (low or high resolution) used in your project.The Report of the National Commission on Marihuana and Drug Abuse).
Pingback: Behind The Scenes: Rihanna – ‘Diamonds’ | HipHop-N-More()
Pingback: Miss Dimplez.com()
Pingback: Video: Rihanna – ‘Diamonds’ | HipHop-N-More()
Pingback: Video: Rihanna ‘Diamonds’ « HHRFD()
Pingback: Chris Brown – ‘Nobody’s Perfect’ | HipHop-N-More()
Pingback: Rihanna releases highlight medley from ‘Unapologetic’ | Youth Arabia | Middle East's First Youth Portal()
Pingback: Rihanna Covers GQ (Men Of The Year Issue) | HipHop-N-More()Fiber Optic Products
fiber optic splitter,fiber optic patch cord,fiber optic patch panel products.Established in 2005, in Shenzhen, China, it is founded by a team of experienced engineers, focusing on providing complete, high-performance Fiber Optic Communication Products and Distribution Solutions to the customers worldwide.With ANC you can get the right solution for a comprehensive Fiber Optic Products. The main products include Fiber optic patch cord, Fiber optic connector and adapter, Fiber Optic Splitter, Fiber Optic Attenuator, Indoor & outdoor Cable, Fiber Patch panel, Fiber test tools.ANC-- Your reliable partner on Fiber Optic field.
Mini certificate
New Products
Conatct Us
Tel:86-755-28471034
Add:5F, Block 1, Launch Technology Park, Bantian, 518129, Longgang District, Shenzhen, China
Add:5F, Block 1, Launch Technology Park, Bantian, 518129, Longgang District, Shenzhen, China
black, pink, purple, blue.
purple, turqouise, green, red, black, light peach, and white in that order. Master custom orders only fine lace or silk lingerie for me to wear. He wants nothing but the best for me. ;)
I like red and black, but I do have some cute pink stuff. I really would like to get something blue to match my eyes.
Lemon or lime. <br />
And yes, I do like to suck sour.
Black satin or lace, sometimes turquoise satin to be different or red lace....all depends on my mood and what colour lothes Im wearing. Generally if Im wearing a pink top I'll wear lingerie to match it....the one colour I rarely wear is white as I dont wear white tops/dresses much...except in summer...
I like black lace, and I've NEVER gotten any complaints.
my fave color is light peach. Its so sensual. I dont know if guys like it, but I feel my sexiest in that color :)
Red, white or black.
Red, white,purple,black in that order
Purple. All shades of purple.
Related Questions
- What's sally pearson's favourite colour? (she's an australian athlete btw) and this is part of my homework...
Brandoncake 13-15, M 2 Answers 1 Aug 8, 2012 in Hobbies
- I need a true answer here cuz I'm researching Julia Gilard but I can't find her favourite colour
TaurasiWade 22-25, F 21 Answers 10 May 16, 2012
dangerbabe 26-30, F 18 Answers 3 Jan 20, 2012
AllegorieBootlair 51-55, M 1 Feb 25, 2014 in Dating & Relationships
- What's the REAL reason some women say they get along better with men, than other women. They dont want the competition.....or is it another reason or reasons.
- AVERAGE! I meant to say average height! So... Yea. Average....
ilovenellyxoxo 16-17 18 Answers 4 Dec 31, 2012 in Health
insearchofmylove 31-35, M 8 Answers 2 Oct 20, 2012 in Dating & RelationshipsStocks took a breather after an eight day run, but the bull isn't ready to give up yet.
The S&P 500 lost 2 points Monday to end at the psychologically important 1500 level, in its first decline in eight days. The Dow lost 14, to 13,881, its first drop in six days. The Nasdaq, meanwhile, closed higher, up 4 at 3154, as Apple gained more than 2 percent after last week's steep decline.
The 10-year Treasury yield pressed up through 2 percent Monday, for the first time since April, amid improving U.S. economic reports and the stock market's gains. But it backed down to the 1.96 percent level later in the session, and some strategists do not expect rates to keep rising much more even if the 10-year yield continues to flirt with the 2 percent level for now.
MacNeil Curry, Bank of America Merrill Lynch technical analyst, said the bond market's run up in yields could be soon coming to an end. He said the 10-year yield still has a ways to before it hits his upper target of 2.04 to 2.09 percent, but the five-year Treasury yield is close to his medium term target of 0.89 to 0.92 is close. The five year was yielding 0.86 percent late Monday, ahead of the Treasury's $35 billion auction of five-year notes Tuesday at 1 p.m. ET.EDWARD F. MARONEY PHOTO
THIS WAY TO THE MICROPHONE – That seems to be the advice Gov. Deval Patrick, right, is offering to rivals Charlie Baker, left, and Tim Cahill at this week’s gubernatorial debate in Boston. Dr. Jill Stein cut her arrival a little close and missed being in this pre-debate photo.
Three foes attack governor from variety of perspectives
Boston – A gubernatorial debate about Cape Wind wound up being less about the project and more about the state’s energy options.
With federal approval secured for the proposed 130-turbine installation in Nantucket Sound, not even the two candidates who oppose the project, Republican Charlie Baker and independent Tim Cahill, volunteered any steps they might take to derail it. Green-Rainbow Party standard-bearer Dr. Jill Stein said she wanted a better deal on the company’s power purchase contract, and Gov. Deval Patrick touted Cape Wind as a plus for the environment, energy production, and the economy.
The Aug. 16 sponsored by Suffolk University and MassINC, publisher of CommonWealth magazine, ranged far afield from the announced topic, including a pop quiz about the vehicles each candidate drives (Cahill steers a 2002 Jeep Laredo, Baker a Chrysler 300, Patrick a Toyota SUV hybrid, and Stein a Toyota Prius hybrid).
Baker called for more transparency about green initiatives such as Cape Wind, which he said will reap hundreds of millions of dollars in government subsidies. Adding that he was “all for diversification” of fuel sources, the former state secretary of administration and finance said that the project “is not a diversification strategy. It’s a big bet strategy.”
Cape Wind’s cost to the ratepayer and taxpayer “will be enormous,” said Cahill, the state’s treasurer. “It’s the wrong project in the wrong place at the wrong time.” He called the process an example of what happens when government picks “winners and losers,” a process he said is better left to the marketplace.
Acknowledging that “there are thoughtful people on both sides,” Patrick said that a project providing “emissions-free generation of power” was on balance a good thing. He defended the higher proposed purchase price of Cape Wind power by noting that the long-term contract offered stability, and said the project would create 600 to 1,000 jobs.
Saying that conservation and energy efficiency efforts are the best way to reduce energy costs, Stein blasted the “incredibly expensive contract” between Cape Wind and National Grid that was “crafted behind closed doors.” She criticized Patrick for accepting campaign contributions from utilities.
Baker struck again on the costs of the project, comparing the proposed Cape Wind contract price of 18.7 cents per kilowatt hour – plus an annual boost of 3. 5 percent – with what he said was the 10-year record of electricity rates not rising above 11 cents. He urged pursuit of alternative sources such as Canada’s Hydro-Quebec, noting that Vermont has just signed a power contract with that entity at 6 cents a kilowatt hour.
Patrick said Massachusetts “is getting three times the energy from Hydro-Quebec that we will get when Cape Wind is at its height,” adding that he’s working with the company on a new service line to the commonwealth through New Hampshire.
Cahill said that nuclear power is a viable alternative, and criticized Patrick for what he said was foot-dragging on renewing the permit for the Pilgrim plant in Plymouth. The governor denied the charge, noting that he’s pursing investigations of contaminants in test wells around the plant. He said his major concern about nuclear power is disposal of materials.
Patrick got the biggest laugh of the day when he observed that “only in Massachusetts can we say that a project that takes this long is hasty,”
CONTACT US | The Barnstable Patriot | 4 Ocean Street | P.O. Box 1208 | Hyannis, MA 02601 | 508-771-1427 | Copyright © 2015 Local Media Group, All Rights Reserved.Product Details
Mintage of only 2,500 coins!.
The reverse features the coat of arms of Palau and the face value of $5. Each Silver coin includes a certificate of authenticity from the Republic of Palau.Chinese Christmas ornaments are the focus today. Whether you’re doing a Chinese-themed tree or Chinese Christmas decorations this year or you’re looking for a unique gift for an adoptive parent or someone who’s planning a trip to China, I’ve rounded up some great Chinese Christmas ornaments to choose from. There’s even a Chinese fairy godmother to make all your Christmas wishes come true. And most of these ornaments can do double duty – use them as Christmas decorations and at Chinese New Year, too.
At left: This Chinese friends glass ornament makes a great decoration for Christmas as well as Chinese New Year.
At right: China suitcase glass ornament (front and back views), a perfect gift for travelers.
At left: This set of two National Geographic Chinese lantern glass ornaments can be displayed year round.
At right: Red Chinese dragon glass ornament. Use it on your Christmas tree now and later for Chinese New Year.
At left: Set of two glass foo dogs ornaments.
At right: Kurt Adler gold fabric Chinese lantern ornament. Another decoration that could be displayed all year.
At left: Great Wall of China glass Christmas ornament.
At right: Lotus and doves bird-shaped glass ornament.
At left: Chinese children at play glass Christmas ornament.
At right: Red and gold Chinese fan glass ornament decorated with a dragon. Also perfect for Chinese New Year.
At left: Red Chinese shirt glass ornament.
At right: Chinese child with fish glass Christmas ornament.
At left: Chinese calligraphy good fortune glass ornament.
At right: Chinese calligraphy prosperity glass ornament.
At left: Jacqueline Kent Chinese fairy godmother ornament, 12.6” tall.
I’ll be featuring lots more Chinese Christmas ornaments and Chinese Christmas decorations in future posts, so stay tuned!
In the meantime, coming tomorrow - on day three of my Asian-inspired Christmas ornament series - Japanese Christmas ornaments and decorations. I’ve even found some paper lanterns that are suitable as Christmas tree lights. See you:Web Linker Pro 1.0.0.0
Here's How To Easily Create Stunning Effects On Your Web Pages To Turn More "Visitors" Into "Customers"
weblinkerpro.html file was thoroughly tested by our system on Oct 31, 2011 by the three antivirus programs and passed. Is absolutely clean, enjoy!
This archive is 100% safe to download and install.
Have a look at the full Web Linker Pro 1.0.0.0 antivirus scan reports.
Download alternate to Web Linker Pro solution
Look at the free or trial alternatives and similar apps to Web Linker Pro software by the tags. It's possible also to find substitutes for the most popular titles in the Website Building category.
| Webpage Link | Webpage Effects | Web Link | Link Effects | Html Link |
History updates (Complete changelogs since the listing on this site)
1.0.0.0 [08-05-10]
Predicted future versions and notices:
The doDownload.com constantly monitors the update of all programs, including information from the Web Linker Pro Web Linker Pro description has been compared with the overall software database and our algorithm has found the following applications (are showed below).
(0.59MB, Extension: HTML)
Average review rating :
Useful independent reviews and opinions of the usersThe 49ers signed 25-year old cornerback and return specialist Perrish Cox this morning to a two-year contract.
This could signal the end for Carlos Rogers and Ted Ginn Jr. in red and gold.
Cox will most likely compete with Tramaine Brock for the third CB job, while Chris Culliver and Tarell Brown will start.
On special teams, Cox could take Ginn’s job as the primary returner. He returned punts and kicks in college, averaging 11.6 yards per punt return and 24 yards per kick return.
Cox (6-0, 198 lbs.) was initially considered a first-round talent when he declared for the draft in 2010, but he ran a slow 40 yard dash and he got arrested for driving on a suspended license, so he dropped to the fifth round before getting drafted by the Broncos, where he played under current Niners’ defensive backs coach, Ed Donatell.
On December 9, 2010, Cox was charged with felonious sexual assault, but he was acquitted on March 2nd, 2012.
Cox will need to show he’s faster than he was a couple years ago at the NFL Combine if he wants to beat Brock for the No. 3 CB, but he should have the inside track to win the return specialist job.
This move leaves the Niners significant cap space to sign a wide receiver like Joshua Morgan, Laurent Robinson or Pierre Garçon. Trent Baalke is being shrewd. He doesn’t need to overspend on Rogers or any CB while the team has one of the best pass rushes in the NFL. The team needs better receivers, period. Spend on the pressing need. And that’s what he appears to be doing.
Final note: The Niners first two free agent signings are players who did not play last year and who have troubled histories, so Harbaugh is banking big-time on the strength of the locker room and his leadership ability.TAG | Domain Name Registration
23
Under Fire, ICANN President Promises Major Changes
Comments off · Posted by Sean in Best Domain Extension, Best Domain Name, Domain Name, Domain Name Squatting, domain name theft, Domain Names Registration, Expired Domain Name, Multiple Domain Extensions, Old Domain Name
ICANN president and CEO Rod Beckstrom warned the public that the group can expect excitement, opportunity, uncertainty and threats in the days to come. ICANN is one of the key players in the function and accessibility of today’s global internet. They have been charged with the task of coordinating and segregating domain names throughout the world and managing the complex, demanding task of enabling IP addresses to recognize each other across cyberspace.
The coordination of individual IP addresses to specific domain names used to be a task of the US government. Since the government has allowed these operations to go private, a few kinks still have to be ironed out. While ICANN is unable to alter any content on the internet, their intimate control of the global web and much of its inner-workings has sparked some controversy. Beckstrom is aware of the ethical dilemmas and is optimistic about implementing major changes to circumvent them.
ICANN has been criticized for being a group that controls the Domain Name System while many of its key players and leadership positions are occupied by execs from the Domain Name industry. This creates a clear conflict of interest. ICANN is a not-for-profit group who is not supposed to represent or promote the financial interests of any parties. Chief criticisms have stemmed from the idea that power players on the ICANN team can exploit the group’s manipulation of the internet to serve their own corporate needs.
Other criticisms have come from the intimate access these supposedly neutral parties’ possess. This kind of power can invade privacy and lead to motives that are fraudulent . Risk for this type of abuse is wide open to corporate executives who act in a biased, self-serving way. Personal information and data can be used to illegally bolster profits. Any person or group who wishes to register their business as a top level domain name can become an accredited registrar by making an agreement with ICANN. Critics see this is as a clash of interested when the heads of top level domain names are themselves high ranking members at ICANN.
Beckstrom held a speech in Costa Rico where he declared that it is time to “tighten up the rules that have allowed perceived conflicts to exist within our board.” Beckstrom is adamant that the necessary changes needed to make ICANN a neutral public service can be achieved. If Beckstrom fulfills his stated intentions, he will “ensure that absolute dedication to the public good supersedes all other priorities.”
Domain · Domain Name Registration · ICANN · Risk · Security
9
Combining Web Hosting and Domain Name Registration
Comments off · Posted by Domain Express in Domain Name, Domain Names Registration, web hosting
The world of web hosting and domain name registration may seem large and overwhelming if you haven’t put together too many websites. Or it may just seem like more hassle than you have time for when your focus is on the day-to-day operations and success of your company itself.
This is understandable! Something that can save you time is choosing a UK hosting company that also offers domain names services in addition to the hosting itself. This is advantageous for two main reasons:
Firstly, it may very well save you money by buying both services together. It’s just like your internet provider or phone company: you will generally pay less for each individual service if you buy them together. As an added bonus, some web hosting companies even offer free domain names when you choose to host your site with them, which saves you even more money.
Secondly, it makes it easier for you. If you buy domain names from one company and host with another, you have to be in charge of transitioning domain name access from one company to the other. But if you buy a domain name through your UK hosting company, they’ll do it all for you. Less hassle, less time.
Domain Name Registration · web hosting
5
Three Tips for Effective Social Media Marketing
Comments off · Posted by Sam Ford in Domain Names Registration, Online Marketing, social media marketing
As everyone knows, marketing can be wildly successful or incredibly ineffective. Having a plan and knowing the right way to go about something can make all the difference in the world. After you’ve mastered the practical elements of creating an online presence (domain name registration, finding good web hosting, etc.) it’s time to start interacting with your online community.
Here are three tips for effective social media marketing:
- Emphasize “social”. This isn’t a place for advertising. People want to be talked to and listened to. They’re not going to “fan” or “follow” you so that you can pitch ads to them all the time. Make sure you communicate accordingly.
- Double-task when possible. Social media is a good way to build natural SEO since you’re putting up regular postings anyway. Don’t jam with keywords, but incorporate keywords and links on occasion, where appropriate. It can’t hurt.
- Stay consistent. Remember, just because it’s “social” marketing, this doesn’t mean you can be un-professional. If your marketing angle is that you’re a community-oriented family business, don’t post a political joke on Facebook. If your marketing angle is that you’re helpful and sincere, stay helpful and sincere and don’t post complaints about anything on Twitter. The internet isn’t anonymous when you represent a business, so don’t do yourself more harm than good.
Domain Name Registration · keywords · marketing · natural SEO · SEO · social marketing · Social media
2
Holding On to Your Dream Domain
When you choose a domain name, it’s safe to assume that you plan to keep your website at that domain for the foreseeable future. In some cases, short term domain names may make sense, such as a website created for a one-time event or promotion. But for the most part, when you go through the domain name process, you’re hoping to keep, and to grow, that website for a good amount of time.
So the last thing you want is to lose that domain name because of an error. This can happen if you buy domain name registration for an amount of time but don’t renew when that time is up. There are a few ways to prevent losing a domain name:
- Register for several years up front. It tends to be cheaper per year this way, and your renewal comes up less often, so there are less chances to forget to renew.
- Sign up for automatic renewal. Some companies will offer this and will automatically charge your credit card when renewal comes up.
- Get a web hosting provider who will worry about it for you. If you do domain name registration through your web host, it may be cheaper, and they can handle registration renewal on your behalf.
buy domain name · Choose a domain name · Domain Name · Domain Name Registration · Domain Names
1
How To Achieve Great Online Marketing
Comments off · Posted by Sam Ford in Domain Name, Domain Names Registration, Online Marketing, Starting a Website
Marking for an online business is not exactly the same as traditional marketing for a business in your community. But while the mediums are different, many of the same principles apply. In fact, the internet provides an opportunity to have an even closer marketing relationship with actual individuals than print marketing allows. Used together, they can be particularly effective.
Principals of good marketing:
- Present a cohesive message. You want your company’s image to be clear and easy to understand. Remember, you’re not just selling a product or service; you’re selling your company.
- Keep it fresh. This means billboards that aren’t out-of-date, and social media marketing that keeps up with the times. Stay present and active to show you have a business that is active as well.
For online marketing, everything you do is a part of your branding endeavor, even the very first step: choosing to buy a domain name. Yes, even the domain name registration matters, as your domain name will tell both site visitors and search engines what kind of website you’re running. Keep this attention to detail up within every choice you make, and you’ll be well on your way to successful online marketing of your website in no time.
Domain Name · Domain Name Registration · online business · search engines · social media marketing
25
The Environmental and Budgetary Benefits of E-Publishing
Comments off · Posted by Sam Ford in Domain Name, Domain Names Registration, E Publishing Benefits
If you have written content to share, e-publishing can be a budget-friendly and environmentally-friendly way of sharing that content with the world. There are several ways to go about publishing content digitally. You can set up your own website to distribute the content yourself (by enlisting UK web hosting and domain name registration services, which are readily available). Or you can use a distribution service for e-readers and other digital content to distribute the work for you (you will be charged fees and/or commission).
The benefits of e-publishing are many:
- Environmental benefit. Publishing content digitally saves resources on several fronts. Most obviously, digital publishing does not require the use of paper and cardboard for the pages, cover, and binding. It also saves fuel costs that are required for shopping traditional print-copy books and magazines.
- Budgetary benefit. Because the internet is a pretty affordable place to set up shop, it doesn’t cost much to create a website for your e-book. In fact, many people will find web hosting that includes free domain name registration. And marketing through social media such as Twitter and Facebook is an affordable way to generate buzz without spending any money.
- Global audience. Because you’re not relying on access to bookstores and magazine stands, e-publishing allows you to reach out to anyone with an internet connection. Your conversion rate doesn’t even need to be that high to make a profit, thanks to digital marketing and e-publishing.
Domain Name · Domain Name Registration · e-publishing · Facebook · Twitter · UK web hosting
18
Domain Name vs. IP Address: What’s the Connection?
Comments off · Posted by Sam Ford in Domain Name, Domain Name vs IP Address
Are you confused about the relationship between (and difference between) domain names and IP addresses? You’re not alone. If you’re familiar with the internet at all, which you likely are since you are reading this blog, you’ve no doubt worked with domain names before. It’s the address at the top of this page, in the URL bar. Between after the prefix (.) of any website, you’ll find the domain name associated with that website, which we’ve acquired for our blog through domain name registration.
In practical application, a domain name is the “address” you use to find the website you’re looking for, but in reality, it has a much more static address, known as the IP address. What does this mean? Well, IP address is a unique combination of numbers that are assigned to every individual entity that’s at all connected to the internet. Your computer has one, and the server on which a website is stored has one, and even mobile phones that connect to the web are assigned one. They’re a way to differentiate who does what online, as well as where everything is located.
How Do Domain Name and IP Address Relate?
Well, it wouldn’t really do to type in a long string of numbers when you want to visit your favorite blogs, read the news, or find out about the weekend weather forecast, so domain names are used as more user-friendly locators of IP addresses where websites are stored.
So, for example, say you have a website. You therefore will find out the IP address for the server where you’re storing your files (or rather, your UK web hosting provider is storing the files). It might be formatted something like this: xxx.xx.xxx.xxx.
No one wants to type that into a URL bar, so you do a domain name search to find the perfect domain name for your site, and get your UK web hosting company to set it up so that when people type in your domain name, they’ll be taken to your site.
The great thing about domain names is that you can have more than one domain name directed at the same IP address. And if you change web hosts, you can build a new site at a new IP address (or move your existing site files to a new IP address), and have the domain name direct to the new address. Your website visitors don’t have to know that you changed servers: to them, they type in your catchy, user-friendly domain name and are directed to your UK website, the same as always.
Domain Name Registration · Domain Names · IP address · UK web hosting · UK website
17
Why Are Old Domain Names Better Than New?
Comments off · Posted by Sam Ford in Domain Name, Domain Names Registration, Old Domain Name
When you set out to establish a brand new UK website for yourself, one of the first steps you’ll need to pursue is acquiring a domain name. After all, what’s the point of building a website if you don’t know what domain name it will be associated with? You want the two to correspond, so selecting a domain first is always a good idea.
When you start pursuing domain name search, you’ll have a variety of different factors to choose from. Both .com and .co.uk names will be available to you (as well as many others, including .org, .net, .mobi, .biz, and the list goes on and on). You’ll be able to choose from all sorts of different names and titles that are yet unclaimed.
But one choice you may not even be aware of when you’re doing standard domain name search is actually a choice that has a great impact on how search engine-friendly your website ends up being: the age of your domain name.
You might think that domain names don’t really ‘age’—after all, this isn’t a fine wine or cheese. It’s a combination of letters that people use to locate your website. But in reality, domain names don’t really exist until someone registers them for the first time. You could come up with a very unique name that has never been registered before, so when you register it, it then is created.
Or, you could look into buying the rights to domain name registration for an existing domain name. This means that someone already brought it into being, possibly months or (even better) years ago.
What’s The Advantage of Registering Old Domain Names?
Domain name age brings with it one key advantage: search engine weight. Search engines, and Google in particular, calculate many different factors when evaluating the strength and relevance of various UK websites and deciding which are most appropriate to provide to searchers.
Factors for search engine relevance include the content on the site, links directed to the site from external locations, the relevance of the domain name, and the age and reputation of the website itself.
When purchasing domain names, ask your web hosting UK provider to help you find some older domain names to consider. Your webmaster may even own some domain names that will be useful to you, or may have contacts with other webmasters with old domain names they are willing to sell.
Domain Name · Domain Name Registration · Old Domain Names · UK website · web hosting UK
14
Is Your Ideal Domain Name Actually Less Than Ideal?
Comments off · Posted by Sam Ford in Best Domain Name, Domain Name, Domain Names Registration
Choosing a domain name is one of the trickiest parts to starting your online web presence. So many different factors go into make a domain name truly helpful, beneficial, and appropriate for your business—it can be hard to know where to start.
If you’ve been doing some research, you’ve no doubt come across some very helpful pointers in helping you narrow down the field of potential domain names into a few that are truly good choices for your business. Here’s a review of the basics:
- Choose a domain name that fits with your business. This may seem obvious, but you’d be surprised how many business owners get distracted by a catchy domain, clever pun, or cool-sounding word in a domain that’s available. Just because it sounds good doesn’t mean it fits with your business; if the domain is vague or unclear, or if it suggests that you have a different kind of business than you actually do, it’s worth your time to move on.
- Choose a domain name that helps you get found. If you are appealing to a global audience, make sure your main keyword is in the domain address. If you’re appealing to a local audience, make sure your primary geographic term is in the domain address. This helps search engines deliver your site to potential customers who are looking for businesses just like yours.
- Choose a domain name that’s not to long. This is simple. The shorter your domain, the more memorable your website will be, and the more trustworthy you will appear.
However, these tips aren’t the only ones that will help you buy a domain name that is truly appropriate to your business. There are two elements that people do not often think about that can cause problems down the line. If you’ve decided upon a name that seems ideal based on the criteria above, put it through the following tests before going through with the domain name registration:
- Is it accidentally inappropriate? Individual words have spaces written in between them when used in a sentence, but domain names don’t have spaces. Write your ideal name out, in all lowercase letters, and see if you’ve inadvertently created any inappropriate words in the middle. Both potential visitors and search engines may avoid your site, so make sure it’s age-appropriate when spelled out as one word.
- Is it timeless? If you intend for your website to be successful long-term, choose a domain name that is also long-term. Avoid using years or other time-specific words in your address, and avoid trends that will likely go out of style, opting for broader terms that describe all of what you do, not just one product that may be popular right now.
Buy a Domain Name · Choose a domain name · domain address · Domain Name · Domain Name Registration · online web presence · search engines
11
How To Keep Your Business Website Profitable and Thriving
Comments off · Posted by Sam Ford in Business Websites, Domain Name
Owning a small business website can seem like a big jump to business owners who have operated successful brick-and-mortar style companies for years. It can also be a bit daunting for someone who has a good idea and wants to begin a web business, but doesn’t know where to start.
The bottom line is that, if pursued correctly, a business website can be quite profitable, whether your business operates online, offline, or both. However, knowing how to go about it is important to make the investments you make in your site truly worth it.
Here are some steps for how to ensure that your business website is bringing you the most profit possible:
- Set goals. One of the biggest mistakes that business owners make with their websites is not knowing exactly why they’re creating them. You may think “I need a website, because everyone is supposed to have a website.” But if that’s you’re main reason, you don’t have the whole picture in front of you. Browse through websites that companies similar to yours have created. What sorts of features do they offer? What kinds of information do they provide? Are these effective? What would you do differently? Then determine what your main goals are for your website: is its purpose to inform, to gain new customers at your physical store, or to gain online customers? Also set goals for your website’s growth and features that you’d like to see both immediately and long term.
- Do your homework. Before you jump in and buy domain name registration and business web hosting from the first company you see, look around to understand what you’re looking for and what you need from a website. Do you need ecommerce capability? The ability to increase your disk space as your website grows? Dedicated customer service and technical support? Help designing the website? Know what you’re looking for so you spend your money well from the start.
- Stay invested—literally. A successful business website is, in a way, a living thing. You don’t just create it and let it be. Spending a bit of time and a bit of money each month to keep your website fresh and growing will certainly pay off. This may mean updating your blog once or twice a month. It may mean developing more user-friendly features as you go. It may also mean investing in search engine optimization so that people can find the website you put so much effort into. As with any investment, these efforts really do pay off by making your site more accessible and more likely to drive conversions.
With these three major tips, you are ready to get started. Research and find a good domain name registration company, secure affordable business web hosting, and then begin. A good business website is helpful to your customers, and helping your customers helps your company by creating loyalty and gaining exposure to your target market.
affordable business web hosting · business website · customer service · Domain Name Registration · technical supportLearn your business on a new pedestal.
2. Media is search engine friendly. This can make your company easily available in search engine results. Social media can also help in obtaining clients effortlessly. Social media websites also add an element of personal touch to your business.
3. Videos mean something different and attractive for the viewers. It is the best way to get more clients for your real estate business without investing a lot of time and money. Highly successful real estate professionals take the help of videos to reach out to potential clients.
4. Professionally done videos are backbone of success. Networking and getting connected plays a pivotal role in promoting your real estate business.The cut-throat competition in the real estate business demands a strong online presence. Well-executed videos are powerful tool for marketing effortlessly.
5. To get good clients in these present times , it is crucial to think of out-of- the-box techniques. Writing good posts and posting them on your real estate blog or website is not going to give you increased sales. In this highly tech savvy world , for you to become a successful real estate agent you need to make good online videos . This will help you to stay at par with your competitors.
If you wish to learn how YOU can make use of Video Marketing for your Real Estate business then don’t waste a second and sign up for a FREE video marketing course that we have prepared for Real Estate Agents like you! It’s a 5 part Course that will provide step-by-step instructions on how to utilize Video to design a personalized and professional video marketing campaign.Bug Bitten on 08/31/2011
Late August 5 guests received bed bugs bites and several bugs were clearly identified. Informed rental office and was assured cabin would be cleaned.
53 bedbug reports near this address:
Site content © 2006-2014 Maciej Ceglowski
<support@bedbugregistry.com>. Posts are solely the responsibility of their respective authors.May 14, 2012
Colorado Law will honor Associate Professor and Associate Dean Helen Norton with the 2012 Clifford Calhoun Service Award in recognition of her dedication to public service and to the Colorado Law community.
“Helen Norton has lived a life of service and is a natural for the Calhoun Award,” said Phil Weiser, dean of the law school. “After working with Helen as an Associate Dean over the last year, I am very impressed with her commitment to helping our students, supporting the faculty and staff here at Colorado Law, and serving the public. She is a wonderful asset to the law school and our community.”
Norton’s scholarly pursuits include constitutional law, civil rights, and employment discrimination. She is the Associate Dean for Academic Affairs, a member of the Law School’s public service committee, and involved in numerous campus committees. Before joining the Colorado Law faculty, Norton taught at the University of Maryland and University of Wyoming, served as the Deputy Assistant Attorney General at the United States Department of Justice’s Civil Rights Division, and was Director of the National Partnership for Women and Families.
Since joining Colorado Law, Norton has demonstrated her commitment to public service in several ways, leading President Obama’s transition team charged with reviewing the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, regularly testifying before and consulting with Congress and federal agencies on civil rights law and policy issues, and serving as a volunteer firefighter.
Norton’s contributions to the Colorado Law community, along with a number of other awardees, will be recognized with faculty and staff on Tuesday, May 15. Calhoun, the inspiration for this award, served Colorado Law for 29 years as a faculty member, associate dean, and acting dean. The award is presented to a faculty or staff member who epitomizes the giving spirit of Calhoun.
An anonymous donor established the Clifford Calhoun Service Award in 1998 and designated it for “persons who contribute to the public service of the law school in the spirit and tradition of the contributions Professor Calhoun made in his career at the law school.”Frequently Asked Questions:
Hendricks County Probation Department
Department Mailing Address:
101 W. Marion Street Adult Probation
Danville, IN 46122
Phone Number:
(317)745-9264 - Adult Probation
(317)745-9319 - Adult Probation (Fax)
(317)745-9263 - Home Detention
(317)745-9832 - Juvenile Probation
(317)745-9605 - Juvenile Probation (Fax)
Office Hours: Monday - Thursday, 8:00a.m. - 6:00p.m. - Friday, 8:00a.m. - 5:00p.m.
Directory:
R. Todd McCormack, Director - tmccormack@co.hendricks.in.us
Betsy Schuler, Drug Court Coordinator - bschuler@co.hendricks.in.us
Carrie McCormack, Release Coordinator - cmccormack@co.hendricks.in.us
Bridget Lenahan, Presentence Writer - blenahan@co.hendricks.in.us
Megan Caruso, Probation Officer - mcaruso@co.hendricks.in.us
Justin Culp, Probation Officer - jculp@co.hendricks.in.us
Cheryl Koch, Probation Officer - ckoch@co.hendricks.in.us
Andrew Lillpop, Probation Officer - alillpop@co.hendricks.in.us
Kevin McCleese, Probation Officer - kmccleese@co.hendricks.in.us
Tim Miller, Probation Officer - tmiller@co.hendricks.in.us
Ben Neureiter, Probation Officer - bneureiter@co.hendricks.in.us
Courtney Sacchini, Probation Officer - csacchini@co.hendricks.in.us
Melody Sears, Probation Officer/Interstate Compact - msears@co.hendricks.in.us
Jessie Tucker, Probation Officer - jltucker@co.hendricks.in.us
Lindsey Calloway, Support Staff - lcalloway@co.hendricks.in.us
Sandra Clampitt, Support Staff - sclampitt@co.hendricks.in.us
Documents:
Community Service Work Agencies
Community Service Work Record
Community Service Work Verification Form
Employers Who Hire Felons
Intake Packet
Orientation Pamphlet
Orientation Pamphlet - Spanish Version
Payment of Fees Information
Hendricks County Theft Class (Probation)
Substance Abuse Treatment Providers
The Hendricks County
Probation Department provides the following services:
The Hendricks County Probation Department offers traditional probation services, plus electronically monitored home detention, and Court based alcohol and drug services.
Our Home Detention division has a capability of monitoring eighty offenders on home detention. All offenders placed on home detention are monitored with active radio frequency technology and breath testing equipment. The equipment uses phone lines and a central computer station to transmit information. We have two full-time home detention officers and one part-time officer that provide for immediate responses to all violations. All offenders must be screened using a risk assessment tool prior to sentencing and being placed on home detention. The goal of home detention is to provide an alternative to incarceration while protecting the public.
Court based alcohol and drug services are provided by all probation officers. Each probation officer has attained and maintains a “professional status” per the requirement of the Indiana Judicial Center. We provide assessment services, urine screening, substance abuse education, and referral services. Assessments utilize a standardized and validated computer program called the NEEDS. This tool provides an alcohol assessment, risk, needs, and other test-taking attitude. The goal of the service is to provide the information, tools and skills to reduce and/or eliminate substance abuse.Print this page
Product Reviews
BARCELONA RUG
Get Inspired by the Simplicity and Elegance of a Wool Rug The Barcelona Area Rug flaunts a refined pattern using glistening viscose against the subtle background of soft wool. The result is a versatile rug with a discerning look to complete any room. Crafted of hand-knotted wool. Inspired by beautiful silk textiles.
Customer Reviews for
BARCELONA RUG
This product has not yet been reviewed.
to continue to the product details page.Hello everyone and welcome to the 57th edition of Weekend Inspiration!
Every week we gather 25 inspiring photos to put a kick start to your weekend! These photos are gathered from websites such as Flickr, 500PX, Behance, and photographer’s personal websites.
These inspiring photos are captured by both amateur and professional photographers, and don’t forget that there’s always an image (or a few) in here from the Phamily.
So what are you waiting for? Check out these 25 great photos and get inspired!
If you have any suggestions of work to feature in future editions of Weekend Inspiration, or if you would like to submit your own work to possibly be featured please e-mail Angela at angela@phlearn.com!
2 Comments
Oh, thanks
ill be here one day too -_-GoemonSan/Human/Bastok/Asura/
Looking for social linkshell full of new players to level with and do missions/quests. I am planning to start out by leveling warrior all the way up to the lvl required for advanced job, either Sam or DRK.
I will worry about subjob after.
I will probably not quest or do missions until i have gotten started as Sam or DRK, then i'll switch goals.Did Rita Ora Kiss Cara Delevingne
We.
We know Cara Delevingne has a really close relationship with many of her friends, and it seems Ri... Show more
Most Popular
Views: 47,368
Views: 6,478
Views: 14,925
Views: 5,982
Views: 5,940
Views: 7,898
Views: 24,305
Views: 13,234
Recommended for you
Views: 270
Videos Being Watched Now
Views: 391,719
Views: 11,092
Views: 11,007
Views: 9,892
Views: 1,363Ripley's Believe It Or Not Theater
+1 417 337 5300
Neighborhood: The Strip
Overview.
- Type: Theater
- Accept Credit Card: visa, mastercard, amex
Presley's Theatre
0.4 mi
See All Branson Nightlife »
Write a ReviewSign inSurvey: Healthcare Finance, Reform
Top Issues Confronting Hospitals in 2014
View the 2014 Top Issues press release.
Financial challenges again ranked No. 1 on the list of hospital CEOs' top concerns in 2014, according to the American College of Healthcare Executives' annual survey of top issues confronting hospitals. Healthcare reform implementation and governmental mandates ranked next in a tie for second, closely followed by patient safety and quality.
.”
In the survey, ACHE asked respondents to rank 10 issues affecting their hospitals in order of importance and to identify specific areas of concern within each of those issues. Following are some key results from the survey, which was sent to 1,118 community hospital CEOs who are ACHE members, of whom 338, or 30.2 percent, responded. The issues in the following table are listed by the average rank given to each issue, with the lowest numbers indicating the highest concerns.
Within each of these 10 issues, respondents identified specific concerns facing their hospitals. Following are those concerns in order of mention for the top three issues identified in the survey. (Respondents could check as many as desired.)We Are LOCALLY OWNED and OPERATED!
Here's What Our Customers Are Saying About Selma's:
"Pulled Pork is Slammin'"
-JT, Moon Township, PA
"Texas Born, Texan for Life! Feels Like I'm Home"
-Jaime, Washington, PA
"Food is great every visit"
-Joe, Beaver, PA
"Good bbq is worth the money. Would have spent more"
-Mike, Pittsburgh, PA
"Brisket was Fantastic"
-Brant, Crescent, PA
"Staff is awesome - Tanner Suggested better special, well worth it! Everything is convenient and clean.
Great to relax and eat. A lot of food and quality sauces - well worth the price"
-Joe, Moon Twp, PA
"Very hot & tender - very good, good hushpuppies"
-Richard, Crafton, PA
"Awesome chicken! Love, love the hushpuppies"
-Sam, Washington, PA
"Food quality is #1...People have great attitudes...Very clean...I will be back several times"
-Tarae, Ambridge, PA
"CATFISH IS EXCELLENT, Haven't had good catfish like yours since I lived/worked
in Pensacola, Florida - Turkey is Excellent, my 2nd favorite!!"
-Aaron, McMurray, PA
"Shared with my 8 year-old son, his 1st BBQ - loved it"
-Mark, Moon Township, PA
"Great ribs, BBQ Baked Beans"
-Scott, Charlotte, NC
"The food is always great, generous portions"
-Monica, Moon Township, PA
"Food is perfect in every way...Your staff makes me smile...Love the cow theme...excellent prices"
-Adam, Moon Township, PA
"Pleasant experience - Excellent Food, Great Sauces, fresh crispy catfish...
Comfy and bright...Good value - I can always enjoy more catfish...We'll be back!"
-Lisa, Coraopolis, PA
Join Selma's Family as an Honorary Cousin! We'll send you news and offers from time to time. Sign up below:
For Email Marketing you can trust
We handle all types of events:
Birthday Parties •
Anniversary Parties •
Wedding Receptions •
Graduation Parties •
Office Functions
Holiday Catering • Boxed Lunches • Tailgate Parties • Family Reunions • Memorials • Awards Banquets
Neighborhood Picnics • Random Get-Togethers • Tent Revivals • Bachelor / Bachelorette Parties
Communions & Confirmations • Hawaiian Shirt Days • Toga Parties • Employee or Team Member Appreciation Days
Contact Us for Our Full Catering Options for Small, Medium or Large Groups at 412-329-7003
Menus and Prices Subject to Change without Notice
Bulk Pack/Group Pack Promotions Do Not Apply to Catering PricesGraham Leggett wrote:
> Niklas Edmundsson wrote:
>
>>.
>
> Thinking about this some more I do see a race during purging - a cache
> thread could read the header, the purge deletes header and body, and
> then the cache thread reads the body, and interprets the missing body
> as "the body is still coming".
>
> One possible (and reasonably simple) solution would be to cache the
> header and body in a unique directory - the directory name becomes the
> key, and the entry is either cached completely / still being cached if
> the directory exists. This assumes it's possible to atomically delete
> directories.
>.
> Another option is to version the filename of the body based on a key
> in the header. In other words, in the header, called <key>.header, is
> a version number <timestamp>, meaning there should be a body called
> <key>.<timestamp>.body. A replacement cached entry therefore cannot
> stomp on what pre existing threads are doing. If the body file is
> created first, before the header file, then a non existent body file
> means "this entry has been invalidated, try the request again".
>
> There is an assumption that <timestamp> is fine grained enough to be
> unique.
>
> You're right, this is a tricky one, but there is a solution out there.
Maybe we're attacking the problem from the wrong angle. Rather than
modifying mod_cache, modify the garbage-collector (e.g., htcacheclean).
Do a two pass cleanup. The first pass is a data-store transversal pass
which decides what to remove. It immediately purges the header file,
and stores the entity key (or filename, or whatever it needs to
re-access the entity) in a list. Once the first pass finishes, a second
pass is made leisurely cleaning up all of the entities that are still
missing their header files (that way, if a mod_cache thread re-caches
the entity, we won't purge it).
That should be a safe solution, provided that the time taken to perform
the first pass is shorter than the time between opening the header and
body files. That should normally be the case, unless someone can come
up with a reasonable case where it wouldn't be so?
Issac: 26 Jun 2011
- More information
Guyana remains committed to sustainable development - Persaud tells Rio+20 preparatory meeting
Minister of Agriculture Robert Persaud says Guyana remains committed to implementing measures for sustainable development, at the United Nations (UN) Conference on Sustainable Development (UNCSD) Rio+20 Sub Regional Preparatory Meeting for the Caribbean held at the Guyana International Conference Centre recently. The meeting was a follow-up to the second session of the Preparatory Committee for the UNCSD.
Source: Stabroek News
Source: Stabroek NewsDawson’s the Department Store will open brand new premises in a prominent new retail development in Skipton.
Maple Grove Developments, part of the Eric Wright Group has revealed the Clitheroe-based company as part of the line-up of tenants for the new Albion Place development off Skipton high street.
Next, Pizza Express, Brantano and Cotswolds Outdoor Ltd will also move in alongside two coffee shop and restaurant operations. The 46,000 sq. ft. development is set to create more than 150 permanent jobs and will offer customer parking for 330 cars.
Graham Pilkington, senior development surveyor for Maple Grove Developments said he was delighted with how much interest the scheme has generated.
He commented: “Albion Place will offer something new to this thriving town at the gateway to the Dales. It is an exciting project that will provide people in Skipton and beyond a modern shopping and dining experience in beautiful surroundings.
He continued: “We’re delighted that we have been able to secure such a high profile tenant line-up and our sister company, Eric Wright Construction has already begun work on the site.”
Stephen Dawson, it’s shoppers. We’ll be launching the same brands that are so popular in our Clitheroe store and look forward to meeting our new customer base. It’s a very exciting time for us and the new location and premises are an excellent fit with the Dawson’s brand.”
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.Still stuck? Give us a call at 800-948-1063 or email us!
As with any halogen, Westinghouse MR16 GU7.9 120 volt halogen light bulbs should not be touched with your skin as the oils can
react with the glass causing an early failure. And in the case of these, they are sealed inside a
glass covering, so it's impossible to touch the inner part and capsule. If you have MR16
GU7.9. As mentuioned
before the pin spacing is 7.9 millimeters. The manufacturers code number
is a AB04519 or
AB04725. Westinghouse MR16 GU7.9.
We have a large inventory
of Westinghouse halogen bulbs for nearly every type of light fixture in the field. If
you need help identifying a MR16 halogen bulb, our customer service
representatives can help you determine what you have.Sponsored by:
As of 05.22.15
BR , M, foaled April 17, 2004( Cash Dont Lie - Runaway Fortune, by Runaway Winner)
Racing achievements and Top 100 Rankings include North American (U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico) Thoroughbred races only.
Jockey: Steve Fuller
Trainer: Larry Fuselier
Owner: Lyle Guillory
Breeder: Guillory Brothers LlcStella & Dot Spring is in the air… can you feel it? It was a beautiful, sunny day here in NW Arkansas, anyway. The perfect start to Daylight Savings (that and a huge cup of coffee). The days are getting longer, the birds are singing louder and the air just a smidgen warmer. It is hard to […]What is the Lake Oswego Public Library Festival of Words?
The Lake Oswego Public Library Festival of Words is a celebration of the art of storytelling. The weekend is full of storytelling workshops and performances that demonstrate the interactive art of telling a story.
Is storytelling just for kids?
No! Storytelling is for everyone! There will be a special matinee for kids, but many more wonderful programs for the “young at heart”!
Is there a cost?
Thanks to a generous grant from the Friends of the Lake Oswego Public Library, all festival events are free.The Aikana chair out of the Fast collection by Weishäupl is suitable for in- and outdoors. It is available with and without armrests and consists of a powder coated aluminium frame and a water-repellent cushion.
The Aikana series is a range of furniture pieces with modular functions – inspired by the atmosphere of the 1950s. Created and designed for in- and outdoor areas as well as easy to integrate in every furnishing if desired. Elegance, simplicity and extreme flexible usage possibilities that are accentuated by a wide selection of accessories is what characterize this series.
The Aikana series is produced by the Italian manufacturer Fast Pro and distributed by Weishäupl in Germany. The Afrikana chair out of the Fast collection can be demanded with differently coloured frames and cushions. Also further pieces of the collection are available.
Do you have questions about the product? Contact us!Theruary 3, from 4 until 6 p.m., catch the tour at the Harley Davidson shop on S. Eastern Ave. Fighters Shane Carwin, Miesha Tate and Ronda Rousey to sign autographs from 5 until 6 pm. On Saturday, February 4, the tour will be back at the dealership from noon until 6 p.m.
Event posted Feb. 3, 2012
Last updated Feb. 3, 2012Fast Feather Track
Wednesday and Thursday Afternoons in Lausanne.BigOven Pro required (try it free)
Notice a categorization error? Let us know by clicking [alert editor] on the recipe page, in the ingredients box.
Banana, berry smoothie
Banana Breakfast Smoothie
Banana Bread Vegan
Banana Banana Bread
Banana Bread Pancakes
Raw Banana Ice Cream
Chocolate and Coconut Frozen Banana Popsicles
Paleo Friendly Banana Shake
Baked Banana Bread Oatmeal
Apple Banana Bread
Grilled Peanut Butter and Banana Sandwich
CHOCOLATE BANANA “ICE CREAM”
Coffee Coconut Chocolate Banana Shake
Orange Raspberry Banana Smoothie
Blueberry & Banana Smoothie
Gluten-Free Tuesday: Vegan Banana Bread Muffins
Strawberry-Banana Smoothie
Blueberry Banana Coconut Milk Shake
Pear and Banana Loaf
Banana Snack Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting
Discover new recipes, add your own, create grocery lists and plan your menus.
Glad you've found something to try! Let BigOven share your recipe discoveries on Facebook. Click "Okay" on the Facebook prompt.
Got itUncharted 3: Update Brings New Items
Christmas festivities have started in the world of Uncharted. So people over at Naughty Dog studios have decided to enter the joyous and generous spirit of the holiday season.
In fact, a few update has just been released by Naughty Dog which will help you really get into the Christmas spirit. Announced on their official website the free update includes all sorts of different goodies. Like, Nathan with his head wrapped in a gift pack or character wearing t-shirts branded with pictures of candy canes and Naught Dog President Christophe Balestra.
Furthermore, the update also contains a free multiplayer map containing blocks only with no textures what so ever.
The free update is live and ready to download right now on the PS3. This update will remain live till the 8th of January.Hi all,
AT present we have our polling interval set to 10 minutes... and we cant really reduce to less for POP3 unless we move our external server to a VPS at the host and they whitelist our IP so we can have a more real time sync via POP3.
The problem with the above solution is that its going to cost us 1200+ USD a year to have a remote VPS server, instead of the standard web space.
The other option is to move our zimbra server from downloading email via POP3 to IMAP. The problem with that .. is that we have some email accounts that are 10gb+ and our external email space is about 5GB max..
So i am open to suggestions on how best we can have a more real time sync between our internal zimbra server and the external email server/webspace we have with site5.comHow to Dispute a Credit Card Charge
Whether you receive the monthly statement in the mail or online, it is important to carefully go through all the charges each month to verify that you have authorized every purchase.
You may think it will never happen to you because you keep your credit card safe, but the most common causes of fraudulent charges happen with the consumer being unable to prevent it from happening.
Security breaches where banks and merchants have experienced credit card numbers being compromised are rare, but they do happen from time to time. In some cases the credit card issuers realize what has happened and will automatically issue a new credit card.
Your credit card details and even the magnet stripe can easily be copied if you leave your credit card out of sight for just a short period of time. One of the few places where you lose sight of the card is at restaurants. The waiter will usually process the transaction at a terminal in the back and it is impractical to follow the waiter to make sure card information is safe. Cardadvantages recommends that you use a separate card for restaurant purchases, which will serve two purposes. You benefit from using a rewards credit card that offer higher rewards at restaurants and fraudulent charges are easily detected as the locations are easily recognizable and the transactions are kept to a minimum.
Unauthorized Charges
When your credit card application is approved you are instantly protected by the Fair Credit Billing Act against unauthorized charges. Your responsibility is limited to $50, but it is not unusual for a card issuer to offer $0 liability.
To take advantage of this protection, you must follow a few guidelines in the dispute process. You need to contact the creditor at their address listed for billing inquires and describe the billing error. Include your name, address and account number in this letter.
Your letter must reach the creditor within 60 days after you received the statement that included the error.
The card issuer is required to acknowledge the claim within 30 days from receipt, unless the dispute has already been resolved. The card issuer must resolve the dispute within the lesser of two billing cycles or 90 days after receiving your letter.
Credit Card Bill Payment
In an ongoing dispute you still need to make the payment by the due date; however you can deduct the disputed amount and related charges during the investigation. Your credit limit is most likely affected during the process by the amount in question.
If you have a legitimate dispute, the card issuer is very likely to side with you and remove the charge. Not only do they want to keep you as a customer, but they are also required to be able to prove that it is not a billing error.
Credit Card Rating
The card issuer is not allowed to report you as delinquent during the dispute process. The card issuer is allowed to report that a bill is being challenged, but you cannot be denied credit for that reason. Check your credit report during and after the dispute is settled to make sure the card issuer has reported correctly and the credit rating has not been affected.
Related articles
Great Lakes Brewing CompanyGreat Lakes Brewing Company Co-Owner Pat Conway and Lab Technician Nate Gibbon transferring grain between ceramic vessels.The Great Lakes Brewing Company is trying to recreate a 5,000-year-old Sumerian brew using only clay pots and wood spoons. They are working with researchers at the University of Chicago, according to the New York Times.
The Sumerians were an ancient civilization that lived in southern Mesopotamia and Iraq, who first settled there about 4,500 BC.
The process involves a lot of guessing, they report:
But for all the notes that Sumerians took about the ingredients and the distribution of their libations, no precise recipes have ever been found. Left behind were only cuneiform texts that vaguely hint at the brewing process, perhaps none more poetically than the Hymn to Ninkasi, the Sumerian goddess of beer.
The researchers and brewers are using recreations of ancient ceramic vessels, excavated in Iraq. They malt their own barley, add cardamom and coriander, and teamed with a baker to create a brick-like "beer bread" that contains the yeast used to ferment the sugars in the beer.
The beer is fermented outside, on a patch of grass, and heated by a manure-fed fire. They are still working out how to make the brew palatable to modern drinkers.
Sadly, they aren't planning to sell the product commercially, though The New York Times says they are planning limited tasting events in Cleveland and Chicago by the end of the summer.
The clay brewing vessels, which you can see in the image above, are a big hit on tours of their Cleveland, Ohio facility.
They aren't the only ones who have taken to recreate ancient beers. A few weeks ago we got to taste four recreated brews created by Dogfish Head brewers at a World Science Festival event. They make their beers using slightly more modern techniques.
Three of the beers are available now in select areas (see the Dogfish Head Website for details) and the last will be available in the fall.Frazier's Learning Center
Preschool | Grades PK
Milford, DE 19963
(302) 422-0698
About This School
Frazier's Learning Center is located in Milford, DE. Frazier's Learning Center is Family Day Care (home based) and has a capacity of 12 children.
write a review
Frazier's Learning Center ReviewsThere are no reviews yet for this school. Be the first one to write a review!
FrazierOkay folks, this one is sort of a fixer upper. Its a 16" padded suede seat, 7" gullet FQHB. It is loaded with Texas star conchos and comes with matching bridle, breast collar and split reins with clip ends. Heres the fixer upper part...the horn is broke off, its held on by the leather. You could either have it repaired or take it all the way and have a one of a kind western endurance saddle. The tree and pommel are NOT BROKE, just the horn. It has saddle strings and comes with cinch and off billet.... (read more)
Avoid Scams and Fraud - Potential areas of fraud: wire transfer, moneygrams, money orders, cashier checks, shipping, escrow, "transaction protection", "guarantee". Check out the Buyer Safety section for more info.Ten years of research by Dr. Raj Khosla and his precision agriculture grad students at Colorado State University has produced a soil color based management zone technique that accurately optimizes Nitrogen use efficiency within and across zones in given corn fields.
“Once farmers realize the value of varying N rates based on field productivity zones, most want to add more N to bring the low zone productivity up. We’re helping them to change this paradigm thinking because more fertilizer in a low zone usually isn’t cost effective,” Khosla says. “Once we start talking in terms of raising the net dollar return of the entire field to the same level, that usually gets their attention. And we accomplish that by applying low rates to low producing zones, medium rates on medium zones and high rates in high productivity zones.”
In his presentation at the recent InfoAg precision farming conference, Khosla addressed several key efficiencies:
- Their SCMZ (soil color management zone) technique has three data layers — bare soil imagery, field topography and farmer experience (where farmers indicate high and low producing areas)
- In 9 out of 10 site years, this SCMZ method can accurately differentiate grain yield going from low to medium to high zones. And when N optimization prescription strategy is applied (low rates to low producing zones, medium rates on medium zones and high rates in high productivity zones) there is a significant increase in N use efficiency, and reduced N leaching as well.
- Research in Colorado has shown that N rates can be cut by up to 40 percent in parts of fields without losing any yield.
- The early days of using grid soil sampling to build prescription maps has shifted to management zones due to the constraints of grids — grid size too large to capture the spacial variability within a grid; difficulty of interpolating fertility levels between known sample points; fertility recommendation software ignores the inherent soil variability.
Listen to Khosla’s presentation to learn more:
Precision Pays coverage of the InfoAg 2009 Conference is sponsored by:
.Luongo feeling ‘pretty good’ after shutout win… so, who starts vs. Finland?
Feb 14, 2014, 3:34 PM EDT
Ro. “
- kingcobraman - Feb 14, 2014 at 4:16 PM
great attitude Luooooooooooooooo….
-
-
- joey4id - Feb 14, 2014 at 6:40 PM
Price, and if he wins the net is his to lose. If he loses then the net is Luongo’s to lose.
-
- Mike Halford - Feb 14, 2014 at 9:30 PM
Not true. Price played four times that postseason, including an appearance against Philly in the Eastern Conference final.
-
- canada2014gold - Feb 14, 2014 at 10:04 PM
Lol he’s gonna go with Luongo, Babcock’s not listening to the brass. He’s the coach and it’s his call. Luongo’s been there and won, his performance was more impressive than price’s. It’s his job to lose and this team will win or lose depending on his performance. I’m from BC and we are proud of Carrey but Luongo’s the guy. He lost in the final because Vancouvers offence dried up and their defence hung him out to dry. The guys a class act and he’s going to show everyone that 2010 was not a fluke.
-
-
- pr0jecktpat - Feb 14, 2014 at 11:16 PM
Go with the hot hand. Luoooooooooooooooo)With the economy still weak on the job-creation front, recent college graduates have found their hopes of launching a career quickly slipping away, reports The New York Times. Like the generation that came of age during the Great Depression, "Millennials" — 18- to 29-year-olds — increasingly must opt for jobs they do not want, if they can get a job at all. The unemployed are often stuck living in their parents' homes, tasked with odd jobs to earn money, with no greater relief in sight. Has the current recession crushed the American dream?
These brats are spoiled: The problem isn't that the American dream is dead, says Jessica Pressler in New York Magazine. It's that, "sometimes, when you're an adult, you have to do things you don't want to do" — a lesson this generation of entitled "twentysomethings" simply doesn't understand. Hopefully, they'll learn it before "the cycle of human life grinds to a halt in front of some dude's Wii."
"Overconfidence, entitlement twentysomethings threatened by great recession"
Their parents aren't doing them any favors: The young man the Times profiled turned down a $40,000 a year job because it didn't fit his career plan exactly, says Bob Adelmann in The New American. With 37 percent of all 18- to 29-year-olds unemployed, the future doesn't "bode well for the expectation" that the perfect career "is right around the corner." Parents need to teach their children adult responsibility and not allow them "to live at home waiting for better opportunities to jump up and attack them."
"The Millennial generation, jobs and reality"
It's time to dig deep: Compared to the "brutal" jobs past generations had to take to survive, says Daniel Indiviglio in The Atlantic, things really aren't that bad. Certainly, it will take Millennials "longer to gain their footing in the labor market." But that "hardly means they're hopeless." Remember, the American dream "isn't to live a perfect life." It's to "have the opportunity to succeed if you work hard." This generation of young adults may just have to "work a little harder to attain it."
"What is the American dream, anyway?"- PC control option
When connected to PC, the system is fully computerized and controlled by the Data Manager software
- Accurate
AUTOMAX can fit all our compression and flexural testing frames performing accurate and reliable tests also for low strength results. It can also be used for other make compatible hydraulic compression and flexural frames
- Third frame control option
AUTOMAX can be upgraded, as option, with distributor block for the non simultaneous control of a third frame as, for example, Flexural testing frame and Cement compression frame. Active frame selection is made via the display/software.An ideal and economical solution to the automation of the most important tests on concrete and cement specimens.
- Recording facility of up to 10 test profiles for each channel allowing quick and easy test start
Concrete
Automax SMART line, fully automatic tester
The automatic system controlled by digital unit and/or PC, featuring Energy Saving technology and two frame control, expandable to three
Main features
General description
General description
This modern and advanced unit has been designed to fit all our models of compression and flexural frames ranging from 100 to 5000 kN capacity. The previous version, developed few years ago with excellent sales results all over the world, has been further upgraded adopting the latest technologies thus maintaining a very competitive price. The Automatic compression testers fitted with the AUTOMAX System have to be considered the most reliable, and advanced solution for Central Concrete Testing Laboratories, Private laboratories and Contractors
Very often may be convenient to update an old compression tester, replacing for example the old pressure gauge and pump, with a modern automatic control console as our Automax Smart-Line thus granting high accuracy and reliability. This application requires a suitable pressure transducer and connecting cable. See Pressure transducers
Description
The AUTOMAX System is usually proposed as part of the compression machines (AUTOMAX, Super- Automatic EN testers for cubes, cylinders and blocks, AUTOMAX, Super-Automatic ASTM testers for cylinders) but it is available also as stand-alone control console. The two solutions are technically identical and can be selected conforming to customer requirement: the first solution is more economic and compact, the second is more ergonomic and flexible being possible to move it easily to fit another frame in the laboratory and it is also useful to update an old compression tester with a modern and much more accurate control console.
The AUTOMAX System can control two testing frames extendable to three.
Furthermore, the front panel of the electronic control system, is designed to incorporate a serial printer, programmed to print all test results and to plot the Load/Time graph. See Upgrading options.
The AUTOMAX system can be completed, as option, with the Data Manager PC software 82-SW/DM (new release compatible only with SMART LINE units) for remote control of the machine via PC, real time acquisition and management of test data. See accessories.
As specified, the compression and flexural testing frames have to be selected conforming to the Standard in use and to the specimens shape and dimensions.
Technical specificationsThe AUTOMAX Control system features:
HYDRAULIC GROUP
- Dual stage pump: centrifugal low pressure high delivery for fast approach and automatic switch to radial multi-piston high pressure for loading
- DC motor, 720 W, 50-60 Hz
- Max working pressure 650 bar
- Third frame connection option (non contemporaneous use only), Active frame selection by software.
- Energy Saving technology to reduce the power consumption and silent operation
- 132000 points high resolution/stability analogical channels
- Touch screen graphic display 240x128 pixel, icons driven showing figures and diagrams
- Large storing procedure with automatic storage of data without manual editing (using a suitable load cell and readout unit
- Multi-coefficient calibration procedure with automatic storage of data (requires external reference load cell and readout unit)
- Recording facility of up to 10 test procedures for each channel including: type of test (e.g. compression, flexural, indirect tensile), specimen size and shape, load rate, standard in use, and other general information. Each one of the recorded test procedures can be activated by default to save time.
- Compatible with the Data Manager software 82-SW/DM, new release tailored on the requirements of laboratories for construction materials, for real time data acquisition, display and management
- 12 languages, Unit selection, etc.
- Screen saver
- Overall dimensions: (hxlxd) 1292x350x450 mm
- Weight approx.: 80 kg
Ordering info50-C10D02
AUTOMAX SMART line, Automatic control console, for connection to two testing frames. PC not included. 230 V, 50-60 Hz, 1 ph
50-C10D04
AUTOMAX SMART line, Automatic control console, for connection to two testing frame. PC not included. clearance
Data manager PC software
Additional InformationStandards
The following Standards refer essentially to the execution of the testing procedure (eg. Load rate, load application, accuracy etc.) as the mechanical and physical requirements refer to the testing frame which has to be selected conforming the Standard in use, the shape and dimensions and the expected strength of the specimens.
- EN 12390-3
Compressive strength of test specimens
- EN 12390-4
Specification for compression testing machine
- EN 12390-5
Flexural strength of test specimens
- EN 12390-6
Tensile splitting strength of test specimens
- EN 1338
Concrete paving blocks
- EN 1339
Concrete paving flags
- EN 1340
Concrete kerb units
- EN 196-1
Determination of cement strength
- EN 772-1
Determination of compressive strength of masonry units (blocks)
- ASTM C39
Compressive strength of cylindrical concrete specimens
- ASTM C78
Flexural strength of concrete. Third point loading
- ASTM C293
Flexural strength of concrete. Center point loading
- ASTM C496
Splitting tensile test of cylindrical concrete specimens
- AASHTO T22
Compressive strength of cylindrical concrete specimens
UpgradingThird frame facility
50-C10D/3F
Upgrading the Automax System for a third frame connection and control. Frame selection via display/PC
Graphic printer (To be factory installed)
50-C10B/PR
Upgrading the DIGIMAX, PILOT and AUTOMAX to incorporate a serial graphic printer in the front panel allowing also load/time plot at the end of test.
Specifications:
- Very silent printing
- High speed: 50 mm/sec
- High resolution: 203 dpi=8 dots/mm
- Support test and graphic printing
- Easier maintenance with self-diagnostic
- Paper width: 57.5 mm
Link to other productsBy minuteman on the reverse. The coin is cluttered with inscriptions, and the date (especially on the business strike version) is buried in the churning clouds of exhaust created by a launching missile. At first glance it resembles the Washington Monument- but it is in fact a missile, soaring off into the sky, set to level some remote target…. hardly an image that corresponds with the words “Service in Peace”.
The Army hasn’t enjoyed a peacetime posture in over ten years. This is just one of the many curious aspects of this ill-conceived design.
Cluttered and incongruous motifs aside, the coin was released into a crowded marketplace of military-themed commemorative coins stretching back to 2003’s West Point commemorative dollar. Militarism has been on Congress’ mind as of late, and much legislation has required the mint to keep churning out commemoratives for a consumer base whose demand for the coins has been in steady decline. Considering that both of this year’s silver commemorative releases continue the military theme (the U.S. Infantry dollar’s connection is obvious, the Star Spangled Banner dollar celebrates the penning of a song written during the War of 1812 and depicts Fort McHenry), and next year’s scheduled Five Star Generals set will make it four years running, there seems to be no end in sight for “war” coins.
It seems that the trend is down, down, down for military-themed commemoratives. Perhaps the market has become oversaturated in recent years.
While the law authorizing the Army half dollar set a mintage limit of 750,000 coins (a number the mint haven’t hit since the 1994 World Cup half), only 39,464 uncirculated Army half dollars and 68,349 proofs were sold. These low totals led Coin World’s Associate Editor Steve Roach to proclaim that the coin had an extremely low mintage[2]. Those following the mint’s production reports through the latter part of last year were well aware of this fact, yet the coin still trickled out at just $19.95 a pop until December 31st.
But now industry types want you to be aware of just how “scarce” these coins are, which is driving demand and consequently an increase in price. If you’re thinking about buying now, be careful not to spring the trap set for you. One large dealer I spoke with off the record admitted that his dealership was a “market maker” for the coin, having literally hundreds of pieces. He offers the coin in NGC holders for $95 and raw for $80. For dealers, turning a profit of $60 per piece on a coin they’ve held in inventory for such a short amount of time is good business. For collectors, it’s time for reflection. If you weren’t in a hurry to buy this coin when it was cheap, why do you want it now that it costs 400% more?
Furthermore, as “scarce” as the Army half is, and specifically as “scarce” as uncirculated specimens are, you find mintage totals for the Medal of Honor and Army dollars nearly as low. Yet you don’t hear industry experts proclaiming how scarce those two coins are. The difference may just be a few thousand pieces- but that’s all relative when it comes to feeding coin dealers’ hype. As collectors, we must be savvy and pick our spots so that we have the most leverage possible. While dealers do deserve to make a living providing collectors with valuable coins and expert advice, we should always look out for our own interests. The current selling spree of the Army half is one of those instances where collectors and dealers interests do not exactly meet. Time will tell if I’m right or wrong about this modern commemorative, but there is one thing I am certainly right about. If you are buying the Army half now, you are five months too late.
Flip of a Coin:
Back to the well again: special Silver Eagle sets seem set to become an annual tradition. At least this year the mint is prepared to meet demand.
At least a few of the Ike Group consortium’s hand-picked CAC Ikes received the coveted gold sticker, a testament to the well-trained eyes of the series’ specialists.
With ANACS working on a revamped website that allows for instant cert verification, could the industry’s oldest grading company soon rejoin NGC and PCGS as eBay authorized TPGs?
James Earle Fraser’s iconic Indian Head Nickel Buffalo Nickel turns 100 years old next year. The change in design was prompted by an effort to beautify American coinage. It’s hard to imagine such a campaign taking place these days.
[1] Figures derived based on released mintage figures from the U.S. Mint.
[2]
If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to receive more just like it.
Trackback | Comments RSS Feed
I am sitting on about 182 of these UNC Army half dollar coins and have to agree with the critisisms of the design and over-militarisation of the recent commemorative coins.
Still, it is the new key to the modern commemorative halves, at least, for now. The previous holder of that status, the Swimming Unc halves had a mintage of 10k more than the Army halves. These have been out long enough for the price to have settled into the $60-$65 range. We’ve yet to see a PCGS MS70, and even an NGC MS70 went for $1800 last month. The real winner will be finding one that’s not scuffy like most and hoping to get a 70 out of it.
Name ( required )
Website« previous Page 18 of 31 next »
For more than three years, on and off, veteran food journalist and Jackson native Susan Puckett delved into the Delta, its history, its communities and, most of all, its food.
Casseroles have never really had much of a place in my culinary repertoire. It's a time thing mostly. I'd rather sear something off in a few minutes than stand around while it slowly bakes.
When we're happy, we celebrate with food. When folks are sick and hurting, we cook because food is an easily shared expression of love, concern and condolence. For those, and other reasons embraced in the introduction to "Favorite Recipes On the Hill," First Presbyterian Church in Columbus was inspired to create a cookbook..
Sprinkled with sugar, dipped in chocolate, topping a cake or just plucked from the plant, strawberries are one of Mother Nature's sweetest gifts, and Chef Ty Thames knows.
It's time to party. If there's ever an occasion to pull out your best fiesta-themed menus and props, it's Cinco de Mayo -- the fifth of May.
'Tis the season -- the season for taking covers off the grills, for organizing cooking tools, maybe even buying a new chef's apron ... the season for enjoying a deep whiff of an excellent cut of beef sizzling above the heat..
Vacancies at Mississippi University for Women's Culinary Camp for Kids are going fast.
« previous Page 18 of 31Elderly man shoots woman in murder/suicide
Copyright 2014 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Police are saying the death of two elderly people appears to be a murder/suicide.
Just before 11 a.m. Saturday, officers were called to 329 Folcroft street for a reported suicide attempt. When officers arrived they found a woman who had been shot in the head and a man who appeared to have shot himself in the head.
The exact nature of their relationship is unclear, but police say the man and woman are related. Both victims were between 75-85 years old and were suffering from numerous long term medical conditions.
Police are investigating.TheS head coach Dan Benham said.
He said the coaching staff is looking for some players to work hard over the summer and come ready play at the beginning of the 2014-15 season.
“We also have a big group of players coming up from Bantams, and some of those players will need to step up and fill some roles,” he said.
Fortunately, the Wildcats will also have some varsity experience sprinkled on the lines, as the ‘Cats will return regular varsity forwards Collin Reus, Matt Fulkerson, and Cal Rassman, along with Austin Nichols, Adam Nichols, and Shane Reuben on offense.
Defensively, Nick Molinari, Joe Benson, and Jack Kalenberg will keep the Wildcats’ ice safe.
“We will be returning three of our six defense and some talented forwards,” Benham said. “Hopefully that experience will help lead the incoming players.”
But for now, the Wildcats are saying goodbye to those 14 seniors that have given many years to the team, including a 2013-14 season that had its highs and lows.
The Wildcats started the year with big wins over Red Wing and Lake of the Woods in late November and a three-game streak mid-December.
Just after the first of the year, the ‘Cats hit a bit of a slump, losing five straight games before rebounding in a win over conference foe Hutchinson Jan. 21.
“During the middle of the year we hit a difficult patch, lost a few games in a row,” Benham said. “As a group, players and coaches, we made some minor changes and played our way out or it.”
The Wildcats finished the season 10-16-1 overall, and were 3-8-1 in the Wright County Conference.
Waconia won its first playoff game, a 4-3 victory over St. Louis Park on Feb. 19, before falling to Breck two nights later in the Section 2A tournament.
“Overall the season went well, we played a deep bench and a lot of players were a part of our success,” Benham said. “We started quickly with some quality wins and ended the year with a playoff win.”
Offensively, three Wildcats scored more than 10 goals this season, including Reus (13), Rassman (10), and Fulkerson (10). Sophomore Mitchell Weiland scored nine goals, while seniors Alex Fortwengler, Alex Tasson, and Jake Reuben each scored seven. Assist leaders included Fulkerson (15), Rassman (14), Weiland (12), Reus (9), and Fortwengler (9).
In goal for WHS, senior Steven LaDouceur logged over 650 minutes, going 5-7. He saved 394 shots of 452 attempts for a save percentage of .872. He also had one shut out.
Junior Noah Schrup played 378 minutes in goal and was 2-6. He allowed 37 in 233 attempts for a .841 save percentage. Junior Noah Roddy also tended goal for 252 minutes, was 2-2-1, and allowed just 21 goals in 169 shots for a .876 save percentage.
For their efforts this season, junior Collin Reus was All-Conference, while senior Kevin Kittleson and junior Matt Fulkerson were Honorable Mention.
Team awards were given out at the Wildcats’ annual banquet and included: MVP (Reus), MVP Forward (Fulkerson), MVP Defense (Kittleson), Most Improved (Austin Nichols), Rookie of the Year (Kalenberg), Unsung Hero (senior Blaine Wilsey), and the Wildcat Award/Herb Brooks (senior Alex Tasson).
This year’s seniors include: Nick Andre, Jeff Balow, Alex Fortwengler, Tony Fulkerson, Chris Haus, Kevin Kittleson, Steven LaDouceur, Gunnar Nagy, Joe Nessa, Jake Reuben, Sam Schiffman, Seamus Sullivan, Alex Tasson, Cody Wiese, and Blaine Wilsey. who you cheer for with this Two Way chiller bottle! You can never have too many insulated bottles for your cold drinks, or have too much sweet Indiana Hoosiers merch, so go ahead and take care of both at the same time! This durable, BPA-free plastic bottle features double-wall insulation and cool Indiana Hoosiers graphics to flash that team pride anywhere! FansEdge is your trusted source for the latest Indiana Hoosiers gear!
- 11" tall
- BPA free
- Decal graphics
- Double-wall insulation
- Holds approximately 20oz.
-.The St. John’s Red Storm clinched its conference-record eighth Big East regular season championship Saturday with a 5-0 win over the Xavier Musketeers at Jack Kaiser Stadium.
The Red Storm won the game behind a dominant pitching performance by Ryan McCormick, who tossed his first career complete game shutout and recorded a career-high nine strikeouts in the contest.
St. John’s got on the board early by sending eight men to the plate in the bottom of the first inning and took a 2-0 lead. Robert Wayman began the rally with a one-out single. Michael Donadio followed with another single and Zach Lauricella got on base on a fielder’s choice to load the bases. Jarred Mederos smacked a two-run single into center, giving his team the early lead.
The Red Storm added to its lead in the bottom of the third with a string of singles. Tyler Sanchez started things with a single up the middle. Wayman added another single through the left side and Lauricella singled to left, driving in Sanchez to make it a 3-0 ballgame.
Xavier tried to rally back in the top of the fourth, getting the first two batters on base. A single by David Morton led off the inning and Nate Soria followed with a walk, but McCormick retired the next three batters to get out of the jam.
St. John’s padded its lead in the bottom of the seventh inning. Donadio drilled a leadoff double into left field, Matt Harris followed with an RBI triple, giving the Red Storm a 4-0, and Mederos lifted a sacrifice fly to left, bringing the lead to 5-0.
McCormick finished the game by retiring the last seven batters he faced.
The Red Storm completed the three-game sweep of the Musketeers on Sunday by posting an 8-6 win. They continue the season with a game against St. Peter’s on Tuesday, before ending their 2015 campaign with a three-game set against Southern Illinois.
RECOMMENDED STORIESBlogTalkRadio.
Josh Bowen
An interview with Josh Bowen of Aspire Fitness.
Translating Phantoms Broadcast With Josh Detwiler 05/14/2015
in Paranormal
Tune in LIVE tonight to Translating Phantoms Broadcast with your host Joshua Detwiler on! Call in on (347) 539-5549 and join the interactive chat room on the website to talk with Josh!
Tonight Translating Phantoms Broadcast will have a "different" kind of discussion about UFOs. Do UFOs mean aliens? Nope. Are aliens already here? Yep. So get in on this episode to hear all of Josh's views and to share your own!!
Baltimore Sports Talk - Orioles' Talk with Josh Michael of Orioles 101
Today Rob McQuay, Geoff Cowles and "Philly" Jeff are joined by Orioles' beat writer, Josh Michael of Orioles101.com...
Computer America - Gamer Tuesday with Editor-at-Large Josh Boykin
in Technology
Computer America
BOTH Hours: It's our Gamer Tuesday with Correspondent Josh Boykin!
Please welcome Josh Boykin, our newest Gamer Correspondent to the Computer America Show! Josh is an Editor at Large with Popzara.
Tonight's topics include
Is Josh Gordon just unlucky?
Mind of Mansion Depth Perspective Session: Episode 90:.!
- ...
Today's Best Podcasts
Join Host Live Chats
There are no live chats in progress
Get Social with BTRHave you tried taking a bike on the train lately? I ask because my last three attempts have been unmitigated disasters, and as our man Matt Lamy found out this weekend, taking a bike on the train has become a minefield where nobody seems too clear of the rules. Has it has always been this difficult, or are train operators going out of their way to make life miserable for cyclists?
Not so long ago I could pole up at the station, buy my ticket and sling the bike in the guard’s van, safe in the knowledge that both me and my steed would arrive safely at our destination.
Now guard’s vans have been consigned to history, provision for cycles ranges from scarce to non-existant, and some train companies seem determined to keep us off their rolling stock altogether.
Virgin Trains cycle policy dictates that you call and book a place for your bike before travelling. Fair enough. So armed with a reference number alongside my tickets, I load up at Euston, and everything is hunky-dory.
Coming back, however, the man at the ticket barrier at Manchester station takes one look at the reference number, denies the series of numbers relate to anything – especially taking my bike on the train – and points me towards the snake of humanity queueing at the ticket office. An anxious ten minutes of waiting in line ensues, all the while glancing over my shoulder to ensure nobody runs off with my pride and joy, before I emerge with the reservation and, feeling like the winner of Willy Wonka’s golden ticket, run for the train with seconds to spare.
That was too close for comfort. The next trip to Manchester needed to be better organised. I called Virgin Trains well in advance to clarify the bike-carrying provision on my train. The man on the end of the phone sounded utterly perplexed. If there was booking system in operation for bicycles, this chap was not aware of it.
“Just one minute, sir. I’m going to put you on hold.” Cue several minutes of muzak of the pan-pipe variety, before our befuddled friend comes back on the line.
“I am afraid I am unable to reserve a position for your bicycle at this time.” Does that mean the train is full and no bike places remain? “Not necessarily, sir. It has proved impossible for me to reserve a place at this time. If you call back tomorrow, it may be possible.”
Now, either this man doesn’t know what he is doing or couldn’t be bothered. Or maybe – just maybe – there really was some kind of computer malfunction that made my request impossible to process. I gave up at that point, left the bike at home and took public transport. Well done, Virgin trains. You beat me.
But it’s not all bad news. This week’s excursion to Petersfield went swimmingly, South West trains providing a storage area for cycles where you can sit and gaze lovingly at your machine (if that’s your bag). No ticket required, just turn up and pop it on the train. Perfect.
Fifty miles of South Downs later and an exhausted and dishevelled rider attempts to board the 5.15 from Brighton to London Victoria. “No, I’m sorry, you can’t take a bike on Southern Trains until 7pm,” says the nice man at the barrier.
What? So this three-quarters empty train is going to leave without me because there is no room for my bike? Crying seems a distinct possibility for a tired and emotional cyclist standing the wrong side of the barrier. I rack my brains. How about I ride over to Lewes and get the train there (a ploy that has worked on previous occasions)?
“No, sir, That is also Southern trains. The same rules apply.” Any bright ideas for me, apart from spending two hours in the pub and getting ‘tired and emotional’?
“Just a minute, sir.” Our man consults his information sheet. “You can get on this Thameslink train to Bedford. That goes through central London.”
Did I hear correctly? The train to Victoria is out of bounds but the one that goes several miles closer to my house is OK? “It’s a First Capital Connect train. That particular train operator allows bicycles,” says our man. I am not any mood to argue the toss, so jump aboard and am London-bound.
Needless to say, there is no place to properly place my bike on the train, so when it topples over from its position, jammed across the doorway, and bends the rear mech, I am not altogether surprised.
But enough moaning from me. Perhaps I was unlucky, or just plain disorganised. Perhaps the train companies really are part of an integrated transport policy that has somehow escaped my attention, and they really do welcome us two-wheelers with open arms. Or perhaps not.
Maybe six bikes is not enough, and I need to overcome my prejudices and add a Brompton to my stable.
Feel free to add your bike and train experiences, both good and bad. There has to be a better way than this.Former Microsoft blogger Robert Scoble revisits the campus and blogs about a Microsoft Research project that he says was so inspiring that he literally cried. Should the rest of us consider his response nauseating, or a natural reaction to the Next Big Thing? We’ll apparently have to wait to find out. Scoble’s post suggests it will be made public Feb. 27.
In the meantime, I inquired about the project, to see if Microsoft discloses any details. I’ll update this post depending on the response.
The researchers named in Scoble’s post, Jonathan Fay and Curtis Wong, are in Microsoft Research’s Next Media group, which explores “what new consumer media experiences are possible with the growth in computing power, connectivity and storage in a compelling, elegant and transparent way in the 3 to 10 year timeframe,” according to the Microsoft site.
Related: Valleywag: Great moments in PR: Scoble has yet another world-changing secret: “Unsolicited advice, Robby: If you have an embargoed piece of information, don’t talk about it until you can talk about it. You’re not building buzz, you’re killing it in advance by sending people’s imaginations soaring in the wrong directions.”FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:
08.03.09 - Regent Hits “Grand Slam” with Diamond Sports
August 3, 2009, Hauppauge, New York- Regent Sports Corporation, a leading manufacturer of sporting goods equipment, is pleased to announce a multi-year licensing agreement with Diamond Sports.
Regent Sports will now be able to bring a full line of new retail baseball and softball products with the Diamond logo into the market. Since Diamond’s inception in 1977, they have grown into an industry leader producing top quality baseball and softball products to top ranked colleges and high schools. Diamond is currently one of the largest manufacturers of baseballs and softballs in the world.
Regent is very excited to offer their current and future retail partners an opportunity to carry this well known sporting goods brand. “Our successful line of baseballproducts will now be branded with the powerful Diamond insignia which will be sure to entice the discerning baseball consumer to consider purchasing our products” says Ingram Pope, Executive Vice President of Regent Sports.
“We feel this is a great way to feed off each other’s strengths in today’s challenging landscape”, say Chris Coffing, Senior Vice President of Diamond Sports, “Diamond’s strong presence in the team dealer segment along with Regent’s solid commitment to the merchant retail channel, allows for great synergy of both companies to increase bottom line growth.”
For over 60 years, Regent has built its reputation with excellent values, award winning packaging, on-time delivery and product innovation. Regent Sports has been proud to bring customers the finest brands in sporting goods and games. Along with Diamond Sports, Regent will focus their marketing strategies within various channels of distribution with a full line of gloves, baseballs, training aids and accessories.
Diamond Sports is a leading sports manufacturer specializing in baseball, softball, and football products. Diamond strives to promote the advancement of competitive sports on all levels by delivering high-end quality products with unbeatable customer service. Diamond Sports is online at.
-END-Photo Gallery
2015 Round 1 Sydney Motorsport Park (GP)
Some phots from Round 1 held by the ARDC at Sydney Motorsport Park
All photos copyright Rob Annesley
For any info or more photos please contact ROB on his website SHOTBYROB.COM.AU
2014 Round 3 Sydney Motorsport Park Photos
Some Photos of Round 3 courtesy of Rob Annesley.
All photos copyright Rob Annesley
Website: Shot by Rob Photography
2014 Round 2 Sydney Motorsport Park Photos
Photos taken at Round 2 of the NSW State Supersprint Campionship.
2013 CAMS Presentation Dinner
Some Photos of the Award winners taken at the 2013 CAMS Presentation Dinner held at Bathurst.
Essay Topic 1
In part one, "Bloodlights," there is imagery surrounding the color red and blood; the basins of red expectorant; the blood from abortions; the red of the Aurora Borealis lights. Since even in this chapter most readers know that the story is about a tattoo artist, red seems to be a compelling color to wrap around the novel. Choose one of the following questions and write a well-developed, cohesive essay using examples from the text and your research or personal experience:
1. Follow the images of blood and the color red that occurs throughout the novel and interpret the individual images and then write an analysis of the symbolic meaning of the color red and blood.
2. Write an essay on the use of symbols in this book. Choose three symbols that seem important and discuss their significance and meaning, using specific examples. How does the use of the...Subscribing to a RSS feed is the best way to keep yourself updated to a site. As known to all, feeds can be subscribed via feed readers or via email. If you own a blog, you must have burned a feed and embedded a feedburner feed count chicklet on your blog showing the number of subscribers currently. The email subscribers to your feed although won’t know the number of current subscribers unless they visit your blog. If you want to show the subscriber count or the Feedcounter to your email subscribers, here’s the trick.
If you haven’t burned a feed for your blog, head over to Feedburner and burn a feed. Choose a Feed Address and save it. Now select the feed from the Feedburner Dashboard. Next, click on Publicize. From the left hand menu click on “Feed Count”. Pick up a color for the Feedcounter and select “Static” or “Animated” chicklet type, whichever you think is suitable. Finally click the “Activate” button. If you have this already activated, you can skip this step.
Now click on Email subscriptions from the left hand menu again and then on “Email Branding” option under it. Here you can customize the email that lands the inbox of the email subscribers to your blog. Here you’ll see a text box for entering a logo URL. Paste the following into it.
Replace “yourfeedURL” with the feed URL that you chose. On the HTML preview below it, you’ll see how the feedcounter chicklet will appear in the email. The feedburner Feedcount chicklet image gets updated with every new subscriber to your feed. Finally click on the Save button.
Thus you can show the Feedburner feedcount chicklet to your email subscribers but then you can’t show a logo of your site in its place. Well there are a handful of wordpress plugins that let you customize your feed and also let you add a logo somewhere.
Now, whenever an email subscriber gets the feed off your site on his inbox, he’ll see the number of current subscribers to your feed.[[foldercontrol]]
[[folder:The Movie]]
* The mournful renditation of "The Banana Boat Song" sums up the Maitland's quandry: "Daylight comes and I wanna go ''home''..."
* When [[spoiler.
** Especially when they were considering getting a baby.
-->'''Adam:''' Barb, honey... we're dead. I don't think we have anything to worry about anymore.
* Before meeting the Maitlands, Lydia was unhappy with her life. When Betelgeuse attacked her, her parents, and Otho, she thought the Maitlands send him. This supposed betrayal is what nearly drove her to suicide.
[[/folder]]
[[folder).
[[/folder]]
----eTextbook
Legal Terminology, Fifth Edition | 978-0-13-156804-4
ISBN-13: 9780131568044 See more
Author(s): Gordon W. Brown,
Price Information
Rental OptionsExpiration Date
- Nov 18, 2015$59.99
eTextbook Digital Rental:180 days
Our price: $59.99
Regular price:$146.20
You save:$86.21
Additional product details
For.>> #456063
In Stock, Ships within 10 hours
$30.00
$ 19.99Add To Cart
- 4 oz Eau De Cologne
Item #453514
In Stock, Ships within 10 hours
$25.00
$ 17.99Add To Cart
- 4 oz After Shave
Item #456064
In Stock, Ships within 10 hours
$20.00
$ 15.99Add To Cart
This product has (23)
- Clean & fresh (17)
- Great value (15)
- Not overpowering (14)
- Draws compliments (13)
Cons
Best Uses
- Daily use (15)
- Anytime (12)
- Signature fragrance (9)
- Evening (8)
- Special occasions (8)
- Reviewer Profile:
- Classic style (15), Natural style (10), Adventurous style (4)
- Fragrance Type:
- Oriental/spicy (18), Woody/earthy (9), Fresh/aquatic  35 customers
Sort by
Displaying reviews 1-5Results 16 to 29 of 29
Thread: Hasslett and Martz?
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
We've been there before, I don't want to go down that road again.
We will end up burning all time outs before kick off....
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
We have been there before, and we have been to two super bowls when he was with us. I'd gladly experience all of that again. Im not saying lets give Mike the keys to the car, just let him wash and wax it. He is a lousy head coach, but the guy knows how to call plays and get the rock in the end zone. The only downside I see is his underutilization of S Jax. He either doesn't use him or he turns him into an even more dynamic player. I'm all for bringing him back.
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
As long as he is 'managed' properly, I'm all for it too...
The question is, just coz he comes back we ain't gonna be rolling out the old carpet. This is a new carpet, with a diffferent collection of 'lice' living in it..
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
My thoughts exactly. Trying to recapture past glory with the same cast of characters rarely works (see: Al Saunders). Everyone from the "Greatest Show" days are long gone; Warner, Faulk, Bruce, Hakim, etc... I'd prefer a clean slate.
And getting WAY ahead of ourselves- if at some point Haslett got canned, Martz would be in position to become head coach, and I MOST DEFINITELY wouldn't want that. His frivolous use of time outs, reckless play calling regardless of circumstance, poor attention to special teams and tendecncey to get outcoached in big spots elevated my blood pressure 50 points.
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
I wish they would bring Martz back as head coach.
The only time we had a winning season in the last 20 years was when martz was here.
He was fired from detroit and they went 0-16.
The last game of the year with the ***** and redskin was an amazing offensive display with a 3rd string qb.
Best thing that happened to us was ***** firing Martz. They will loose next year now.
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
I like how everyone blames Martz for Turnovers. I mean yeah, "he" was the one who threw a pick for a td in the superbowl and then again made a nice catch only to fumble it , recovered by the opposition. Yes the guys aggressive, but isn't it the players job to "minimize" or reduce mistakes. I do agree that he makes some stupid choices with timeouts, however.
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
HC M. Martz, don't think thats going to happen. OC M. Martz will depend on who is HC and is asked to take the job.
Still, one has to look at the Lions and Whinners, two power house teams that Martz ruined--as if!! If there was a front worst FO then the Rams, that certainly discribes the Lions and Raiders--check one in favor of Martz. The Whinners, who knows where all the blame lands, but I am sure part of it falls on Martz--check against Martz
Fact is the madman knows offense and seems to find away to call plays that work well against a defense. And for a whilte, he had the Lions hitting on all cyclinders in the begining. But his main issue is he hasn't developed a running scheme equal to his passing ones and defenses have found a way to beat his schemes. Thats the most disturbing check against Martz.
I wouldn't mind a Martz part II with the Rams so long as he is keep on a short chain. But whoever is HC will have to be the man and the final say. And he would have to review all Martz play calling to make sure thats the correct one
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
Bringing Martz back is like re-marrying your ex-wife that cheated on you, took the house and the kids allowing you no visitation, and left you the bills. No freaking thanks...
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
Indeed, no matter how big her bosoms are.
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
On a second thought . . . does anybody believe that the return of MM would open the possibility for the Rev Ike to comeback?
Re: Hasslett and Martz?
im glad he said he`d only come back if it was to work under Haslett,that should make it NOT happen.
Similar Threads
Postgame With GordoBy RamWraith in forum RAM TALKReplies: 0Last Post: -10-22-2007, 02:43 PM
BookmarksUsed Ford Explorer in Grand Rapids, MI
New Search
Filter Results
Price
Mileage
Accidents Reported
Text Search
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
CarGurus Quick Poll
Why buy used?28,379 new Ford Explorer listings
“Good SUV choice”
Overall the Explorer is a great SUV, however I strongly disagree with U-Haul's decision to ban the Ford Explorer from pulling it's rental trailers. The Mercury Mountaineer has the exact same chassis, wheel base etc, it's basically the exact same vehicle yet they don't ban the Mountaineer.
2014 Ford Explorer XLT 4WD Used Cars in Coldwater, MI 49036
Price: $28,477
Mileage: 23,689
Location: Coldwater, MI 49036
2008 Ford Explorer Eddie Bauer 4WD Used Cars in Grand Rapids, MI 49512
Price: $8,400
Mileage: 128,495
Location: Grand Rapids, MI 49512
2012 Ford Explorer Limited 4WD Used Cars in Plainwell, MI 49080
Price: $25,990
Mileage: 53,046
Location: Plainwell, MI 49080
2005 Ford Explorer XLT V6 4WD Used Cars in Plainwell, MI 49080
Price: $3,591
Mileage: 159,428
Location: Plainwell, MI 49080
2007 Ford Explorer XLT Used Cars in Shelbyville, MI 49344
Price: $5,995
Mileage: 137,900
Location: Shelbyville, MI 49344
2011 Ford Explorer XLT Used Cars in Greenville, MI 48838
Price: $22,995
Mileage: 37,016
Location: Greenville, MI 48838
2015 Ford Explorer XLT 4WD Used Cars in Elkhart, IN 46514
Price: $29,100
Mileage: 16,773
Location: Elkhart, IN 46514
2013 Ford Explorer XLT Used Cars in Howell, MI 48843
Price: $25,888
Mileage: 29,757
Location: Howell, MI 48843
2012 Ford Explorer XLT 4WD Used Cars in Lansing, MI 48917
Price: $23,899
Mileage: 51,885
Location: Lansing, MI 48917
2013 Ford Explorer XLT 4WD Used Cars in Okemos, MI 48864
Price: $25,840
Mileage: 43,319
Location: Okemos, MI 48864
2014 Ford Explorer Limited 4WD Used Cars in Plainwell, MI 49080
Price: $32,977
Mileage: 17,402
Location: Plainwell, MI 49080
2013 Ford Explorer XLT Used Cars in Lagrange, IN 46761
Price: $27,900
Mileage: 22,575
Location: Lagrange, IN 46761
2013 Ford Explorer XLT Used Cars in Ludington, MI 49431
Price: $26,768
Mileage: 29,381
Location: Ludington, MI 49431
2013 Ford Explorer Limited 4WD Used Cars in Lowell, MI 49331
Price: $27,994
Mileage: 41,989
Location: Lowell, MI 49331
2013 Ford Explorer XLT Used Cars in Grand Rapids, MI 49544
Price: $20,645
Mileage: 87,097
Location: Grand Rapids, MI 49544
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.Hurricane.
Share this post:Recent Longevity News for the seven days ending
7/9/08. You should consult your doctor if you are taking any medications.
Lowering
Blood Cholesterol With Fish Oil And Red Yeast Rice Instead Of Statins -
Science Daily, 7/8/08 - "The alternative treatment group
participants received daily fish oil and
red yeast rice supplements ... The
statin group participants received 40 milligrams
(mg) of Zocor (simvastatin)
daily ..."
- See
red yeast rice at Amazon.com
and
Mega Twin EPA at Amazon.com.
Prostate Cancer Hormone Therapy: No Survival Benefit in Older Men - WebMD,
7/8/08 - "In the U.S., older men often opt for
stand-alone hormone therapy, even though
there's no proof that it really helps. Hormone therapy's most obvious side
effect is sexual dysfunction. Of greater concern are several recent studies
linking androgen deprivation therapies to diabetes, heart disease, bone
fractures, and reduced muscle mass ... Now a new study strongly suggests that
hormone therapy offers older men no benefit to justify these serious risks"
- [Science
Daily]"
Resveratrol May Prevent Breast Cancer - WebMD, 7/7/08 -
"when the body's system for processing estrogen gets out
of balance, dangerous estrogen metabolites appear. These toxic compounds react
with DNA in breast cells and jump-start the
growth of tumors ..."
- [Science
Daily] - See
resveratrol products at Amazon.com.
Vitamin D Deficiency and Chronic Migraine - Medscape, 7/7/08 -
 ...
40.7% of patients with chronic migraine were deficient in 25-hydroxyvitamin D.
The study also showed that the longer individuals had chronic
migraine, the more likely they were to be
vitamin D deficient" - See
vitamin D at Amazon.com.
Green tea's heart benefits gain support - Nutra USA, 7/7/08 -
"Regular consumption of
green tea may improve the function of endothelial cells - cells lining the
walls of blood vessels - and boost
cardiovascular health, according to new research from Greece" - [Abstract]
- See
green tea extract at Amazon.com.
Interval Training May Beat Mild Exercise at Taming Metabolic Syndrome -
WebMD, 7/7/08 - "aerobic interval
training -- in which people push their heart
rate almost to its limits briefly, followed by a more moderate pace, several
times during a workout -- may be even better at reining in
metabolic syndrome"
Schizophrenia Linked To Dysfunction In Molecular Brain Pathway Activated By
Marijuana - Science Daily, 7/7/08 - "The use of
marijuana in individuals with
schizophrenia appears to worsen this
deficit in GABA synthesis"
Some Seek Guidelines to Reflect Vitamin D's Benefits - washingtonpost.com,
7/4/0 - "A flurry of recent research indicating that
Vitamin D may have a dizzying array of health
benefits has reignited an intense debate over whether federal guidelines for the
"sunshine vitamin" are outdated, leaving millions unnecessarily vulnerable to
cancer, heart disease, diabetes and other ailments"
Vitamin D Status During Pregnancy Affects Baby's Dental Health - Doctor's
Guide, 7/3/08 - [Science
Daily] - "Low maternal
vitamin D levels during pregnancy may affect
primary tooth calcification, leading to enamel defects, which are a risk factor
for early childhood tooth decay"
Resveratrol, Found In Red Wine, Wards Off Effects Of Age On Heart, Bones, Eyes
And Muscle - Science Daily, 7/3/08 - " - See
resveratrol products at Amazon.com.
Lycopene as effective as statins for artery health: rabbit study - Nutra
USA, 7/3/08 - "The results of our experiment in the
high-fat diet rabbit model showed that lycopene
and fluvastatin lowered
serum levels of total cholesterol and LDL-cholesterol, improved lipid
metabolism, and reduced the amount of triacylglycerols ... ... These
findings provide a theoretical rationale for the use of lycopene as a preventive
in atherosclerosis" - [Abstract]
- See
Jarrow Lyco-Sorb (contains Lyco-O-Mato) at Amazon.com.
Looking
For The Founatain:
Fountain
of youth? Red wine gives up secrets - MSNBC, 7/3/08 -
"Most of mice given resveratrol did not live
longer than other mice but were far more healthy in several important measures"
- See
resveratrol products at Amazon.com.
Benefits
Of Green Tea In Reducing An Important Risk Factor For Heart Disease -
Science Daily, 7/2/08 - [WebMD]
- " - See
green tea extract at Amazon.com.
Broccoli May Cut Prostate Cancer Risk - WebMD, 7/1/08 - [Science
Daily] -
"men who regularly ate
broccoli showed more changes in gene expression suggestive of a reduced risk
of cancer"
YouTube
Kowalski interview (3 minutes) - Author of
The
New 8 Week Cholesterol Cure (Paperback)
Abstracts from this week's
Doctor's Guide Nutrition/Dietetics
plus abstracts from my RSS feeds (Click here
for the journals, the PubMed ones at the top):
The
acute effect of green tea consumption on endothelial function in healthy
individuals - Eur J Cardiovasc Prev Rehabil. 2008 Jun;15(3):300-5 -
"Flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) ... FMD increased
significantly with tea (by 3.69%, peak at 30 min, P<0.02), whereas it did not
change significantly with caffeine (increase by 1.72%, peak at 30 min, P=NS) ...
Green tea consumption has an acute beneficial effect on endothelial function,
assessed with FMD of the brachial artery, in healthy individuals. This may be
involved in the beneficial effect of tea on cardiovascular risk" - See
green tea extract"
Effect of irbesartan on erectile function in patients with hypertension and
metabolic syndrome - Int J Impot Res. 2008 Jul 3 - "Erectile
function increased significantly (P<0.0001) after 6 months of treatment with
irbesartan, irrespective of dosage and independent of additional treatment with
hydrochlorothiazide. Prevalence of ED declined to 63.7% from 78.5% at baseline,
along with a significant increase in orgasmic function (P<0.001) and intercourse
satisfaction (P<0.001). Treatment with irbesartan alone, as well as in
combination with hydrochlorothiazide is associated with an improvement of sexual
desire, frequency of sexual contacts and erectile function in hypertensive
patients with the metabolic syndrome. These results suggest a beneficial role of
angiotensin receptor antagonists
in the treatment of
metabolic syndrome, and ED"
- Note: I've been suggesting telmisartan (an ARB) for some time as the
first line treatment for
hypertension. See telmisartan at
OffshoreRX.
Comparison of lycopene and fluvastatin effects on atherosclerosis induced by a
high-fat diet in rabbits - Nutrition. 2008 Jun 26 -
"Compared with the control, levels of total cholesterol, total triacylglycerol,
low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, malonaldehyde, oxidized low-density
lipoprotein, and interleukin-1 were increased and total antioxidant capacity and
nitric oxide were decreased in the animals with a high-fat diet (P < 0.05).
Intragastric administration of lycopene counteracted the change in these
parameters (P < 0.05). In this case, the data showed that lycopene in the used
dose was better than the fluvastatin intervention. Morphologic analysis revealed
that lycopene and
fluvastatin markedly
reduced the formation of atherosclerotic plaques in the aorta compared with the
situation in rabbits on a high-fat diet alone ... Lycopene, like fluvastatin,
significantly attenuated atherogenesis in rabbits fed a high-fat diet" -
See
Jarrow Lyco-Sorb (contains Lyco-O-Mato) at Amazon.com.
Neat Tech Stuff :
Supplement Focus (Melatonin):
General Melatonin Information:
Melatonin News & Research:
Melatonin Abstracts:Kareena Kapoor refuses to smooch Ajay Devgn`. This was a romantic song filmed between Kareena and Ajay Devgn and Jha consciously felt the need of a smooching scene would bring authenticity to the plot but Mrs. Kareena Kapoor Khan refused.
.
Later, Prakash Jha had to delete this kissing scene.
Post marriage, Saif Ali Khan and Kareena Kapoor has maintained a no-kissing clause. Kareena made a stance that neither she nor her husband Saif Ali Khan will kiss on-screen..
Kareena Kapoor was approached to lock-lips with Emraan Hashmi in Ekta Kapoor’s next but the diva made it clear that she will never kiss in movies. Few days back, when a script was narrating to Saif and the film demands a kissing scene, Kareena who was also present during the narration totally put her disapproval on the scene.
She claimed if she will not kiss on-screen then why Saif will do the same. Convinced with his wife’s point, Saif asked the writers to drop the scene and rework on the script.
Both Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan have locked lips on-screen. The actress has smooched Akshay Kumar in ‘Kambakhqt Ishq’ while Saif kissed Deepika in ‘Love Aaj Kaal’.
When Bebo was asked whether her life has changed after marriage, she replied, “This 'life changes after marriage' is a myth. Look, Saif and I were together even before we got married. I was in a live-in relationship with him. Marriage was something I needed to strengthen the bond. Moreover, Saif is my best friend too. He understands me perfectly. We were in love, we are in love, and we shall remain in love. Inshallah”.
Apart from no-kissing policy, post marriage, Kareena has made another strict no-clause. She would never dance in any weddings as Saif and her father Randhir Kapoor dislikes the idea. She said “Yes. Saif and my father (Randhir) were not comfortable with the idea. Also, there is no need for me to dance at weddings. Life is not just about money”.No formally prescribed text but recommended texts include:
Bartlett, R. Introduction to Sports Biomechanics: Analysing Human Movement Patterns: Taylor & Francis 2007
Enoka, R. M. Neuromechanics of Human Movement, 3rd edn: Human Kinetics Books 2002
Winter, D. A. Biomechanics and Motor Control of Human Movement: John Wiley & Sons 2005
Lieber, R. L. Skeletal Muscle Structure and Function: Implications for Rehabilitation and Sports Medicine: Williams & Wilkins 1992
CRICOS Code: 00126G
Last updated:Tuesday, 28 October, 2014 3:22 PM
Website Feedback:handbook@uwa.edu.auLanguage:
02 July 2012
NEWS ARTICLE
Photo: Robert GhementTeamwork
The Davis Cup by BNP Paribas Africa Zone Group III event got under way on Monday as host nation Tunisia opened their campaign with a comprehensive 3-0 victory over Zimbabwe in Pool A.
Mohamed Abid got the ball rolling for Tunisia, overcoming Benjamin Lock 63 63, which paved the way for Slim Hamza to seal the tie by defeating Mark Fynn 62 61 in just 57 minutes.
Hamza then teamed up with Anis Ghorbel to cap an excellent day for the home team, winning the doubles rubber 63 62 against Fynn and Tendai Tapfuma to complete the whitewash victory.
The result puts Tunisia in the driving seat in their round-robin group after the other Pool A tie saw Namibia triumph 2-1 over Ghana, courtesy of a vital doubles win for Tukhula Jacobs and Jean Erasmus.
Jacobs started the day with a 60 63 victory against Enock Godi, but Henry Adjei-Darko drew Ghana level by hammering Erasmus 61 61. The final say went to Jacobs and Erasmus as they beat Adjei-Darko and Raymond Hayford 64 61.
There wins for Ivory Coast and Benin in Pool B on Monday. Ivory Coast outlasted Algeria 2-1 in the deciding doubles rubber and Benin ran out comfortable 3-0 winners against Kenya.
Valentin Sanon was the hero for Ivory Coast as he won two matches to help his team over the line against Algeria, while Tunde Segodo achieved the same feat for Benin in their one-sided clash with Kenya.
The Africa Zone Group III event was scheduled to have nine teams, but the late withdrawal of Nigeria caused the format to be changed slightly and, in turn, the schedule has also been amended.
The round-robin ties will now take place from Monday to Wednesday with teams then having a rest day on Thursday. The play-offs are being held on the last day of competition, Friday.
The promotion play-offs see the winner of Pool A face the runner-up of Pool B, and vice versa, with the two prevailing nations taking their place in Europe/Africa Zone Group II next season.
Click here to view more information about the event, including full results.
Tunisia
v
Zimbabwe
2-2 Jul 2012
View details
Namibia
v
Ghana
2-2 Jul 2012
View details
Cote D'Ivoire
v
Algeria
2-2 Jul 2012
View details
Kenya
v
Benin
2-2 Jul 2012
View[ Yale School of Music ]
Pages
Faculty
Alumni
Video
Archives
- About the School
- About this Site
- Admissions
- Alumni
- Alumni Magazine
- alumniVentures
- Annual Fund
- Submit Your News
- Transcripts & Dossiers
- Update Your Info
- Alumni Contact Info
- Commencement
- Commencement RSVP
- Community
- Hire a Music Teacher
- Hire Performers
- Music In Schools
- All-City Honors Ensembles
- Be a Teaching Artist
- Morse Academy
- Our Stories
- Share Your Experience
- Symposium on Music in Schools
- Visiting Faculty
- Young Artists Solo Showcase
- Concert Hall Schedule
- Concerts
- Become a Patron
- Brochure 2013–14
- Buy Tickets
- Concert Calendar
- Concert Series
- Ellington Jazz Series
- Faculty Artist Series
- Guitar Extravaganza 2014
- Horowitz Piano Series
- New Music New Haven
- Oneppo Chamber Series
- Student Performances
- Yale in New York
- Yale Opera
- Yale Philharmonia
- Concerts at the Collection
- Concerts FAQ
- Events
- For Visitors
- Iseman Met Opera Broadcasts
- Master Classes & Lectures
- Photo Request Form
- Student Tickets
- Subscribe
- Ticketing Policies
- Venues
- Watch & Listen
- YPG PASIC Program
- Faculty Portal
- Giving
- Honors Banquet
- Housing
- News
- Resources
- Beinecke Rare Book & Manuscript Library
- Center for Studies in Music Technology
- Collection of Musical Instruments
- Digital Media Center for the Arts
- Gilmore Music Library
- Music Campus
- Oral History of American Music
- Overview
- Recording Studio
- Schedule a Visit
- Sprague Hall
- Students
- Academic Calendar
- Academic Policies
- Exams & Auditions
- Living Expense Survey
- Media Release Forms
- New Students
- Opening Week
- Philharmonia Policies
- Recitals
- Room Sign Up: 320 Temple
- Student Employment
- Student Handbook 2013–14
- Student Services
- Submit Your News
- Summer Survey 2015
- Study
- Campus Life
- Career Strategies
- Community Engagement
- Contact & Visit
- Degrees & Programs
- Artist Diploma
- B.A./M.M.
- Certificate in Performance
- Chamber Music
- Composition
- Conducting
- Doctor of Musical Arts
- Electives
- Guitar
- Harp
- Harpsichord
- Hearing
- Master of Music
- Master of Musical Arts
- Music History & Theory
- Organ
- Percussion
- Performing Ensembles
- Piano
- Strings
- Voice
- Winds & Brass
- Department of Music
- Digital Portfolios
- Financial Aid
- Forms & Schedules
- Institute of Sacred Music
- International Students
- Meet our Faculty
- Meet our Students
- Music Lessons
- Practice Rooms
- Yale Students
- Twitter Test
- Visix Events
- Visix News
- Website Feedback
- Alumnus Douglas Knehans named Dean of the College-Conservatory of Music at University of Cincinnati
- Messiaen Centenary Celebration at Yale
- Guitar Chamber Music
- Peaceable Kingdom by Ingram Marshall featured at New Music New Haven
- Ransom Wilson, world-renowned flutist, performs with pianist Ken Noda
- Sarita Kwok: DMA Recital
- Lunchtime Chamber Music
- Turangalîla Symphony at Carnegie Hall garners rave reviews
- Tokyo String Quartet returns to New Haven
- Qingdao Symphony Orchestra presents Chinese New Year concert
- Peter Oundjian, Yale professor and music director of the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, conducts the Philharmonia
- Yale Opera: Fledermaus Gallery, 2008
- alumniVentures to “advance the cause of music”
- Shizuo Kuwahara ’01MM wins 2008 Solti Competition
- Ilya Poletaev wins Grieg Competition in Florida
- Yale announces 2009 Symposium on Music in Schools
- “Love and Separation” with tenor James Taylor
- Pierre Réach performs Bach’s Goldberg Variations
- Sebastian Zubieta, composer, featured in DMA recital
- Daedalus Quartet: Haydn, Mendelssohn, and Carter
- Nicholas McGegan: “Celebration of Four Masters”
- Yale in NY offers piano music for four and six hands
- Tour de France with Ole Akahoshi & Elizabeth Parisot
- Yale University to host trumpeter Wynton Marsalis
- Wendy Sharp performs chamber music for strings
- Memorial concert to honor Jesse Levine
- Award-winning Jasper Quartet performs Mozart, Bartók, Schumann
- Yale Opera presents a new production of Mozart’s The Magic Flute
- Music program hits high notes
- “Madcap, Red Priest, and Angel” offers Baroque program at the Collection of Musical Instruments
- Malcolm Bilson inaugurates new fortepiano at YSM
- Share the Music comes to city schools (originally published in the Yale Daily News)
- New Music New Haven features Aaron Jay Kernis
- Yale harmonizes music and literacy in local schools
- Yale Guitar Extravaganza VI: From Baroque to Electric
- Music on a Snowy Day
- Composer Andrew Norman wins Berlin Prize
- Woolsey Hall Concerto Competition offers an exciting mix of performers
- Wei-Yi Yang performs Messiaen, Bach, and others on Horowitz Piano Series
- April opens with Lunchtime Chamber Music
- Three works selected for the Yale Institute for Music Theatre
- Yale Announces Appointment of Conductor Masaaki Suzuki
- New Music New Haven features Martin Bresnick’s multimedia, anti-war piece Caprichos Enfáticos
- Beverly Shangkuan ’10MM wins national choral conducting competition
- Yale Club of Taipei presents its first public concert
- Chelsea Chen ’09AD awarded 2009 Lili Boulanger Memorial Prize
- Gallery: Highlights from the Guitar Extravaganza
- Pianists Amy Yang and Andrea Lam to compete in the Cliburn Competition
- Jane Ira Bloom to perform on Yale’s Ellington Jazz Series
- Yale Opera: The Magic Flute, 2009
- Yale Opera begins rehearsals for spring double-bill
- “Senior” by Timo Andres ’09MM premieres at Carnegie Hall
- Nash Ensemble to perform music for clarinet, horn, strings, and piano
- Yale Opera offers two evenings of one-act operas by Massenet and Walton
- Emanuel Ax to serve as Visiting Professor of Piano
- Syoko Aki appointed Coordinator of Strings
- Aldo Parisot and the Grammy-nominated Yale Cellos perform music for cello ensemble
- Winners of the 2009 Woolsey Concerto Competition Announced
- From the Archives: Vladimir de Pachmann’s all-Chopin recital at the Yale School of Music
- Lunchtime Chamber Music in Sprague Hall
- New Music New Haven: Yale Percussion Group performs David Lang
- YSM students and graduates win positions
- Tirro’s The Birth of the Cool published
- Berman offers poetic recital on April 23
- Chamber Music Society presents competition winners
- Chad Burrow ’01MM appointed professor of clarinet at University of Michigan
- An evening of Italian songs by Yale Opera
- Music at Yale magazine now available online
- From the Archives: Composer David Stanley Smith
- Yale Institute for Music Theatre attracts media attention
- Aldo Parisot and the Yale Cellos in the news
- Season Finale: Yale Philharmonia plays Rachmaninoff, Strauss, Ravel
- YSM students successful in 2009 Koussevitzky Young Artists Awards
- Yale/New Haven Young Artist Solo Competition
- Yale Cellos Gallery
- John Mangan ’94MM appointed Vice President & Dean of Curtis Institute of Music
- Julian Pellicano ’09MM appointed to faculty at Longy
- From the Archives: Coolidge Quartet performs at Yale in November, 1936
- Violinist Nicholas DiEugenio ’08AD appointed Assistant Professor at Ithaca College
- Bo Li ’09MM to be principal viola of Atlanta Opera
- Cellist Dmitri Atapine earns awards, faculty appointment
- Commencement Concert Toasts the Class of 2009
- Music and Film Project with local schools premieres two movies
- Yale ensembles win silver, bronze medals in Fischoff Competition
- John Sipher ’08MM appointed principal trombone of Syracuse Symphony
- Lucia Brawley to give keynote address
- School of Music welcomes 100 new students for next year
- David Kurtz ’80MM garners three Emmy nominations
- YSM students perform at the Kennedy Center
- Yale School of Music Commencement to stream live
- YSM students perform at Summer Music Sundays
- From the Archives: New York Phil at Yale in 1922
- Andrea Lam ’04AD reaches Van Cliburn semifinals
- Toshi Shimada appointed music director of Eastern Connecticut Symphony Orchestra
- Music in Schools program featured on Channel 3 WFSB “Cool Schools” segment
- Dan Trahey heads to Venezuela to study El Sistema
- William Westney ’76DMA named Hans Christian Andersen Guest Professor at the University of Southern Denmark (Odense) for 2009-10
- Violist Ettore Causa appointed to YSM faculty
- Sō Percussion receives grant from Chamber Music America
- Collection of Musical Instruments names two conservators
- Student prizes awarded at YSM Annual Dinner
- 2009 Commencement photos now online
- Educators honored and challenged at Second Symposium on Music in Schools
- From the Archives: Historic Norfolk
- Events for New Students
- Paul Hawkshaw appointed deputy dean
- Stephen Adams ’59 to receive Yale Medal
- Celebrating the King of Swing: A Festival for Benny Goodman’s 100th Birthday
- Bigger Than Life: Big Band Music of Benny Goodman
- Luthier Andrew Dipper offers talk on Stradivari
- Jeremy Grall ’99MM appointed to faculty at University of Alabama
- Block Party for new Yale students Sunday, Sep. 13
- New biography of oboist Robert Bloom
- Ted Hearne ’09MMA wins Gaudeamus Prize
- Ed Parks ’08MM to debut at the Met
- Don Byron pays tribute to Benny Goodman
- Fall Opera Scenes announced
- Mezzo-soprano Janna Baty makes faculty artist recital debut
- Pianist Wei-Yi Yang to perform Chopin and Scriabin
- David Shifrin on Leonard Lopate Show
- New Music New Haven features composer Bernard Rands
- Season’s first Lunchtime Chamber Music Oct. 14
- Florilegium opens the concert season at the Collection of Musical Instruments
- Tokyo String Quartet to perform Haydn, Beethoven, and Bartok
- Igor Pikayzen wins first prize in Wronski Competition
- Saxophone Summit brings together six stellar saxophonists
- Yale Percussion Group wins PAS Competition
- Jasper Quartet performs Haydn, Auerbach, and Smetana
- YSM launches new Community Engagement Think Tanks
- Organist Brian Harlow performs music from Bach to the present day
- Yale Philharmonia to perform Mahler’s Symphony No. 4
- Yale Opera announces spring repertoire
- Guitarist, lutenist John Schneiderman at Collection of Musical Instruments
- Alfred Brendel lecture with musical examples
- Fall Opera Scenes: the plots
- East Coast premiere of new Aaron Jay Kernis symphony
- Yale to host National Collegiate Choral Organization conference
- Composer John Adams to lecture on campus Oct 28-29
- Alumni success in San Antonio International Piano Competition
- Wendy Sharp in Sunday afternoon recital Nov. 15
- Imani Winds performs with Jasper String Quartet
- New Music New Haven 11/19 features composer Jack Vees
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs experimental music of the 17th century
- Poet, translator Peter Cole to give pre-concert talk
- Members of the Berlin Philharmonic to work with YSM students
- Yo-Yo Ma premieres cello concerto by Angel Lam ’10AD
- Obituary: Isabelle DeWitt, first editor of Music at Yale Magazine
- Thomas C. Duffy & Stephanie Hubbard honored for “Rap for Justice”
- Paintings by music professor Richard Lalli and other faculty
- Chamber Music Society at Yale presents Bach’s Six Brandenburg Concertos in one evening
- New Music for Orchestra Dec. 11 features music by David Lang
- Stephen Adams ’59 awarded Yale Medal
- Four Yale Opera singers join Waterbury Symphony Orchestra in Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony
- Japanese translation of Boris Berman’s book released
- YSM students and alumni perform alongside Chicago’s Fifth House Ensemble
- Vista program to illuminate music by Kodaly, Haas, Schubert
- Pianists Peter Frankl and Wei-Yi Yang pair up in Schumann and Debussy program
- Lunchtime Chamber Music December 9
- Yale Opera’s Liederabend offers evening of German song
- Premiere of Give, a new work by Benjamin Verdery
- New Britain Symphony tribute to Jesse Levine
- Alumni Spotlight: Robert Stevenson ’39MM
- Michael Compitello ’09MM receives Fulbright
- Grammy nominations for Yale alumni
- Recording of David Lang’s The Little Match Girl Passion nominated for Grammy
- New endowment fund for Oral History of American Music project
- Martin Jean reappointed as Director of ISM
- John Miller ’07MM and students featured on WTNH-8
- Marianna Prjevalskaya ’10AD wins Jose Roca International Piano Competition
- Wendy Sharp and guests perform chamber music for strings, including Schoenberg’s sextet Verklärte Nacht
- Peter Oundjian to conduct Yale Philharmonia Jan. 22
- Yale Opera presents a master class with Alan Held
- Idil Biret, sensational Turkish pianist specializing in Romantic music, performs in Sprague Hall
- New book on C.P.E. Bach from Markus Rathey
- “Superb” early music ensemble Sarasa performs at Collection of Musical Instruments
- Ole Akahoshi and Elizabeth Parisot offer a program of Bach, Brahms, Barber, and Schnittke
- Tokyo String Quartet in Chamber Music Society’s first concert of the New Year
- Brazilian pianist Luiz de Moura Castro offers lecture-recital on Villa-Lobos
- Ilya Poletaev and friends perform a tribute to George Enescu
- Composer Ryan Vigil presents two extended works in January 21 recital
- Benjamin Verdery, guitar, performs Bach and Albéniz alongside music of Yale faculty composers
- Yale Brass Trio performs works from Renaissance motets to the Baroque to Argentine tango
- Help Can’t Wait: Yale offers benefit concert for Haiti on Monday, Jan. 18
- Obituary: Professor Emeritus Donald Currier, 91
- New Music New Haven features Martin Bresnick’s piano trio alongside music by student composers
- Yale Opera announces casting for The Marriage of Figaro
- Cellist Dmitri Atapine presents February 11 recital
- Composer, CSMT director Jack Vees highlighted in Yale Alumni Magazine
- Tina Lee Hadari ’04MM to discuss chamber music as public service
- Yale in New York series offers a preview of Prokofiev Rediscovered: premieres and rarities
- Peter Frankl offers a recital of Chopin and Schumann to honor the bicentennial year of the two Romantic composers
- Yale School of Music debuts high-definition video streaming
- Grammy Awards for David Lang, Sharon Isbin, Marin Alsop
- Oscar Nominations for Yale graduates
- Ilya Poletaev discusses George Enescu on WSHU
- Lunchtime Chamber Music at Yale February 10
- Yale Percussion Group brings its electric energy to Sprague Hall February 20
- Orion String Quartet performs Bach, Beethoven, and Kirchner
- Yale Philharmonia offers four 20th-century works for chamber orchestra in Sprague Hall Feb. 26-27
- Harpsichordist Linda Skernick offers an all-Bach program at the Collection of Musical Instruments
- Vista program offers a fresh look at chamber music by Shostakovich, Piazzolla, and Brahms
- Yale’s Friends of Music Undergraduate Competition presents its two winners in Sudler Hall February 21
- New Music New Haven features an extended piano quartet by Aaron Jay Kernis
- Violist Ettore Causa makes Faculty Artist Series debut
- New CD from faculty composer Ingram Marshall
- Yale Percussion Group performs at the Kennedy Center Monday, March 1
- Boris Berman plays Debussy’s 24 Preludes on March 31
- Faculty Artist Series presents Kyung Hak Yu, Elizabeth Parisot, and Ole Akahoshi March 26
- New Music New Haven features guest composer and Yale graduate Tom Johnson in April 1 concert
- Yale Baroque Ensemble illuminates the brilliant Italianate trio sonata from Corelli to Vivaldi in March 28 concert
- Voices of American Music concert pays tribute to the Oral History of American Music project on its 40th anniversary
- Yale Institute for Music Theatre announces 2010 summer workshop selections
- Conducting fellows Farkhad Khudyev, Adrian Slywotzky lead Yale Philharmonia in symphonies by Bizet and Mendelssohn
- Amphion Quartet wins awards at the Plowman Chamber Music Competition
- Yale Opera to present a double bill of Bizet’s La Tragédie de Carmen and Stravinsky’s Le Rossignol on April 16 and 17
- The Yale Cellos perform April 20 under the direction of Aldo Parisot
- Anton Kuerti, “the best pianist currently playing,” in Horowitz Series recital April 21
- “Home Grown on Common Ground” concert features local stars
- Spanish edition of Boris Berman’s book released, translated by Hector Sanchez ’04DMA
- Yale Jazz Ensemble performs at “Jazz Under the Stars” benefit concert on April 12
- Internationally acclaimed Aulos Ensemble performs at the Yale Collection of Musical Instruments April 18
- New Music New Haven features faculty composer Ezra Laderman and his “Nonet of the Night” April 22
- Soloists from Yale School of Music compete in public to perform with the Philharmonia next season
- Lunchtime Chamber Music at Center for British Art April 14
- Igor Pikayzen ’11MM selected as finalist for King Award
- Three YSM graduate composers win Morton Gould/ASCAP awards
- Yale Opera announces casting for spring operas
- Salzburg’s “Breathtaking” Hagen Quartet performs at the Yale School of Music on April 27
- Concert of chamber & solo music composed and coached by Krzysztof Penderecki
- Joseph Mikolaj ’10MM wins the Solo Competition of the Oratorio Society of New York
- Penderecki Conducts Penderecki: The master of contemporary music leads the Yale Philharmonia
- Winners of the 2010 Woolsey Hall Concerto Competition Announced
- Yale School of Music presents winning performances of chamber music in May 4 concert
- Yale Opera’s Liederabend offers an evening of French song
- U.S. premiere of Verdery’s Give, dedicated to Ted Kennedy, featured in May 5 Guitar Chamber Music concert
- YSM’s Charis Piano Trio wins strings prize at Coleman Competition
- Renowned early music performer Robert Mealy directs a period performance of Italian and German concertos and sinfonias
- Yale’s last Lunchtime Chamber Music concert of the year at Sprague Hall May 5
- Program Update: Baroque chamber orchestra to perform suites from Telemann’s Tafelmusik
- Photos: Krzysztof Penderecki in rehearsal with the Yale Philharmonia
- Sixth International Hugo Kauder Competition to take place June 11, Winners’ Concert June 12
- Third Annual Yale/New Haven Young Artists Solo Competition to take place May 8
- Bassoonist Scott Switzer ’10 to perform in the Conservatory Project at the Kennedy Center
- Albany Records releases disc of string quartets by Ezra Laderman
- Exhibit of New Yorker covers will explore the ‘Lighter Side of Music’
- First Annual JC Music Solo Competition
- Birthday concert from violinist Wendy Sharp features new works and Mendelssohn’s Octet
- New CD, “Shy and Mighty,” from alum Timo Andres
- Derrick Wang ’08MM wins BMI Student Composer Award for short opera
- Yale quartets share first prize in 2010 Hugo Kauder Competition
- Walking tours of Yale’s historic Collection of Musical Instruments
- Yale Institute for Music Theatre announces casting for public readings June 25 & 26
- Jasper Quartet to appear at Caramoor
- Composer David Kurtz ’80MM wins two Emmy Awards
- “If you arrange it, they will listen”: a talk by Benjamin Verdery
- Online Schumann exhibit launches
- Martin Bresnick featured composer at Music10
- Piano alumni find success in summer competitions
- More success from YSM pianists
- Wall Street Journal spotlights Musicorps
- Vivian Perlis announces retirement from Oral History of American Music project
- New Morse Summer Academy gets underway at the School of Music
- YSM student & alumni composers and Project 440
- Meet YSM at upcoming admissions fairs
- Morse Summer Music Academy in full swing
- Four YSM composers advance in Project440
- Yale Philharmonia opens season on September 24 with pianist Peter Frankl in Beethoven’s Fourth Piano Concerto
- Up-and-coming baritone Edward Parks, on the roster of the Metropolitan Opera, performs Schubert’s Winterreise Sep. 27
- Tokyo String Quartet opens 2010-11 Chamber Music Society season Sep. 28 with Schubert, Webern, and Mozart
- Slideshow: Academic Convocation September 2
- New Music New Haven opens the 2010-11 season with featured composer Christopher Theofanidis
- Linden Quartet kicks off its Yale School of Music residency with a diverse concert on October 10
- Two YSM composers selected in Round Two of Project440
- Composer Robinson McClellan featured in DMA recital of vocal works and music for bagpipes September 30
- Home Grown Stars: Yale’s Ellington Program honors performing arts schools in a free concert October 1
- Ensemble Caprice to explore Bach and the Baroque Gypsies at the Collection of Musical Instruments
- Grad Night with the Yale Philharmonia Friday, Sep. 24
- So Percussion joins the faculty at Bard Conservatory
- Renowned violinist Brian Lewis helps Yale School of Music students become teaching artists
- Saturday Seminars for 2010-11 kick off September 25
- Help Can’t Wait: Pakistan Relief Benefit Concert this Saturday, Sept. 25 at 7pm
- Yale in New York opens season at (Le) Poisson Rouge
- Boris Berman and Eteri Andjaparidze join together in an evening of Schumann piano duos October 13
- Frederick Teardo gives a DMA recital of Franck, Elgar, and more on Woolsey Hall’s incomparable Newberry Organ
- Applications open for alumniVentures
- Premiere of chamber opera by composition student Hannah Lash
- Live broadcasts of the Metropolitan Opera to debut at Yale thanks to a gift from Frederick Iseman ’74
- Guest conductor Peter Oundjian leads the Yale Philharmonia in an evening of Russian music October 22
- Yale Opera announces spring repertoire and two international appearances
- Rising stars of Yale Opera offer two evenings of opera scenes in Sprague Hall October 29 and 30
- New Music New Haven features guest composer David Felder
- Robert Blocker reappointed Dean of the School of Music
- Benjamin Verdery and other Yale guitarists play guitar music by Yale composers, including five world premieres
- Faculty violinist Wendy Sharp joined by pianist Joel Wizansky in November 7 recital
- Faculty Artists perform the two piano trios of Franz Schubert November 2
- Harpsichordist Adam Pearl to make his New Haven debut at the Yale Collection of Musical Instruments November 7
- Ellington Jazz Series presents the second “Homegrown on Common Ground” Concert November 12
- Emil Khudyev ’11MM awarded prize from Tanglewood
- Pianist Wei-Yi Yang performs in recital November 10
- Yale School of Music’s Lunchtime Chamber Music concerts continue in Sprague Hall November 17
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs “Nuove musiche”: seventeenth-century masterpieces from Italy and Germany
- Andrew Norman ’09AD among four winners of Orpheus Project 440
- Shinik Hahm leads the Yale Philharmonia in two works of Richard Strauss and the Fourth Symphony of Brahms on Thursday, November 18
- Linden String Quartet wins Concert Artists Guild Competition
- Music for dance and film by faculty composer David Lang
- Yale Concert Band & Yale Jazz Ensemble bring Cole Porter and Glenn Miller back to life
- Veterans Day Ceremony on Thursday, Nov. 11 at 12 pm
- Tickets for “Don Giovanni” on sale Oct. 29
- Margaret Carey ’07MM, ’08AD wins First Prize in 2010 Alexander & Buono International String Competition
- Saturday Seminar Nov. 6: How Does Community Engagement Fit Into Your Career Path?
- Boris Berman conducts video conference master class with students in Australia
- Arts Journal profiles faculty composer Christopher Theofanidis
- Special event offers music of Paul Hindemith before his Yale years
- Pianist Hung-Kuan Chen, visiting faculty at Yale School of Music, performs Chopin, Liszt, Ravel, Scriabin December 1
- Timberbrit, opera by Jacob Cooper ’10MMA, at Incubator Arts Project
- Yale Institute for Music Theater announces 2011 dates, guidelines
- Vivian Perlis named Educator of the Year by Musical America
- Star piano quartet OPUS ONE gives East Coast premiere of a Lowell Liebermann piece, plus music of Mozart and Schumann
- Rising stars of Yale Opera present an evening of Russian song
- Yale Philharmonia features composer Martin Bresnick in concert of New Music for Orchestra Dec. 9
- Mingzhu Wang ’07MM wins flute division of Città di Chieri Competition
- Composer Augusta Read Thomas ’88MM appointed University Professor at U of Chicago
- Vista program offers a fresh look at chamber music by Mendelssohn, Shostakovich, Stravinsky, and Widmann
- 2010-11 alumniVentures winners announced
- Yale School of Music presents Chaos and Order: dance suites from the French baroque, December 6
- Yale Percussion Group plays high-energy program of Reich Sextet and more
- Live Streaming Brings Audiences to the Concert Hall
- On the Trail of Gottschalk
- Dantes Rameau ’07MM receives $25,000 AOL grant
- Soprano Janna Baty performs music from Rossini to Rands
- Yale Philharmonia offers Mahler, Berg, and Akiho’s new steel pan concerto January 21
- Smithsonian Chamber Players perform at Collection of Musical Instruments January 23
- Markus Rathey receives Scheide Research Grant
- Clara Yang ’06MM, ’07AD joins UNC faculty
- Rhonda Rider ’80MM is artist-in-residence at Grand Canyon National Park
- Violinist Wendy Sharp and friends perform music spanning three centuries
- YSM alums take part in Ecstatic Music Festival Marathon Mon. Jan. 17
- Ole Akahoshi and Elizabeth Parisot play cello sonatas of Beethoven and Schubert Jan. 31
- Peter Frankl continues his 75th birthday celebration with a recital of solo piano music by Beethoven and Bartók
- New Music New Haven features David Lang’s “Pierced”
- Tokyo String Quartet performs with violist Ettore Causa Feb. 8
- Slideshow: Yale Percussion Group in Sprague Hall
- Yale Opera presents an exciting new production of Mozart’s Don Giovanni Feb. 11 through 13
- Deceptive Cadence debates: does classical music need fixing?
- Lunchtime Chamber Music concerts continue Feb. 16
- In Memoriam: Dr. Regina Warner
- Yale School of Music features select graduate performers in Feb. 7 recital
- Yale Opera announces casting for DON GIOVANNI
- Joel Brennan gives a recital of 20th- and 21st-century trumpet music by Britten, Andriessen, and more
- Clarinetist Emil Khudyev ’11MM wins Vandoren Emerging Artist Award
- The latest student and alumni news
- Peter Oundjian to be music director of the Royal Scottish National Orchestra
- Emanuel Ax plays Schubert in Feb. 23 recital
- Yale Philharmonia offers rarely-performed 20th-century chamber concertos
- Linden Quartet, graduate quartet-in-residence, performs March 2
- Kavafian-Schub-Shifrin Trio plays trios by Mozart, Schumann, Milhaud, and Stravinsky
- Hando Nahkur ’06CERT, ’08MMA releases new CD to acclaim
- Elena Sorokina to lecture on Russian piano culture
- Yale Brass Trio plays Renaissance and contemporary music Feb. 22
- Vista concert offers a fresh look at chamber music
- La Viole Luthée: viola da gamba virtuoso Paolo Pandolfo performs at Collection Feb. 27
- Paul Jacobs ’02MM, ’03AD wins Grammy for Messiaen recording
- Dean Blocker among Central Conservatory honorees in Beijing
- Paul Badura-Skoda illuminates Mozart in March 3 master class
- In memoriam: Violinist and conductor Sidney Harth, former faculty member
- Four YSM composers among award recipients from American Academy of Arts and Letters
- Johanna Novom and Avi Stein perform at Collection of Musical Instruments Feb. 24
- Duo Atapine-Park Wins Second Prize at Vittorio Gui Competition
- Pianist Robert Blocker performs music from Scarlatti to Schwantner March 23
- Aaron Jay Kernis is DePauw University’s Composer-in-Residence for 2011
- Yale alumnae take part in Opera Boston’s Cardillac
- New Music New Haven features Ezra Laderman’s Piano Sonata No. 2
- Miró Quartet plays with Julie Landsman March 29
- Bo Li ’09MM appointed principal viola of Hong Kong Philharmonic
- Daewon Music Awards Grand Prize given to Hyo Kang
- Bruckner Society of America to award Joseph Kilenyi Medal of Honor to Paul Hawkshaw
- Slideshow: Yale Philharmonia at Carnegie Hall
- Peter Oundjian guest conducts the Yale Philharmonia in Mahler’s Fifth Symphony and more April 1
- Lunchtime Chamber Music in Sprague Hall March 30
- Violinist Sarita Kwok and pianist Jian Liu perform March 31
- RESCHEDULED: Pianist Boris Berman and violist Ettore Causa play Brahms and Schumann Mar. 26
- Faculty artist duo of Kyung Yu and Elizabeth Parisot performs March 25
- William Purvis appointed the Director of the Yale Collection of Musical Instruments
- Distinguished Music Educators announced for 2011 Symposium on Music in Schools
- Boris Berman plays Bach keyboard concertos April 6
- YSM guitarists perform at Norfolk’s Infinity Hall
- Paolo Pandolfo and Thomas Boysen present concert and master classes at Collection of Musical Instruments
- New Music New Haven features Pulitzer Prize-winning composer Yehudi Wyner April 14
- Yale Jazz Ensemble performs benefit concert at the John C. Daniels School on April 4
- Bach Collegium Japan performance March 26 to benefit earthquake relief in Japan
- Members of Bach Collegium Japan give master classes at Collection of Musical Instruments
- Saturday Seminar 3/26: Navigating New Media and Digital Rights
- Composers Aaron Jay Kernis and Martin Boykan elected to American Academy of Arts and Letters
- Two conductors, two Beethoven symphonies
- alumniVentures grant to Kim Perlak ’01MM keeps on giving
- Tokyo String Quartet and guests give a benefit concert for Japan April 11
- The Yale Cellos premiere a new work by Ezra Laderman and perform favorites from Bach to Brubeck on April 20
- Woolsey Hall Competition April 16 showcases promising graduate musicians
- Stylus Fantasticus: extravagant and experimental baroque sonatas at the Collection April 10
- Student Viewpoint: master class in natural trumpet
- Bach Collegium Japan gives master classes
- The Pleasure Garden: Concerti from Handel’s London
- Masaaki Suzuki gives a solo harpsichord recital at the Collection April 26
- New Music New Haven features the Pulitzer Prize-winning String Quartet No. 2 by Aaron Jay Kernis
- Grad Night with the Yale Philharmonia
- Yale Opera offers double bill of Purcell’s Dido and Aeneas and Hoiby’s The Scarf April 29 & 30
- Noble Piano Trio wins two prizes at Plowman Chamber Music Competition
- Springtime in Italy: Singers from Yale Opera perform Italian art songs May 2
- Linden String Quartet plays Schumann & Ravel April 29
- Dorothy and Nicholas Renouf play piano duets at the Collection May 1
- Concert features winning performances from annual chamber music competition
- Last Lunchtime Chamber Music concert of the season in Sprague Hall May 4
- The Yale Baroque Ensemble makes its Carnegie Hall debut April 25
- Cellist Jacques Wood gives a lecture-recital on historical performance and Beethoven May 5
- Results of 2011 Woolsey Competition announced
- Clarinet Kaleidoscope concert features David Shifrin with graduate students and alumni May 5
- Concert features Terry Riley’s In C and more May 4
- Yale Collection of Musical Instruments joins live streaming
- Linden Quartet concert at the Kennedy Center Apr. 27 will stream live
- Music in Schools Initiative continues to thrive
- Trombones sound on Friday the 13th
- Faculty appointments for Bruce Neswick ’80MM, Ilya Poletaev ’10DMA
- Premiere of new opera by alum Chris Cerrone ’10MMA
- Marianna Prjevalskaya wins Jaén Piano Competition
- Yale Percussion Group performs in New Haven and New York
- New edition of Prokofiev piano sonatas, edited by Boris Berman
- Xiaoxi Wu wins third place in International Mozart Competition
- Marc Daniel van Biemen ’10CERT wins position with Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra
- Kauder Competition for Voice on June 10 features four Yale participants
- Achilles Liarmakopoulos ’10MM joins Canadian Brass
- Mellasenah Indira Edwards ’91MM to Head Music Department at Baltimore School for the Arts
- Music and Book Writing Program Performs June 1 & 2
- Ryo Yanagitani ’08MMA appointed to faculty at University of British Columbia
- Keri McCarthy ’00MM Receives Fulbright
- Zachary Wadsworth ’07MM named a winner in King James Bible Composition Awards
- Duane Padilla ’99MM and his band win award from Hawaii Academy of Recording Arts
- YSM pianists win prizes in Montreal Competition
- Kendra James ’12MM wins Shean Strings Competition
- John Merrow to address distinguished educators at Symposium
- Esther Park ’12AD wins second prize in Ima Hogg Competition
- Two incoming pianists take home prizes in TSO Piano Competition
- Asking Good Questions: Dean Blocker’s Commencement Address
- Yale Institute for Music Theatre Announces 2011 Selections, Creative Teams, and Casting
- Michael Compitello on playing David Lang
- Conor Nelson ’05MM appointed to faculty at Bowling Green State University
- Getting ready to play
- Playing David Lang’s the so-called laws of nature
- Pedro de Alcantara ’81MM publishes fifth book
- Garth Neustadter ’12MM nominated for Emmy Award
- Morse Summer Music Academy begins second season
- Morses visit the Morse Academy
- Jacob Cooper ’10MMA wins Carlsbad Music Festival Composers Competition
- Jihoon Shin ’09MM wins National Flute Association Competition
- Hermelindo Ruiz ’12MM wins prize in Curso de Música de Santiago de Compostela
- Michael Yaffe on arts education
- Announcing a new ensemble, Yale Choral Artists
- Tokyo String Quartet premieres Jeffrey Ryan’s “Inspirare” Sep. 20
- Four YSM alums win CMS Two auditions
- From the Archives: Richard Storrs Willis
- Saturday Seminar Addresses the Future of Symphony Orchestras
- Yale Philharmonia opens its season with Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony
- Kyung Jun Kim ’09CERT wins third prize in Yokohama Competition
- Yoshi Onishi ’07MM, ’08AD wins Gaudeamus Prize
- Garth Neustadter ’12MM wins Emmy Award
- Aaron Hodgson performs contemporary trumpet music
- Pianist Greg Anderson performs music from Bach to Radiohead
- A Message from the Dean
- Boris Berman opens Horowitz Piano Series Oct. 5
- Faculty artists perform Yiddish cantata, Shostakovich, Beethoven, Schumann, de Falla
- Pianist Lucas Wong performs music of Berlioz and Crumb
- Jory Vinikour brings historical keyboards to life in Oct. 16 concert
- Violinist Brian Lewis performs Schumann, Milhaud, Avalon, and more Oct. 11
- “Passionate, uninhibited, and spellbinding” Brentano String Quartet performs Oct. 18
- Kandinsky comes to life in Oct. 19 performance by Mikhail Rudy
- Concert features music of David Lang Oct. 6
- Yale Philharmonia and Oundjian perform Bruch, Adams, Tchaikovsky Oct. 21
- Pianist Wing-Chong Kam plays Mozart, Brahms, Debussy, Chopin Oct. 20
- Yale Opera performs scenes from Bellini to Berlioz
- Memorial Concert for John Miller Oct. 30
- Willie Ruff, Whole Drum Truth headline Nov. 4 concert
- Kalichstein-Laredo-Robinson Trio performs music of three centuries Nov. 8
- Longtime duo of Kyung Yu and Elizabeth Parisot performs Nov. 2
- New Music New Haven features music of Martin Bresnick, Ingram Marshall Nov. 3
- Linden String Quartet opens second year of Yale residency with Oct. 31 concert
- Wendy Sharp performs music of Beethoven, Bielawa, and more
- Yale Brass Trio performs music from the Renaissance to Rachmaninoff
- Christian Lane ’08MM wins Canadian International Organ Competition
- Boston Museum Trio performs French & Baroque music at the Collection Nov. 13
- YSM alumni take home prizes in Concert Artists Guild Victor Elmaleh Competition
- David Shifrin and friends celebrate clarinet music in Nov. 15 recital
- YSM alumni invited to special event Nov. 15
- Lunchtime Chamber Music concerts Nov. 2 & 16
- Peter Frankl performs piano concertos on Horowitz Piano Series Nov. 16
- Jasper String Quartet receives Cleveland Quartet Award
- Yale Philharmonia performs with Shinik Hahm, Lindsay Garritson Nov. 17
- Tokyo String Quartet looks to future
- Video: Jazz Concert Preview
- Rubén Rodríguez to lead Music in Schools Initiative
- Jihoon Shin is Miyazawa’s Artist of the Month
- Solomon Liang and In Hwa Lee win Alexander & Buono String Competition
- Ettore Causa and Boris Berman perform Nov. 30
- Associate Dean Michael Yaffe to receive National Guild Service Award
- Guitarist Benjamin Verdery plays music by Yale composers Nov. 29
- Yale Opera announces two new productions for 2012
- “Vocal Britain” features music of Britten and Walton
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs at Collection Nov. 15
- Harp studio performs Dec. 3
- Michael Yaffe receives national award
- American Brass Quintet performs Dec. 6
- YSM pianists survey Prokofiev’s nine piano sonatas
- Updated program announced for Vocal Britain concerts
- Vista explores colorful range of chamber music Dec. 10
- Jazz pianist, arranger Toshiko Akiyoshi performs with her quartet Dec. 9
- Free Lunchtime Chamber Music concert Dec. 7
- Yale Philharmonia performs new music Dec. 8
- Yale Opera performs German art song Dec. 12
- Classical and Electric: Guitar Chamber Music Dec. 14
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs Dec. 4
- Clarinetist Mingzhe Wang gives DMA recital Dec. 15
- Patrick Quigley ’02MM receives two Grammy nominations
- CD featuring Yale alums becomes No. 1 featured classical album on iTunes
- Faculty appointments for YSM alumni
- Andy Akiho wins eighth blackbird’s composition contest
- BMOP names Andrew Norman ’09AD as new composer in residence
- Music Library opens Liszt exhibit
- Gig List Relaunches
- Photos: Yale in New York
- New semester opens with Tokyo String Quartet performance
- Pianist Wen-Yin Chan performs January 12th
- Yale Philharmonia performs Bruckner’s Third Symphony Jan. 13
- January 19th concert features music of Martin Suckling
- “Poetic” pianist Wei-Yi Yang performs Jan. 25
- Violinist Wendy Sharp & friends perform chamber music of France
- Faculty artists perform Brahms chamber music Jan. 31
- Sweet Honey in the Rock performs in Woolsey Hall Jan. 15
- January 26th concert features Matthew Barnson’s three violin sonatas
- Organs and Pianos at Yale, but No Dueling Keyboards
- New Music New Haven features Ezra Laderman’s Piano Sonata No. 5 on Feb. 2
- Hung-Kuan Chen performs the “Hammerklavier” and other Beethoven sonatas Feb. 8
- London Haydn Quartet performs with clarinetist Eric Hoeprich at the Collection Feb. 4 & 5
- Winds of France to serenade concertgoers Feb. 14
- Seventh Yale Guitar Extravaganza announces lineup
- Free Lunchtime Chamber Music concert Feb. 15
- Feb. 13 concert features music of Martin Bresnick
- Saturday Seminar to explore the role of technology
- New exhibit explores local 19th-century woodwind makers
- Yale Philharmonia pairs Haydn and Mahler Feb. 24
- Annie Rosen ’12MM wins Metropolitan Opera’s New England Regional Audition
- Amphion String Quartet to join CMS Two
- 75/100: Yale Percussion Group celebrates Steve Reich and John Cage
- William Christie leads the Yale Philharmonia in all-Handel concert
- Four Music Entrepreneurs: How do they do it?
- “Brilliant” pianist Yefim Bronfman performs virtuoso program at Yale Feb. 28
- NEW video: Così fan tutte preview
- Yale College Class of 1957 receives award
- Tubist Carol Jantsch to join YSM faculty
- Woolsey Competition to take place March 31
- Guitar Extravaganza announces lectures + panel discussions
- The role of technology in the field of classical music
- Wind faculty reunite with Keith Wilson
- YSM students participate in the Kennedy Center’s Conservatory Project 2012
- La Morra performs madrigals and more Feb. 26 at the Yale Collection of Musical Instruments
- New Music New Haven concert features solo works by Aaron Jay Kernis & Christopher Theofanidis
- Former YSM composers among Grammy winners
- Ryan Johnstone ’05 MM named Outstanding Young Bandmaster of the Year at TMEA
- About the performers for the Guitar Extravaganza
- Yale in New York presents De Profundis: music for low instruments
- Horowitz Piano Series closes season with Robert Blocker on March 21
- Jazz bassist Ron Carter brings his trio to Yale March 23
- St. Lawrence String Quartet performs Mozart, John Adams, and more April 3
- The Yale Cellos perform old favorites and new arrangements April 11
- Event brings alumni together April 17 in NYC
- Steve Reich featured in March 29 NMNH concert
- YSM composers among American Academy of Arts & Letters awardees
- March 28: So Percussion talks entrepreneurial marketing
- Conducting Fellows Lead the Philharmonia March 30
- Photos from Guitar Extravaganza 2012
- Finnish composer Kaija Saariaho featured in New Music New Haven concert April 12
- Yale Cellos: new video
- Yale Opera records Montemezzi’s L’amore dei tre re
- Reinis Zarins ’09CERT wins Great Latvian Music Award 2011
- Guest conductor Jahja Ling ’85DMA leads the Yale Philharmonia April 20
- Woolsey Hall Competition Announces Winners
- Photos of De Profundis
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs at the Collection Apr. 18
- Clive Greensmith & Wei-Yi Yang perform Mendelssohn duets Apr. 19
- Recent alum Eric Barry records in Warsaw
- YIMT: Call for Singing Actors
- Yale Opera presents a new production of Benjamin Britten’s The Rape of Lucretia April 27 & 28
- Flanders Recorder Quartet performs Apr. 29 at the Yale Collection of Musical Instruments
- Obituary: Lili Chookasian, contralto, faculty member
- Alum Robert Aldridge appointed director of music department at Mason Gross School of the Arts, Rutgers
- Dashon Burton wins first prize in Oratorio Society of New York Vocal Competition
- Casting announced for The Rape of Lucretia
- Kevin Puts ’96MM wins 2012 Pulitzer Prize in Music
- Dancing Through Time: May 3 concert features suites by Lully, Purcell, Rameau
- Competition winners perform music of Brahms, Strauss, Smalley, Cage
- Free Lunchtime Chamber Music concert May 2
- Chamber music concert May 2 features the guitar
- Tokyo String Quartet to retire from international concert stage after 2012–2013 season
- Master class with cellist Tanya Tomkins April 21
- Ole Akahoshi & Elizabeth Parisot perform May 4
- Jazz drummer Matt Wilson performs with Arts and Crafts May 11
- Trombonist Jason Robins ’06MM wins position with Alabama Symphony Orchestra
- May 10th concert features Matthew Barnson’s three violin sonatas
- New video on Music in Schools Initiative
- Kim Perlak ’01MM releases CD of American music
- ISM holds symposium on Haydn’s Creation
- Faculty profile: Ettore Causa, viola
- Congratulations to the 2012 Prize Winners
- Trombones takes the stage May 5
- Aaron Jay Kernis Wins 2012 Nemmers Prize
- Willie Ruff to lecture on jazz legend Oscar Pettiford May 13
- Commencement Events 2012
- Commencement Concert showcases the Class of 2012
- Dominick DiOrio ’12DMA to join faculty of Indiana University
- All-City Honors Band 2012 finale concert
- Yale awards honorary degree to Midori
- Joseph Polisi ’80DMA awarded Sanford Medal
- All-City Honors Chorus completes third season
- Fifth Annual Yale/New Haven Young Artists Solo Competitions May 23, 29, 30
- “Observe the Fermata”: Dean Blocker’s address to the Class of 2012
- Dmitri Novgorodsky ’03DMA to join faculty of SUNY-Fredonia
- Yale hosts international festival of choirs
- Young Artists Solo Competition, 4th-6th grades
- Young Artists Solo Competition, 7th-8th grades, announces winners
- Student & alumni pianists perform in Ankara, Turkey
- Class of 1957 celebrates Music in Schools Initiative with young students
- 9th-12th grade winners, Young Artists Solo Competition
- Masaaki Suzuki to receive Bach Medal 2012
- Yale in New York announces 2012–2013, its sixth season at Carnegie Hall
- Photos: Music in Schools and Class of 1957
- Melvin Chen returns to Yale
- New translation of Boris Berman’s Notes from the Pianist’s Bench
- Yang Jiao ’12MM takes second prize in Li Delun Conducting Competition
- An Interview with Violinist Peter Schuhmayer
- Alumni garner faculty appointments
- Morse Academy presents final concert August 16
- Morse Academy goes to Norfolk
- Norfolk Festival featured in Financial Times
- New York Times: Near Yale, a District Blooms
- Mingus Big Band opens Ellington Series Sep. 14
- Yale Collection of Musical Instruments opens concert season with “Crossing the Rhine” Sep. 23
- Michael Compitello appointed to Cornell University faculty
- Philharmonia performs Rossini, Tchaikovsky, Stravinsky Sep. 21
- Fifteen-year-old pianist Niu Niu performs Sept. 23
- Margins and Mirrors: Dean Blocker’s Convocation Address
- Tokyo String Quartet performs with Ettore Causa and Jasper Quartet Oct. 2
- New Music New Haven presents Theofanidis premiere Oct. 4
- Lou Donaldson Quartet performs at Yale Oct. 5
- Yale Opera announces fall scenes
- New Video: Morse Summer Music Academy
- Wei-Yi Yang performs Spanish program Oct. 10
- Lunchtime Chamber Music begins Oct. 10
- Yale Philharmonia performs with guest conductor Peter Oundjian Oct. 19
- Lou Donaldson receives Ellington Medal
- Faculty Artist Series presents violinist Wendy Sharp and pianist Joel Wizansky
- Yves Henry performs on historical pianos at the Collection Oct. 28
- Dmitri Atapine and Adela Hyeyeon Park record music of Liebermann
- Recordings from alumni
- In memoriam: Richard Warren, Jr.
- Yale Opera performs fall scenes Nov. 2 & 3
- NYC-ARTS on Channel 13 spotlights the Yale in New York series Oct. 18
- Boris Berman plays music from a hundred years back Nov. 7
- Yale Philharmonia performs Nov. 1
- YSM pianists take home prizes in San Antonio International Piano Competition
- In memoriam: John Warner Swallow
- Pianist Jian Liu performs musical fantasies Nov. 8
- Marianna Prjevalskaya wins prizes at Panama International Piano Competition
- Roomful of Teeth releases debut album
- YSM celebrates annual Elihu Day November 1
- Igudesman and Joo present A Little Nightmare Music
- Actress to bring Dickens characters to life at British Art Center
- David Lang named Musical America’s Composer of the Year
- Yale Brass Trio performs music from the Renaissance to today Nov. 14
- Members of Yale Baroque Ensemble perform Nov. 13
- New Music New Haven hosts renowned composer George Crumb Nov. 15
- Maccari and Pugliese offer guitar concert & class at Collection Nov. 11
- Hung-Kuan Chen performs Brahms, Schumann & more Nov. 28
- YSM pianists share top prize in Shanghai International Piano Competition
- Alumna Yoobin Son wins position with New York Philharmonic
- Clarinetist Charles Neidich, pianist Robert Levin perform Schumann and Brahms Dec. 2 & 3
- New Music for Orchestra features works by student composers Dec. 6
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs Nov. 30
- Charles Richard-Hamelin wins prizes in OSM Competition in Montreal
- Baroque cellist Phoebe Carrai gives master class Nov. 29
- Concerts & master classes with clarinetist Charles Neidich, pianist Robert Levin
- Vista takes an in-depth look at chamber music Dec. 5
- Piano student Lee Dionne takes third in Mottram Competition
- Yale Opera presents an evening of Russian song Dec. 4
- Guitar Chamber Music features music from Boccherini to Villa-Lobos Dec. 13
- Peter Frankl performs music of Schubert and Debussy Dec. 12
- Free Lunchtime Chamber Music concert Dec. 12
- In memoriam: Dave Brubeck, 91
- Jasper String Quartet returns to Yale for Dec. 11 concert with pianist Wei-Yi Yang
- YSM students participate in YSD’s Sunday in the Park with George
- YSM announces 2013 Symposium on Music in Schools
- Music in Schools hosts Honors Ensemble auditions Jan. 9-12
- Dec. 20 concert features music of composer Douglas Fisk
- “Visionary” pianist Radu Lupu makes rare New Haven appearance Jan. 17
- Ashley Smith ’13MM wins 2012 Freedman Fellowship for Classical Music
- Pianist Ryo Yanagitani opens 2013 with Jan. 10 concert
- Recent press about the YSM community
- Tokyo String Quartet performs in Morse Recital Hall for the last time Jan. 22
- Violinist Wendy Sharp and friends perform Jan. 20
- Peter Frankl, Ani Kavafian, Ettore Causa, Ole Akahoshi perform together Jan. 23
- David Hill to join choral conducting faculty at YSM and ISM
- Pianist Lindsay Garritson takes third prize in Bosendorfer ASU piano competition
- Yale Philharmonia performs music from Rome to Russia January 25
- Yale Opera presents a new production of Bellini’s I Capuleti e i Montecchi
- Yale in New York celebrates Mozart birthday Jan. 27
- Quicksilver performs at Collection of Musical Instruments Jan. 27th
- Tokyo Quartet, Peter Oundjian receive Sanford Medals
- Emanuel Ax performs Beethoven, Schoenberg, and Chopin Feb. 6
- Violinist Kyung Yu and pianist Elizabeth Parisot perform Feb. 8th
- Guitarist Benjamin Verdery performs music for guitar with koto, theremin, and shakuhachi
- Students of Hung-Kuan Chen perform Jan. 28
- Yale Choral Artists sing Brahms February 9
- Free Lunchtime Chamber Music concert Feb. 20
- New Music New Haven presents a world premiere by Ezra Laderman Feb. 7
- CANCELLED: Orion String Quartet and Windscape perform Bach’s “Art of the Fugue”
- Yale Opera announces casting for Capuleti
- POSTPONED: Boris Berman performs music of the “Russian Thaw” and beyond Feb. 10
- Reflections on Bach brings together old and new in Feb. 27 concert
- YSM events cancelled, buildings closed after blizzard
- Cancellations for Monday, February 11
- Ettore Causa and Boris Berman perform Feb. 19th
- Tuesday, February 12: All concerts and classes CANCELLED
- Alto Saxophonist of the Year Rudresh Mahanthappa performs at Yale Feb. 22
- Ole Akahoshi and Elizabeth Parisot perform together at Yale Feb. 20
- Arabella String Quartet performs Feb. 23
- New Video: Yale Opera performs Bellini this weekend
- Music by Christopher Theofanidis featured in Feb. 28 concert
- Conducting Fellows lead the Yale Philharmonia Mar. 1
- Yale Percussion Group performs Sunday, Feb. 24
- Tafelmusik brings House of Dreams to Yale Mar. 5
- Bach Collegium Japan performs Bach motets March 3
- Yale Opera presents master class with Alan Held
- Eminent pianist Paul Lewis makes New Haven appearance Mar. 6
- Vista explores colorful range of chamber music Mar. 4
- Associate Provost Masse named new music dean at Stetson
- Kyung Yu and Elizabeth Parisot perform together March 3
- New Music New Haven presents music by Michael Daugherty Mar. 7
- Yale School of Music Professor Melvin Chen performs Beethoven, Tower, and Mussorgsky Mar. 27
- Yale Summer School of Music – Norfolk Chamber Music Festival announces 2013 season
- Russian pianist Ekaterina Derzhavina performs at Yale Mar. 28
- Two YSM pianists will compete in 2013 Cliburn Competition
- American Academy of Arts and Letters honors Yale composers
- New Music New Haven presents new music by five Yale faculty composers Mar. 28
- Guest conductor Peter Oundjian leads the Yale Philharmonia Apr. 5
- David Lang to receive Hans Christian Andersen Prize
- Yale Cellos perform 30th anniversary concert Apr. 10
- Wei-Yi Yang, Karen von Kunes explore Czech music and literature April 1
- Fourth Symposium on Music in Schools to take place June 6–9, 2013
- Yale in New York presents “Serenade and Metamorphosis” in New York and New Haven
- Patrick Jee ’03MM wins position with New York Philharmonic
- Renowned conductor Helmuth Rilling leads Dvorak’s Stabat Mater Apr. 19
- Concert features music of the Russian Thaw April 7
- Members of Yale Baroque Ensemble perform Mar. 27
- Yale Collection of Musical Instruments concludes season with Les Délices New Haven debut Apr. 7
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs Dussek, Haydn, and Mozart Apr. 4
- Concert features complete Brahms piano quartets April 2
- One-handed violinist helps the disabled make music
- Pianists Richard and John Contiguglia win Grand Prix du Disque
- Yale Opera performs Tchaikovsky rarity May 3–4
- Stile Antico performs music of “Passion and Resurrection” Apr. 6
- May 7 concert presents winners of chamber music competition
- Free Lunchtime Chamber Music concerts Apr. 17, May 8
- In memoriam: composer and conductor Buryl Red, 77
- Alumnus David Pershall wins Marcello Giordani Vocal Competition
- Yale Opera announces casting for Iolanta
- Julian Pellicano ’09MM named resident conductor of Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra
- Yale in New York presents Paul Hindemith: Master and Prankster
- New Music New Haven features faculty composer Aaron Jay Kernis in Apr. 30 concert
- Alumna Caroline Shaw wins 2013 Pulitzer Prize in Music
- Henry Kramer, Antoine Malette-Chenier win 2013 Woolsey Competition
- Naomi Woo ’13MM awarded prestigious Gates Cambridge Scholarship
- Guitar Chamber Music Recital Presents the Classic and the Modern
- A Conjoining of Ancient Song: A World Premiere Screening
- Arthur Haas performs keyboard music by Rameau and others May 8
- Adrianna Tam selected for Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange
- American Pianists Association names Sean Chen winner of 2013 Classical Fellowship
- Mario Aschauer lectures on equal temperament April 24
- Yale Opera announces performance night casts for Iolanta
- YSM alum Wayne Weng wins 2013 Iowa Piano Competition
- Hindemith at the Yale School of Music
- Professor David Lang receives 2013 Doris Duke Award
- All-City Honors Band, Chorus, and Orchestra perform May 11
- Music at Yale: Spring 2013
- School of Music awards prizes at annual honors dinner
- Suzana Bartal wins NYCA Concerto Competition
- Sounds Heard: Derek Bermel—Canzonas Americanas
- The Declassified performs summer evening concert June 7
- Pianist David Fung reaches finals of Queen Elisabeth Competition
- Guitarist Benjamin Verdery, In The Studio
- Café Concert: Benjamin Verdery
- Willie Ruff receives Sanford Medal
- Ted Hearne
- Detroit plays the muse for New York composer’s ‘Rouge River Transfiguration’
- Jason Treuting ’02MM appointed inaugural Fellow in Creative and Performing Arts at Princeton
- YSM violinists to compete in Michael Hill International Competition
- Eleven alumniVentures awards announced
- love fail by David Lang (review)
- Symposium on Music in Schools takes place this week
- Artist Preston Trombly creates mixed-media collages
- YSM students advance in competitions
- Michael Noble wins Carmel Music Society Piano Competition
- In memoriam: Keith Wilson, Professor Emeritus of Clarinet
- Sean Chen wins third prize in Cliburn Competition
- In Memoriam: David Schwartz, viola
- Symposium affirms diversity of music education in American public schools
- Oneppo Chamber Music Series announces 2013–14 season
- Yale/New Haven Solo Competition announces winners
- City OKs Yale Music Hall Renovation
- Sleeping Giant Composers Collective receives Music Alive residency
- Esther Park ’12AD, ’13MMA wins International Russian Music Competition
- Boris Berman named Honorary Professor of Royal Danish Academy of Music
- Videos from the 2013 Symposium on Music in Schools
- David Kurtz ’80MM wins two more Emmy Awards
- Avue Magazine features So Percussion
- Sean Chen ’14AD wins third prize in Cliburn Competition
- Symposium affirms diversity of music education in American public schools
- Bellingham Festival of Music opens with West Coast premiere of Kernis’ ‘Dreamsongs’
- Hannah Lash to be Assistant Professor (Adjunct) of Composition at YSM
- Daniel Wohl Releases Debut Album, ‘Corps Exquis’
- Adam Pajan ’10MM wins second place in Longwood Gardens International Organ Competition
- Throwback guitarists Benjamin Verdery and Andrew York highlight CSUMB’s second annual California Summer Arts program
- Laurie Rubin: Blind Opera Singer Defies Expectations
- Dominick DiOrio: WFIU’s Featured Artist for July
- American Pianists’ Sean Chen wins Crystal at Cliburn competition
- Leelanee Sterrett ’10MM wins position in New York Philharmonic
- A Chamber Ensemble’s Passionate Swan Song
- Memorial celebration of John W. Swallow to take place August 4 in Norfolk
- Pianist’s journey takes her from Moldova to Maryland
- Summer Admissions Visits
- Marianna Prjevalskaya ’10AD and Misha Namirovsky ’11MM take prizes in World Piano Competition
- First Listen: Timo Andres And The Metropolis Ensemble, ‘Home Stretch’
- In the Press: The minds behind the Lakes Area Music Festival
- Fourth Morse Summer Music Academy begins July 29
- Yale School of Music’s Chamber Music Festival brings summer concerts to Norfolk
- The Dark Side of Ryo: Mozart’s D Minor Concerto
- Kevin Puts Concentrates on the Direct, Intimate Present
- Wai Lau ’12AD wins position with Hong Kong Philharmonic
- Secrets Found Online, Shared Softly: David Lang’s ‘whisper opera’ Mines Truths From the Web
- La Press (Canada) on pianist Charles Richard-Hamélin
- In the Deep South, hope and help for children in need comes in the shape of violins and cellos
- A Pulitzer Winner Asks: Why Write Symphonies?
- Sebastian Ruth appointed Visiting Lecturer for 2013–14 academic year
- Derrick Wang ’08MM writes opera about Justices Scalia and Ginsburg
- Search Results, Delivered in Hushed Tones
- A musical summer for New Haven students
- Age of Global Success: Hyo Kang
- So Percussion on playing Steve Mackey’s It Is Time
- Morse Academy students present final concert August 22
- The National’s Bryce Dessner Announces Kronos Quartet Collaborative Album Aheym
- Composer David Lang explores a secular transcendence in “Little Match Girl Passion”
- New Wait List Policy
- Review: Sean Chen gives powerful performance with Fort Worth Symphony
- McDougal Center offers events for graduate students
- Concert season opens Sep. 12 with DMA recital by cellist Laura Usiskin
- Teaching Artist applications due Sunday, September 8
- Violinist Nicholas DiEugenio ’08AD, ’09MMA performs music by Ives, Schumann, Enescu, and more Sep. 17
- Photos of the 2013 Morse Summer Music Academy
- Judith Malafronte teaches course in Yale Alumni College–Greenwich Library partnership
- David Shifrin, Ettore Causa, and Wei-Yi Yang play trios by Mozart, Schumann, and Bruch Sep. 17
- YSM presents complete Beethoven piano concertos in 2013–14 season
- Yale Philharmonia opens its 2013–14 season Sep. 20
- Composition alumni Andrew Norman and Ted Hearne join faculty at USC Thornton School of Music
- A Law School Graduate Who Makes Beautiful Music
- Stravinsky centennial project receives funding
- Why Aren’t Composers Writing More Symphonies Today?
- Creating music in the 21st century: an open conversation with David Lang Sep. 16
- Jihoon Shin ’09MM wins first prize in Severino Gazzelloni International Flute Competition
- Career Strategies: introductory meeting Sep. 9
- Peter Gelb to receive Sanford Medal at Convocation Sep. 9
- Students are invited to register for the Gig List
- Bravo! Ariane Abela uses music to help and inspire
- Elizaveta Miller ’11MM wins Musica Antiqua Fortepiano Competition
- Music by Ted Hearne featured in DMA recital September 26th
- Music complex to be named for Stephen ’59BA and Denise Adams
- Convocation welcomes new students, honors guests
- Peter Gelb receives Sanford Medal at Convocation
- An Overture to the Yale School of Music
- PMC offers “Listen, then Pay” in Oct. 12 Britten tribute
- “Homegrown” Jazz Musicians Perform at Yale Oct. 4
- Melrose music: Guest performers in free classical event
- “Rediscovering Wonder”: Dean Blocker’s Convocation Address
- At the Metropolitan Opera’s Giulio Cesare, Speaking Truth to Power
- You can never have enough music
- NOW Ensemble will open New Music New College season with new music, and dance
- Video Highlights from Convocation 2013
- Music of Caroline Shaw with Roomful of Teeth & ACME (American Contemporary Music Ensemble)
- Cristóbal Gajardo ’13MM gives chamber music workshop at University of Chile
- NY Daily News: New Haven is happening
- New Music New Haven presents music by Aaron Jay Kernis, Hannah Lash Oct. 3
- The Tokyo Quartet is no more.
- Jessica Wiskus ’06DMA publishes “The Rhythm of Thought”
- Poland To Celebrate Penderecki’s 80th Birthday
- Elizabeth Suh Lane ’89MM leads Bach Aria Soloists
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs Bach Oct. 8
- Soprano Ellen Hargis and lutenist Paul O’Dette perform at the Collection Oct. 6
- Guitarist Simon Powis Gives Recital Oct.10
- New video: Mozart’s Piano Quartet in G minor
- Yale gains access to Met Opera on Demand with gift from Frederick Iseman ’74
- Matthew Polenzani to give master class with Yale Opera Dec. 2
- The Sounds of Music at Hamden Hall
- From NBC’s TODAY Show and America’s Got Talent to Conducting at Rutgers
- Lauren Hunt ’13MM wins 2013 International Horn Competition of the Americas
- Alumnus Christian Van Horn makes Metropolitan Opera debut
- Lauren Hunt brings in high horn honor
- Pianist Peter Frankl Performs Schubert Oct. 2
- Organist Colin Lynch ’06MM releases debut solo album
- Kim Perlak ’01MM appointed Assistant Chair of Guitar at Berklee
- Video: A Conversation with David Lang
- Takács String Quartet graces Yale stage Oct. 15
- Guest conductor James Conlon leads the Yale Philharmonia Oct. 18
- Eclectic ensemble enters second season
- Classical music’s “gateway drug”
- Violinist Wendy Sharp performs recital with pianist Joel Wizansky Oct. 20
- Aaron Apaza ’08MM appointed principal bassoon of Knoxville Symphony Orchestra
- Andrew Norman ’09AD becomes composer in residence at Opera Philadelphia
- Yale Presidential Inauguration: Departmental Receptions/Drop Ins
- Yale Opera announces Fall Opera Scenes
- Faculty appointments for alumni Edward Turgeon and Ken Cowan
- Composer Missy Mazzoli ’06MM joins Mannes faculty
- Fresh Sound presents Ian David Rosenbaum Oct. 1
- Free Lunchtime Chamber Music concert Oct. 23
- Fall Admissions Visits
- How 26-Year-Old Violinist Vijay Gupta Became the Most Interesting Man in the Phil
- Pianist Robert Blocker performs Brahms and more Oct. 23
- Presentation: The evolution of “Heart of a Soldier” from article to biography to opera
- Yale Opera Chorus Auditions Oct. 20
- Photos from Norfolk Choral Festival
- American Youth Symphony fine-tunes new pieces for season opening
- Symphony Space Shines a Light on Musical Legends and Salon Performers
- Symposium with conductor James Conlon Oct. 16
- Ashley Solomon and Terence Charlston perform at the Collection Nov. 3
- Guest conductor Krzysztof Penderecki leads the Yale Philharmonia Nov. 1
- Rob Kapilow Set for Celebrity Series of Boston’s What Makes It Great?
- NY Times’ Anthony Tommasini Set for CCM’s Richard Wagner Celebration
- Finckel-Han-Setzer Trio performs Nov. 5
- Miki Sawada ’14AD works with Music Haven in new Music in Schools partnership
- Website Technical Issues
- William Halpin gives lecture on wind bands Oct. 8
- Pianist David Kaplan Gives DMA Recital Oct. 24
- City-Wide Open Studios Opens With a Blast
- The Legacy of Paul Hindemith and A Soldier’s Tale Set for YALE IN NEW YORK’s 2013–14 Season
- Campus preps for party
- All-City Honors Ensembles applications open
- A restructured DMA program at Yale School of Music
- New Haven Independent: Bach Goes Old School, Mellow & Gritty
- Jeff Conner speaks about The Entrepreneurial Musician Oct. 21
- Faculty Artists Kyung Yu, violin, & Elizabeth Parisot, piano, perform at Yale Nov. 6
- Brian Hsu ’08AD appointed to piano faculty at Loyola University
- Informational meeting about DMA program Oct. 18, 2013
- Music Library’s exhibit on Cole Porter opens Oct. 19
- Legendary jazz drummer Roy Haynes’ Fountain of Youth Band performs at Yale Nov. 8
- 60th Anniversary Gala Concert of the Yale Russian Chorus Nov. 10
- Judd Greenstein ’04MM selected for Sundance Institute’s New Frontier Story Lab
- Music Beyond Genres: Constella Festival’s Composer-in-Residence Missy Mazzoli
- Symphony Space to Present An Evening With Penderecki, 10/25
- Faculty composer Christopher Theofanidis selected for Copland House Residency
- Video: Inauguration Celebration Concert
- Radio interview with Aaron Jay Kernis
- Michael Mizrahi ’08DMA receives Lawrence Award for Excellence in Creative Activity
- World-renowned composer speaks at Stetson Oct. 18
- Salovey entertains with penchant for music
- Yale in New York announces 2013–14 season
- ASO composer in residence Hannah Lash turns catastrophic theft into new beginning
- Jeffrey Sharkey ’88MM to be new principal at Royal Conservatoire of Scotland
- Visit from Aspen Music Festival & School
- Beinecke wraps up 50th fete with all kinds of music
- Yale School of Music Students Perform at Symphony Space
- Hagen String Quartet plays all-Beethoven program Nov. 12
- Guitarist Jeremy Harting ’06MM receives two faculty appointments
- Ashley Smith ’13MM, ’14AD appointed to faculty at University of Western Australia
- New Haven Pizza Named Best In America
- Music by Jacob Cooper featured in Nov. 7 recital
- Review of David Fung’s “Evening Conversations”
- Dynamic differences: organist Ken Cowan ’99MM
- Worth nothing: Symphony by Sea launches 33rd season
- Yale in New York kicks off season with The Legacy of Paul Hindemith
- American icon Leon Fleisher performs on Horowitz Piano Series Nov. 13
- New Concert Video: “Frau Trude”
- Original score soundtrack to “Carrie,” by Marco Beltrami ’91MM, released this week
- Killeen Daily Herald: Cliburn finalist to perform at Temple CAC
- In memoriam: Lawrence Leighton Smith, past music director of Yale Philharmonia
- Delaware Symphony Orchestra offers channels old, new in ‘Classic Masters’
- Classical Music Composer Sharon Ruchman Releases Sixth CD, “A Bit of Tango and More…”
- 30 Under 30: Domenic Salerni brings his strings to Atlanta’s percolating classical music scene
- Music teacher says the arts are just as important as math, science
- The Yale Philharmonia Plays at Yale’s Woolsey Hall
- The Yale School of Music Concert Series: A Study in Virtuosity
- Flutist Ginevra Petrucci ’12MM, ’13AD debuts at Carnegie Hall
- New Music New Haven presents music by Donnacha Dennehy Nov. 14th
- Master class with Krzysztof Penderecki Oct. 30
- Invisible Cities, the Wandering Opera Through Union Station, Is a Welcome Adventure
- November career workshops for YSM students
- Leon Fleisher gives a master class Nov. 14
- Brentano String Quartet appointed new faculty quartet-in-residence at Yale School of Music
- Free Lunchtime Chamber Music concert Nov. 6
- Grace Guo ’13MM appointed principal harp of China Philharmonic
- Christopher Shepard ’92MM wins Herford Prize
- New Video: Violin@YSM
- Acclaimed Brentano Quartet plays Sunset Center
- In conversation with Matthew Polenzani: The Duke in Las Vegas
- Brentano String Quartet Moves to Yale
- Yale Opera presents a master class with baritone Alan Held Dec. 9th
- Philip Browne ’14MM, horn, joins New Haven Symphony Orchestra
- Yale Brass Trio performs with Carol Jantsch, Mihae Lee Nov. 19
- Alumnus Benjamin Firer joins faculty of Juniata College
- Yale Daily News: Music lecturer promotes community outreach
- Alumnus Alvin Wong joins faculty of Melbourne Conservatorium of Music
- Bryce Dessner: A Musician for Every Space, and Beyond
- Great American jazz pianist leads Bill Charlap Trio at Yale Dec. 6
- Carol Williams ’98AD is first American woman to serve as civic organist
- Open conversation with jazz drummer Roy Haynes Nov. 9
- Concerts explore the legacy of Paul Hindemith Nov. 21 & 22
- An Avant-Garde That’s Easy to Love: NY Mag on Caroline Shaw
- Dec. 5 DMA recital features music by Robert Honstein
- Performance, Minimal Music and the Vogel Collection Nov. 17
- Peninsula Reviews: Brentano Quartet Triumphs!
- Alumnus Dan Visconti Joins Roster of Fifth House Ensemble
- NH Register: 8 composers’ take on Stravinsky’s ‘Rite of Spring’ in Yale’s Woolsey Hall
- Office of Career Strategies presents panel discussion Nov. 19
- New York Times: ‘Silent Night,’ Pulitzer Winner, to Air on PBS
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs “musique de chambre” Dec. 8
- Emerson String Quartet performs at Yale Dec. 10
- Oscar-nominated composer Marco Beltrami on navigating his way through ‘World War Z’
- Zephyrus Project Orchestra’s RiteNow Set for this Sunday
- Alum Paul Jacobs to direct new organ institute at Oregon Bach Festival
- New York Times: An Operatic Monster Mash
- Guitar Chamber Music features diverse ensembles Dec. 4
- New quartet to take residence at School of Music
- Roy Haynes receives Ellington Medal
- Beethoven Concerti at Yale Dec. 11
- Musical America: David Lang on His New “Crowd Out”
- More grads call New Haven home
- Vista offers a “fresh look at chamber music” Dec. 3
- New Haven Independent: “Rite” On Time
- Composition alum Lance Hulme releases fourth orchestra recording
- Three NHPS students receive new instruments from Music in Schools Initiative
- In the Press: Under Hindemith’s Wing
- New Music, New Voices: Robert Honstein and the Mivos Quartet
- Yale Daily News: Panel discusses careers in music
- Dantes Rameau ’07MM named one of Ebony Magazine’s Power 100
- In the Press: Yue Chu sees Westport piano competition as a performance opportunity
- Wall Street Journal: Tuning Up to Pay Tribute to a Master
- Regional Spotlight: Jasper String Quartet
- I Care If You Listen: Five Questions with David Shifrin
- Christine Gangelhoff ’95AD releases ‘Deep Blue’ with C Force
- ‘Bassoonarama’ features tangos and more Dec. 9
- Yale Philharmonia plays New Music for Orchestra Dec. 12
- Photos: The Legacy of Paul Hindemith at Zankel Hall
- Achilles Liarmakopoulos ’10MM joins faculty of Brooklyn College Conservatory of Music
- Free Lunchtime Chamber Music concert Wednesday, Dec. 4
- First Lady Michelle Obama Recognizes OrchKids, directed by Dan Trahey ’03MM
- Alumnae Esther Park, Xiaoxi Wu win first and second prizes in José Roca Piano Competition
- The National’s Bryce Dessner: The secret about advice is knowing when to ignore it
- NYT Review: ‘New Voices, New Music’ From David Lang at Zankel Hall
- Review: Yale in New York Concert Champions the Legacy of Paul Hindemith
- Hartford Courant: Emerson String Quartet at Yale
- Wenbin Jin ’09MM wins second prize in China International Piano Competition
- Jazz pianist Bill Charlap to give workshop this Saturday, Dec. 7
- Ezra Laderman: WFIU’s Contemporary Composer For December
- MSR Classics releases new CD by Cellist Rhonda Rider
- Yevgeny Yontov ’14MM wins Wideman International Piano Competition
- Dec. 19th recital features music by Christopher Cerrone
- Barry Ross ’75DMA to retire as assistant conductor of Kalamazoo Symphony Orchestra
- Flute alumna Ginevra Petrucci releases CD on Brilliant Classics
- New Video: Flute@YSM
- All-City Honors Ensembles conclude first fall session
- In the Press: WSO conductor Julian Pellicano at News Café
- Jamie Kirsch ’03MM named new director of Chorus pro Musica
- MusiCorps Wounded Warrior Band will be musical guest on Colbert Report
- Recordings for Review
- Recordings to review
- Chicago Classical Review: Akiho’s mesmerizing work the highlight of MusicNOW program
- Garth Neustadter Trio to perform New Year show
- Jazz pianist David Hazeltine brings his trio to Yale Jan. 16
- Yale Philharmonia performs Tchaikovsky, Beethoven, and more Jan. 24
- CANCELED: Flutist Ransom Wilson, pianist Melvin Chen perform January 15th
- Guitar Extravaganza celebrates tradition and innovation Feb. 22
- Organist Paul Jacobs performs in memory of Marianne Webb
- The Misfits of Brooklyn’s Music Scene: It’s Been a Good Year for the Record Label New Amsterdam
- A Resurgence Of Electronic Classical Music: alum Jacob Cooper on WBUR
- Henry Kramer receives Foote Award from Harvard Musical Association
- Feast of Music picks Yale in New York concert as a highlight of 2013
- Susan Merdinger ’85 MM joins roster of Steinway Artists
- New course added for spring semester
- Review: “Sixteen Sunsets” by Jane Ira Bloom ’76BA, ’77MM
- Feast of Music: Conversation with Roomful of Teeth’s Brad Wells ’05 DMA
- Kernis concerto inspires student work on display at PSO exhibition
- CD review: Sean Chen, piano, Crystal Award winner of Cliburn Competition
- Guitarist Benjamin Verdery plays music from Bach to today Jan. 25
- Yale Collection of Musical Instruments presents Juilliard Baroque Jan. 26
- Meet the Teaching Artists of the Week: Patrick Jankowski ’15 MMA, Jonathan Slade ’15 AD
- “Selected Works for Orchestra” by alumna Augusta Read Thomas released on Nimbus
- New course listed for spring 2014: Composition for Performers
- In the Press: Marian Hesse ’85 MM to present horn master class
- A Season Of ‘La Boheme,’ ‘West Side Story,’ Sybarite5
- Yale Choral Artists, Yale Philharmonia perform Mozart’s Mass in C minor Feb. 8
- WNPR: Hazeltine Time at Yale
- Yale Opera presents La Bohème February 14–16
- Arthur Haas and Webb Wiggins Keep It Original
- Wendy Sharp and friends play chamber music by Brahms, Bartók, and more Jan. 26
- Alum Thomas Newman nominated for Academy Award
- Alumni Norman and Hearne Looking to Flip the Script at USC
- NYT In Performance: Caroline Shaw
- New Video: The Role of Music in School Reform
- Finalists in 2014 American Composers Forum National Composition Contest Announced
- ASO composer-in-residence returns with harp in hand to perform with concertmaster, friends
- Pascal Rogé performs Poulenc, Debussy Jan. 29
- Event Discusses Financial Life After Yale
- Yale alumni victorious at Grammys
- Morse code: New Haven Independent on Wendy Sharp
- Yale Collection of Musical Instruments live streams Juilliard Baroque Sunday
- David Lang speaks at Wadsworth Atheneum Jan. 30
- Arthur Haas performs harpsichord music of Jean-Philippe Rameau
- Then and Now: A Conversation with Pianist Susan Merdinger
- Erika L. Schafer ’01MM hosts 2014 Trumpet Festival of the Southeast
- POSTPONED: Violinist Sarita Kwok and pianist Wei-Yi Yang perform on Faculty Artist Series Feb. 3
- Yale Daily News: School of Music to host Pascal Rogé
- Take 5: Q+A with composer David Lang
- Artis Quartet plays Mozart, Zemlinsky, and Brahms Feb. 18
- Pianists Berman, Frankl, Yang unite in Feb. 19 concert
- The Day’s Person of the Week: Vincent Oneppo ’74 MM
- New Music New Haven features music by Martin Bresnick and David Lang Feb. 6
- Concert Review: Edson Scheid ’11 MM, ’12 AD with Juilliard415
- Thinking Out Loud: So Percussion preview
- Album review: “Saving Mr. Banks” soundtrack
- Meet Your Teaching Artist of the Week: Andrea Beyer ’15 MM
- Fernando Buide ’13DMA wins Spanish Aeos-BBVA composition prize
- Electric Bassist Jack Vees performs his own music Feb. 12
- Concert pianist David Fung to make Franco Center debut on Feb. 15
- East Coast Brass Trio to perform in Dallas and Austin
- A CLASSIC(AL) COLLABORATION: Bryce Dessner & Kronos Quartet
- Yale Opera announces casting for La Bohème
- L.A. Philharmonic 2014–15 season includes Dessner, Cerrone works
- Recital by Sarita Kwok and Wei-Yi Yang rescheduled for Sunday, March 2
- Forgotten Melodies: The Music of Nikolai Medtner Feb. 26
- Artist Profile: Ian David Rosenbaum, Brooklyn-Based New Music Percussionist
- Guitarist/composer Van Stiefel performs with Sergio Sorrentino Feb. 22
- Awakening the Grand: YSM alumni direct Youth Music Monterey County
- All-City Honors Band joins Yale Concert Band in Feb. 14 concert
- Oscar Concert: Inaugural event to honor 2014 nominated composers
- HuffPost: A Conversation With Organist Paul Jacobs
- Yale Percussion Group performs Reich’s Sextet and more Feb. 23
- Admissions Live Chat with Boris Berman Feb. 14
- Interview with organist Paul Jacobs
- New Haven Register: Yale Opera’s ‘La Boheme’ opens at the Shubert in New Haven
- YSM students perform at Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. in February 2014
- Northern Colorado professor inducted in hall of fame
- Conducting fellows lead the Yale Philharmonia Feb. 28
- René Izquierdo and Elina Chekan, guitars, perform at Yale Extravaganza Feb. 22
- David Tanenbaum performs at Guitar Extravaganza Feb. 22
- New Haven Register: Pianist Michael Noble plays Frederic Rzewski piece
- Frank Morelli: FROM THE HEART on MSR
- Yale Guitar Extravaganza all day Saturday in New Haven
- Teaching Artist of the Week: Matheus Garcia Souza ’14 MM
- Violist Ettore Causa, pianist Boris Berman perform together Mar. 5
- Smithsonian Chamber Players Piano Trio performs at Collection March 2
- Yale School of Music and Naxos Records announce new collaborative venture
- New Haven Independent: Underperformed No More
- Morse Summer Music Academy 2013 students perform winter concert
- Dominick DiOrio ’12 DMA receives Ann Stookey Grant for new choral music
- YSM students to perform in Paris at Arts Arena recital
- Grammy winner Virginia Warnkenreflects on win
- Yale Schools of Drama and Music Will Bring “The Soldier’s Tale” to Carnegie Hall April 6
- The N.C. Symphony opens an adverturous season in September
- Something Unique
- Yale School of Music, School of Drama present a fresh take on Stravinsky’s “The Soldier’s Tale”
- Vista concert March 4 features music from the Baroque to the 20th century
- Sean Chen: American Pianists Association Winner
- New Music New Haven concert Mar. 6 features Theofanidis, Laderman, Marshall
- ‘Water Songs’ will chart the Colorado River
- Grunge Meets Classical: Gleb Kanasevich ’13 MM
- Workshop discusses financial management for musicians and artists March 4
- YSM alumni receive grants from New Music USA
- The Miró String Quartet performs Schubert, Beethoven, Dutilleux March 25
- Pianist Boris Berman performs late Brahms March 26
- Huffington Post: Treasures in New Haven
- Louis Lohraseb ’15MM accepted to institute with Lorin Maazel
- Matthew Barnson ’12 DMA releases ‘Sibyl Tones’ on Tzadik Records
- Brian Fennelly ’65 MM, ’68 PhD receives award, releases CD
- Cellist Maya Beiser: Creating Music, the Mantra to Move People
- New Music World: Igor Stravinsky’s The Soldier’s Tale (L’histoire du Soldat)
- Bruce Neswick ’80 MM is WFIU’s Artist Of The Month for March
- Yale’s Glee Club Makes Cultural Exchange Sing
- Yale Cellos perform annual concert April 9
- YSM musicians win grants from American Academy of Arts and Letters
- Changing lives with music: Dantes Rameau ’07 MM
- Playing From the Heart
- Pierre Henri Xuereb to give viola master class March 24
- In memoriam: Mitch Leigh ’51 BM, ’52 MM
- David Lang’s six-concert series COLLECTED STORIES runs April 22–29 at Zankel Hall
- Musical America: Mitch Leigh Dies at 86
- Teaching Artist of the Week: Ian Tuski ’15 MM
- Concert Review: Pianist Boris Berman proves himself by letting Brahms, Schoenberg speak for themselves
- Peter Oundjian conducts the Yale Philharmonia April 4
- ‘Song of Songs: Come into my Garden’ at the Yale Collection of Musical Instruments April 13th
- Brentano String Quartet, incoming quartet-in-residence, performs at Yale April 8
- One with his violin: Geoffrey Herd ’12 AD to play at Carnegie Hall
- Composer Timo Andres goes for the beauty
- Ecstatic Music Festival: Timo Andres, Gabriel Kahane, Ted Hearne, Becca Stevens & Nathan Koci
- New Music New Haven features music by guest composer Andrew Ford April 17
- David Lang, Alvin Singleton elected to American Academy of Arts and Letters
- Paul Hawkshaw talks Bruckner ahead of performance by Israel Philharmonic, Zubin Mehta
- YSM musicians perform “Strictly Britten” April 9 at Yale Center for British Art
- Michael Gordon ’82 MM Goes for Broke with ‘Rushes’ for Bassoon Septet
- New York Times: Violin Sonatas Suffuse Lent
- WSHU: Leelanee Sterrett ’10 MM makes her horn sing
- Miro String Quartet at Yale’s Morse Recital Hall Tuesday; Boris Berman plays Brahms Wednesday
- New York Philharmonic hornist returns to NHSO for Hunstmen
- Aaron Jay Kernis receives A.I. duPont Composer’s Award
- School of Music students form new orchestra
- Ironwood offers a new look at Brahms April 9
- Career Strategies offers two workshops in April
- Author & Opera Star Viven Shotwell to Visit Fairfield Library
- Yale School of Music, Yale School of Drama present Stravinsky’s ‘Soldier’s Tale’
- Brentanos Bid Adieu to Princeton
- Charles Richard-Hamelin ’13 MM wins third prize in Seoul International Music Competition
- Alumna Sarah Kirkland Snider wins DSO Female Composers’ Award
- Sean Chen offers an alternative perspective on Scriabin and Ravel
- New Yorker spotlights The Soldier’s Tale
- Yale Daily News: School of Drama and Music collaborate on project
- “Why Music?” video wins awards
- Yale Philharmonia performs with guest conductor Peter Oundjian April 25
- Teaching Artist of the Week: Isabel Lepanto Gleicher ’14 MM
- New Haven Register: Yale Cellos yearly concert led by ‘seasoned’ duo’s work April 9
- Review: Yale in New York, ‘The Soldier’s Tale’ @ Carnegie’s Zankel Hall
- Bach’s In Good Hands
- YSM website nominated for Webby Award
- New York Times: If the Devil Taps You, Pretend You Didn’t Feel It
- A new Fab Four for the music school
- Decoding The Sounds Of AMC’s Spy Series, ‘Turn’
- YSM student Stephen Feigenbaum receives Special Distinction at ASCAP Competition
- Ted Hearne awarded New Voices residency
- Yale School of Music Alumnus Andy Akiho awarded Rome Prize for Composition
- Yale School of Music alumni receive Morton Gould Young Composer Awards
- Winners of 2014 Woolsey Concerto Competition announced
- Learn the essentials of grant writing in April 30 workshop
- Yale Opera presents a fresh production of La Cenerentola
- Listen to Hannah Lash discuss ‘This Ease’
- Chamber music competition winners perform concert May 6
- Michael Noble ’12 MM, ’14 MMA wins award to study in Belgium
- A Time To Celebrate
- Julia Wolfe bores a hole through the mountain with ‘Steel Hammer’
- Christopher Cerrone ’10MMA named finalist for Pulitzer Prize
- Yale Baroque Ensemble performs virtuoso program May 5
- New York Times: David Lang’s ‘collected stories’ at Zankel Hall
- Korea Times: Flutist Son to join NY Philharmonic
- Guitar chamber music at Yale May 7
- Alumna Clara Yang releases “Grieg and Prokofiev”
- So Percussion to be Princeton’s new ensemble in residence
- Barbora Kolarova ’14MM, ’15AD wins second prize in International Artist Association Competition
- Jonathan Brandani ’14MM appointed Resident Artist Coach at Minnesota Opera
- Cellist Dmitri Atapine ’10DMA to join CMS Two
- Students and alumni join Ensemble ACJW, win President’s Public Service Fellowship
- In the press: musician Ah Young Sung has performed all over the world
- All-City Honors Ensembles to play spring concert May 9
- Juan Carlos Fernández Nieto wins second prize in Jaén International Piano Competition
- Yale Baroque Ensemble duo performs recital at Yale Collection of Musical Instruments May 8th & 9th
- Honors Dinner recognizes students and alumni
- Boston Globe: Caroline Shaw ’07 MM finds freedom with A Far Cry, Roomful of Teeth
- So Percussion will mark its residency at Princeton University with a concert at Grounds for Sculpture
- Life During Wartime: a new program from Cantata Profana
- Yale music ensembles travel to Ghana this May
- Dean Blocker receives honorary degree from University of South Carolina
- YSM presents annual Commencement Concert May 18
- In conversation: Thomas C. Duffy on preserving the rhythmic traditions of Ghana
- Read the Spring 2014 issue of Music at Yale
- Smile, Yale musicians — we’re off to Ghana
- Yale musicians visit Genius Hive, Ghanaian organization for music education
- Yale ensembles perform at U.S. Embassy in Ghana and Legon University
- National Symphony Orchestra of Ghana and Yale ensembles perform benefit concert Friday, May 23
- Paul Berry among Provost’s 2013–14 Teaching Prize winners
- Accra applauds Ghana-Yale Nkonsonkonson “Unity” Concert
- A glimpse at the National Museum of Ghana
- Yale Band & Percussion Group bring music to Yamoransa schools
- Yale Percussion Group, Yale Concert Band enjoy musical exchange at University of Cape Coast
- Yale awards Honorary Doctor of Music degrees to Joseph Polisi, Ralph Stanley
- Yale Band and Yale Percussion Group play concert in Yamoransa, Ghana
- Project continues to record Ghanaian drumming
- Yale Percussion Group learns at University of Cape Coast, Ghana
- The Soldier’s Tale: full performance now available to watch on demand
- YSM alumnus Raymond Harvey continues as music director with Kalamazoo Symphony Orchestra
- Kevin Dombrowski ’14 MM chosen for cultural exchange with Sarajevo Philharmonic
- Awards and degrees conferred at 2014 Commencement
- Interview with Andy Akiho ’11MM
- Yale/New Haven Young Artists Solo Competition announces winners
- Charles Richard-Hamelin ’13 MM wins second prize in Montreal Competition
- Tim Gocklin, as part of Akropolis Quintet, wins Fischoff Competition
- Chris Rogerson ’12 MM selected for NJSO’s inaugural composition institute
- How grace notes and timpani can teach you to detect abnormal sounds in the body
- Alumnus Ravi Rajan named to TONY Awards Nominating Committee
- SoundAdvice Composer Spotlight: Robert Honstein
- 52 from Yale feel the beat — and heat — in Ghana trip
- Dean Robert Blocker plays Mozart with Hartford Symphony Orchestra June 27
- Norfolk voted Best Music Festival in the Berkshires
- Composer Hannah Lash Shifts The Harmonies Of Early Music
- Matthew Barnson ’12 DMA joins faculty of Stony Brook University
- Oneppo Chamber Music Series announces 2014–2015 concert season
- UNR music professor Dmitri Atapine to join prestigious program
- Ellington Jazz Series announces new concert season
- Richard Goode, Peter Serkin to perform on 2014–2015 Horowitz Piano Series
- CS Monitor: Yale musicians study West Africa’s drumbeats, a village at a time
- Fifth Morse Summer Music Academy begins July 7
- Alumni Wenbin Jin, Kendra James take prizes in competitions
- Yale Percussion Group wins at PASIC Competition
- Feng Bian ’15 MM wins bronze in World Piano Competition
- YSM alumni among New Music USA grant recipients
- Alum Daniel Wohl signs with G. Schirmer
- The Independent: Top violinist taking classical music behind bars and to the streets
- Pupils Become Maestros
- Hilda Huang wins Leipzig International Bach Competition
- Opening Week Schedule: September 2014
- Korea Herald spotlights Peter Frankl’s work at Great Mountains Festival
- Annual concert to feature prize-winning pianist Henry Kramer
- Organist Andrew Scanlon ’03 MM releases “Solemn and Celebratory”
- Children’s opera by alumna Lori Laitman to premiere in October 2014
- Cellist Thomas Mansbacher ’74 MM to retire from Cleveland Orchestra
- Marianna Prjevalskaya wins New Orleans International Piano Competition
- Akropolis Reed Quintet wins Fischoff’s 2015 Educator Award
- Inside the Music Factory: Visiting With Fellows at the Norfolk Festival
- Violins, voices and African rhythms mark Yale in New York season
- Tami Kerr ’00 CERT writes children’s book about music
- Composer Marco Beltrami Provides His Musical Gifts For “The Giver”
- Ravi Coltrane Quartet opens the concert season September 12
- Lecture: The Art Song Compositions of Huang Tzu, Sep. 11
- Department of Jazz performs in Germany
- Jeremy Grall ’99 MM appointed to guitar faculty at Birmingham-Southern College
- Yale-trained opera singer Eric Barry joins Mizuno JPX golf team
- Willie Ruff to give a lecture on the American Jazz Century Sep. 4
- New Music Box: “Which of these Aaron Jay Kernises am I?”
- Yale Philharmonia, Camerata, Glee Club perform Mahler’s Second Symphony Sep. 19
- School holds opening Convocation Sep. 3
- Career Strategies event Sep. 22 features conversation with David Shifrin
- Yale acquires Petryn Collection, including Amati & Guarneri violins
- Andy Berry ’16MM wins prize from Dell’Arte Opera
- Andy Akiho ’11 MM wins ACO’s Underwood Emerging Composer Commission
- Martin Bruns sings Schumann and more with fortepianist Christoph Hammer Oct. 5
- Four NHPS students receive instruments from Music in Schools Initiative
- Violin alumnus Moni Simeonov appointed Director of String Studies at CSU Long Beach
- Yang Jiao wins second place in Conducting Competition Jeunesses Musicales in Bucharest
- Stuart Malina ’87 MM: Midstate orchestras face financial challenges
- Ivo Josipovic, President of Croatia, to lecture on music and politics Sep. 22
- Alumnus Enrico Sartori wins Principal Flute position with Opéra de Lyon
- Brentano String Quartet begins Yale residency with Sep. 23 concert
- Alumnus Benjamin Gordon to write new children’s opera for Staatsoper Hamburg
- Applications open for 2014-15 All-City Honors Ensembles
- New Music New Haven features guest composer Paul Dresher Oct. 2
- Carol Jantsch, tuba, performs music from Debussy to David Lang October 13
- In memoriam: composer Francisco F. Feliciano
- WQXR’s Meet the Composer: Caroline Shaw Lives Life Beautifully
- Alumni duo New Morse Code receives grant from Chamber Music America
- Trombone and tuba students shine in Oct. 6 recital
- Composer John Adams Returns To Yale For Weeklong Residency
- Yale welcomes composer/conductor John Adams for weeklong residency
- Yale musicians play—and listen—in Ghana
- Harpist Colleen Potter Thorburn performs music old and new Oct. 9
- Flutist Ransom Wilson, pianist Melvin Chen perform October 8
- Orion String Quartet and Windscape perform Bach’s “Art of the Fugue” Oct. 28
- Pianist Peter Serkin to perform Schoenberg, Mozart, and more Oct. 22
- Legendary Bassist Ron Carter and his trio perform concert Oct. 24
- Yale in New York to Open 2014-15 Season at Avery Fisher Hall Oct. 19
- Wall St Journal: A Musical Fix for American Schools
- John Adams to conduct Yale Philharmonia in New Haven Oct. 17, New York Oct. 19
- Yale Choral Artists and New Haven Symphony Orchestra perform Pärt and Britten Oct. 24
- Concert Review: John Adams with the Philharmonia Orchestra of Yale and the Brentano String Quartet
- NYT: For John Adams, a Day of Music, Not Protests
- Rubin Institute announces 2014 writing fellows, including four from Yale
- Raul Garcia appointed principal viola of Colombia’s National Symphony Orchestra
- Yale Opera presents Fall Scenes Nov. 1 & 2
- Angélique Kidjo to perform benefit concert at Yale Dec. 6
- Arthur Bloom: How the healing power of music helps wounded warriors
- Panel on “The Musical Impulse” helps open new Yale Center Beijing
- Cellist Jaques Lee Wood to give DMA recital November 6
- Whitney Humanities Center to host new Music Talks program
- Hollywood film composer Thomas Newman releases collaborative album with Rick Cox
- Faculty violinist Wendy Sharp performs music from Telemann to today Nov. 9
- First directorial effort from YSM faculty member Janna Baty wins award
- Mezzo-soprano Janna Baty and guests perform Poulenc, Granados, and more Nov. 11
- Peter Oundjian leads the Yale Philharmonia in Gershwin, Barber, and more Nov. 7
- Boris Berman plays Beethoven, Stravinsky, and Prokofiev on Horowitz Piano Series Nov. 12
- YSM students invited to Nov. 12 workshop on promoting events
- School of Music announces completion of its trio of websites
- Yale Daily News: Yale Opera kicks off season
- New Haven Register: Peter Oundjian leads Yale Philharmonia
- Yale School of Music announces newly revised Master of Musical Arts, Artist Diploma
- Prepared Guitar: 13 Questions for Alumnus James Moore
- Cellist Alvin Wong plays Beethoven, Chen Yi, and more in DMA recital Nov. 13
- “Back to the Future”: Music of 17th-century Italy and Germany featured in Nov. 16 concert
- Dexter Kennedy ’14MM wins Grand Prix de Chartres de Interprétation
- Apply for the 2015 String Quartet Fellowship program
- Violinists from the Yale Baroque Ensemble perform virtuoso program Nov. 18 & 19
- Faculty pay tribute to composer Alfred Schnittke in Nov. 19th concert
- Yo-Yo Ma to perform benefit concert at Yale January 13
- New Music New Haven features three faculty composers Nov. 20
- Grammy Award-winning Mingus Big Band plays at Yale Dec. 5
- NHSO and Yale Opera to perform Puccini’s Suor Angelica, Theofanidis premiere Nov. 20 & 21
- Vista concert presents chamber music by Brahms, Prokofiev, and more Dec. 7
- Three Yale divas on bill with New Haven Symphony Orchestra
- Yale in New York presents Songs from the Koch Collection Dec. 4, 7
- Yalies win in Metropolitan Opera Eastern Region District Auditions
- Symposium on Music in Schools to reward partnerships June 2015
- L.A. Times: Classical quintet, female inmates in mutual awe at L.A. County Jail
- Melvin Chen plays Prokofiev and Brahms Dec. 10
- Wall Street Journal: Sharon Isbin: Notes From a Classical Guitarist
- How Do You Solve a Problem Like Scalia? Set His Dissents to Music
- Annual New Music for Orchestra concert features student works December 11
- Yale Opera presents Liederabend: An Evening of Russian Songs Dec. 6
- In memoriam: William Gill Gridley, Jr., trustee of Battell Stoeckel Estate in Norfolk
- YDN: Yale groups to perform with Grammy Award-winning artist
- Students of David Shifrin perform clarinet studio recital Dec 8
- Guitar Chamber Music returns December 9
- Peter Klimo ’14MM wins silver in International Franz Liszt Piano Competition
- Larry Weng wins silver in Wideman International Piano Competition
- Clarinetist David Shifrin performs twentieth-century French music Dec. 15
- Grammy nominations for YSM alumni include Thomas Newman, William Christie
- Christopher Cerrone ’14DMA wins ASCAP’s Leonard Bernstein Award
- School acquires unusual Italian cello
- All-City Honors Ensembles perform first ever Winter Concert
- Yale Percussion Group performs Jan. 24 at Yale, Jan. 25 at Carnegie Hall
- Valery Gergiev and Mariinsky Chorus to visit Yale Jan. 16
- Not Your Typical School Productions: Music Students Play Major Role in NY Culture
- Peter Frankl plays recital of Beethoven and Schumann Jan. 14
- Violinist David Radzynski ’12MM appointed concertmaster of Israel Philharmonic
- In memoriam: Claude Frank, piano
- In memoriam: Richard Rephann, 82
- The Glorious Year 1685: Arthur Haas in recital Jan. 21
- Four Nations Ensemble performs at the Collection Jan. 25
- Yale Opera performs The Marriage of Figaro at the Shubert Theater Feb. 13–15
- Yo-Yo Ma performs at Yale, awarded Sanford Medal (photos)
- Yale in NY presents the Yale Percussion Group at Carnegie Hall Jan. 25
- Yongyan Hu leads the Yale Philharmonia in Debussy, Ravel, and more Jan. 23
- New video: Ghana & Yale, United in Rhythm
- Fiddle workshop with Stacy Phillips Jan. 26
- Violinist Wendy Sharp and friends perform chamber music Jan. 25
- POSTPONED: Brentano String Quartet plays music from Haydn to MacMillan Jan. 27
- Wei-Yi Yang plays Scriabin, Chopin, Liszt Feb. 4
- New Music New Haven features David Lang, Hannah Lash Feb. 5
- Yale Opera students place in Metropolitan Opera’s New England Regional Finals
- Peter Frankl, Ole Akahoshi perform the five Beethoven cello sonatas Feb. 8
- Wei-Yi Yang review: Yale Pianist Dazzles With Chopin, Liszt, Scriabin
- Yale Brass Trio celebrates music from the Renaissance to today in Feb. 9 concert
- Ettore Causa, Boris Berman perform music by Beethoven and Brahms Feb. 16
- YDN: $57.1 million music complex slated to begin construction
- Danish String Quartet plays music by Haydn, Schubert, and Adès Feb. 17
- Gold and Glitter: Aulos Ensemble presents music from Venice and Versailles Feb. 22
- Music in Schools Initiative announces new Winter Festival
- Live Chat with Boris Berman Feb. 17
- Faculty trio plays Czech chamber music Feb. 22
- Ellington Jazz Series presents “The American Jazz Century” March 6
- New Music New Haven to feature guest composer Bryce Dessner March 5
- Alum Owen Dalby to join St. Lawrence String Quartet in June 2015
- Yale Philharmonia plays Mozart, Beethoven, Bartók Feb. 27
- Yehudi Wyner elected president of Academy of Arts & Letters
- In memoriam: composer Ezra Laderman, 90
- New York Times on Willie Ruff
- Financial Life After Yale: Workshop on March 25
- Yale alumni win awards from American Academy of Arts and Letters
- WNPR: Willie Ruff Uses Cinema Skills to Intro Pianist Aaron Diehl’s Trio Set at Yale
- New York Times notes passing of Ezra Laderman
- Alumnus Ronald A. Crutcher to be President of University of Richmond
- Hung-Kuan Chen plays Liszt, Scriabin, Chopin, and more March 25
- MusAid workshop brings young Central American musicians to New Haven
- Chamber Music Series presents Letters from Argentina March 31
- Carl Stanley ’15MM, trumpet, wins position in West Point Band
- Cellos and jokes
- Yale prof David Lang’s music has a job to do in ‘Caucasian Chalk Circle’
- New Music New Haven features composer-pianist Vijay Iyer April 2
- New videos: John Adams conducts the Yale Philharmonia
- Peter Hedrick ’61MM publishes An Early Hautboy Solo Matrix: Solos for the Hautboy before 1710
- Alumnus Matthew Plenk joins voice faculty of Lamont School of Music
- Winning participants announced for fifth Yale Symposium on Music in Schools
- Violinist Corin Lee ’13MM joins string quartet ETHEL
- Aldo Parisot leads the Yale Cellos in concert on Wednesday, April 15
- YSM violinists advance in Seoul and Queen Elisabeth Competitions
- Peter Oundjian leads the Yale Philharmonia in Wagner, Korngold, Brahms April 10
- Suliman Tekalli wins second prize in Seoul International Violin Competition
- “Refreshing” El Mundo Ensemble performs at Collection April 12
- New York Times: Plucking Notes, and Strings, of Long Ago
- Guest musicians to give a tango workshop April 1
- Workshop on April 20: Orchestral Opportunities in the 21st Century
- Clarinet master class with Roeland Hendrikx April 14
- Sean Chen awarded fellowship for career development from Leonore Annenberg Fund
- Trevor Gureckis ’07MM writes on New Music Box
- NewMusic4us Sunday at Firehouse 12 in New Haven
- Enrico Sartori ’05 MM wins position with BBC Scottish Symphony
- Winners of 2015 Chamber Music Competition announced
- Andrew Norman named new director of L.A. Phil’s Composer Fellowship Program
- Viola alumnus Jacob Adams joins faculty of University of Alabama
- Zachary Wadsworth ’07 MM to join Williams College faculty
- 40 Under 40 2015 Caroline Shaw
- Yale Opera’s spring production May 2–3 offers three operas each performance
- Yale Philharmonia plays Russian music and more May 1
- Alumna Polina Nazaykinskaya awarded Soros Fellowship for New Americans
- Concerto Competition to take place Saturday, April 18
- Winners of 2015 Concerto Competition announced
- POSTPONED: Career Strategies presents networking workshop April 28
- Alumnus Matthew Barnson receives Guggenheim Fellowship
- Julia Wolfe ’86 MM wins Pulitzer Prize in Music
- New appointments for oboe alumni Merideth Hite, Andrew Parker, Joseph Peters
- Bassoonist Yen-Chen Wu wins second prize in Koussevitzky Young Artist Award Competition
- Recordings by YSM alumni make Rhapsody’s Top Ten Classical Albums for March
- Christopher Cerrone ’14 DMA wins Rome Prize
- Guitar Chamber Music concert May 6 pairs guitar with winds and strings
- Brentano String Quartet performs season-closing concert May 13
- U.S. News & World Report profiles YSM alum David Radzynski
- Haiti’s Minister of Culture visits Yale
- Kate Sheeran appointed Provost and Dean of San Francisco Conservatory of Music
- David Lang receives honorary doctorate from Ohio State University
- Richard Gard to conduct at Carnegie Hall June 29
- Solo Showcase to feature young New Haven musicians
- May 17 Commencement Concert showcases the Class of 2015
- June 5 event combines concert and conversation
- Percussion alumni win orchestra, faculty appointments
- Boston Globe: Antico Moderno focuses on fresh sounds for period instruments
- Two YSM alumni are among Copland House’s CULTIVATE Fellows for 2015
- Argus Quartet named for fellowship program
- Invisible Anatomy, collective of YSM alumni, performs in Beijing
- van Sice, Robert
- Palma, Donald
- Verdery, Benjamin
- Lang, David
- Panetti, Joan
- Kernis, Aaron Jay
- Shifrin, David
- Berman, Boris
- Baumgardner, Astrid
- Gard, Richard
- Haas, Arthur
- Baty, Janna
- Berry, Paul
- Akahoshi, Ole
- Aki, Syoko
- Rathey, Markus
- Bresnick, Martin
- Cross, Richard
- Dean, Allan
- Cross, Doris
- Chen, Melvin
- Chen, Hung-Kuan
- Causa, Ettore
- Douma, Jeffrey
- Frankl, Peter
- Han, June
- Friedmann, Michael
- Duffy, Thomas
- Jean, Martin
- Oundjian, Peter
- Murray, Thomas
- Morelli, Frank
- Lash, Hannah
- Kavafian, Ani
- Kang, Hyo
- Jantsch, Carol
- Hawkshaw, Paul
- Hartman, Scott
- Hahm, Shinik
- Dickson, Douglas
- Parisot, Aldo
- Parisot, Elizabeth
- Purvis, William
- Ruff, Willie
- Sharp, Wendy
- Shimada, Toshiyuki
- Taylor, James
- Taylor, Stephen
- Theofanidis, Chris
- Wilson, Ransom
- Yang, Wei-Yi
- Yu, Kyung
- Mealy, Robert
- Jeffrey Brillhart
- Blocker, Robert
- Ruth, Sebastian
- Shaindlin, Timothy
- Olin, Emily
- Brooks, Marguerite
- Verzatt, Marc
- Malafronte, Judith
- Taylor, Ted
- Holzer, Robert
- Swann, Kyle
- Hill, David
- Lee, Nina
- Amory, Misha
- Canin, Serena
- Steinberg, Mark
- William Boughton
- The Whole Drum Truth
- Cosi fan Tutte
- Anne Midgette
- Percussion @ YSM
- The Harmony of the World
- Opera @ YSM
- Viola @ YSM
- Music in Schools
- Composition @ YSM
- Decoda
- Piano @ YSM
- Guitar @ YSM
- Trumpet @ YSM
- Morse Summer Academy
- Shuler & Harries
- Commencement 2012
- All-City Honors Chorus
- All-City Honors Band
- I Capuleti e i Montecchi
- Greetings from Dean Blocker
- Why Music?
- Sean Chen, piano
- Rediscovering Wonder
- Edson Scheid, violin
- Glockenliebe
- Leo Brouwer Duet
- Mozart Piano Quartet
- Henry Kramer, piano
- Lee Dionne, piano
- Conversation w/David Lang
- Inauguration Celebration
- Schlosberg’s “Frau Trude”
- Violin @ YSM
- Flute @ YSM
- “La Bohème” TV Spot
- Norfolk Chamber Music Festival
- Bliss: Oboe Quintet
- Boris Berman LiveChat
- On Vineyard Sound
- Bassoon @ YSM
- The Soldier’s Tale
- Mass in C minor: Qui tollis
- Mass in C minor: Sanctus
- The Soldier’s Tale
- A Musical Tribute to the Class of 1959
- Nkonsonkonson “Unity” Concert
- Tuba @ YSM
- Convocation Ceremony 2014
- Paul Cho, clarinet
- Ole Akahoshi, cello
- Suliman Tekalli, violin
- Carol Jantsch, tuba
- Horn @ YSM
- Conversation with David Shifrin
- John Adams and Pres. Peter Salovey
- Trombone @ YSM
- Oboe @ YSM
- Ghana & Yale: United in Rhythm
- Yale Opera: The Marriage of Figaro
- An American in Paris
- Barber: Symphony No. 1
- Introduction and Allegro
- Symphonic Metamorphosis
- Beethoven Symphony No. 4
- Absolute Jest
- Stravinsky’s Orpheus
- Clarinet @ YSM
- May 2015 (15)
- April 2015 (22)
- March 2015 (27)
- February 2015 (15)
- January 2015 (17)
- December 2014 (18)
- November 2014 (24)
- October 2014 (29)
- September 2014 (24)
- August 2014 (14)
- July 2014 (11)
- June 2014 (21)
- May 2014 (27)
- April 2014 (35)
- March 2014 (45)
- February 2014 (53)
- January 2014 (40)
- December 2013 (25)
- November 2013 (62)
- October 2013 (70)
- September 2013 (62)
- August 2013 (25)
- July 2013 (14)
- June 2013 (25)
- May 2013 (16)
- April 2013 (22)
- March 2013 (21)
- February 2013 (21)
- January 2013 (20)
- December 2012 (14)
- November 2012 (17)
- October 2012 (19)
- September 2012 (10)
- August 2012 (5)
- July 2012 (4)
- June 2012 (8)
- May 2012 (15)
- April 2012 (28)
- March 2012 (17)
- February 2012 (16)
- January 2012 (22)
- December 2011 (9)
- November 2011 (25)
- October 2011 (18)
- September 2011 (18)
- August 2011 (6)
- July 2011 (4)
- June 2011 (15)
- May 2011 (13)
- April 2011 (22)
- March 2011 (26)
- February 2011 (23)
- January 2011 (17)
- December 2010 (6)
- November 2010 (18)
- October 2010 (20)
- September 2010 (22)
- August 2010 (3)
- July 2010 (9)
- June 2010 (8)
- May 2010 (6)
- April 2010 (20)
- March 2010 (14)
- February 2010 (14)
- January 2010 (24)
- December 2009 (9)
- November 2009 (16)
- October 2009 (20)
- September 2009 (15)
- August 2009 (5)
- June 2009 (10)
- May 2009 (14)
- April 2009 (23)
- March 2009 (21)
- February 2009 (15)
- January 2009 (11)
- December 2008 (8)
- April 2008 (1)Statik Selektah ft. Joey Bada$$ & Freddie Gibbs - Carry On
Artist: Statik Selektah
Featuring: Joey BadA$$, Freddie Gibbs
Producer: Statik Selektah
Album: What Goes Around
Avg Rating:
3.3 ( 3 votes )
.
Statik SelektahJoey BadA$$Freddie Gibbs Music VideosIndieLyrical
Written by richard on Jun 03, 2014
More from Statik Selektah
Submit your Rating
You Might Like...
Featured Video
DJBooth TV
TOP 20 MUSIC CHARTS
Discover the best new songs, videos, and albums added to the Booth.3 major candidates for Massachusetts governor refuse to make tax returns public
The Associated Press By
on May 13, 2010 at 3:00 PM, updated May 14, 2010 at 8:32 AM
on May 13, 2010 at 3:00 PM, updated May 14, 2010 at 8:32 AM
BOSTON – The three major-party Massachusetts gubernatorial candidates are refusing to release their state and federal income tax returns. Democratic Gov. Deval L. Patrick, Republican challenger Charles D. Baker and independent candidate Timothy P. Cahill all refused requests made this month by The Associated Press. Some noted they are filing governmental statements of financial interest later this month, but those forms are vague and list financial information only in broad categories. Patrick’s spokesman, Alex Goldstein, said the governor’s filing will go “beyond what is required by law.” The other candidates hinted at a game of political chicken with their political rivals. “Please let us know when you receive the past seven years of returns from Governor Patrick, Charlie Baker and Jill Stein and we will forward his,” said Cahill’s spokeswoman, Amy Birmingham. Stein is running under the Green-Rainbow Party banner and did not immediately respond to a request for her returns. Baker initially indicated he would consider releasing his returns, saying he would make a final decision after the tax-filing deadline. A spokesman said Thursday he would not do so unilaterally. “Charlie Baker would be pleased to release his tax returns if Deval Patrick and Tim Cahill agree to do the same, since neither one of them released tax returns in their three previous statewide campaigns or their combined 10 years in office,” said spokesman Rick Gorka. The AP’s request coincided with this week’s deadline for filing returns. Residents in seven Massachusetts counties were given filing extensions from April 15 to May 11 after spring flooding in eastern Massachusetts. New organizations traditionally seek returns to check charitable contributions, glean potential conflicts of interest or departures from political positions and to ensure candidates both filed on time and paid their fair tax obligation. Democratic President Barack H. Obama and his Republican predecessor, George W. Bush, joined many other politicians in releasing their returns, but Massachusetts politicians have increasingly refused to do so. Patrick would not when he first ran for governor in 2006, and his predecessor, Republican Gov. W. Mitt Romney also refused. The same was true for the late Sen. Edward M. Kennedy, and is the case for newly elected Sen. Scott P. Brown. Sen. John F. Kerry files separately from his wife, multimillionaire philanthropist Teresa Heinz Kerry, but he released his returns during his 2004 presidential campaign and traditionally does in his Senate re-election years.Can it be harmful to adults as well? If yes, why the emphasis on children?
Dr. Greene’s Answer:?
One CommentAdd a Comment
Patvir
My Daughter 6.5 yr old has abdomen pain for about a month. She was given antibiotics but pain has reduced but not gone.
She had an Ultrasound which shows 12mm lymph node near appendix, but ultrasound doctor mentioned to rule out appendicitis. But Padetrician I had shown recommend CT scan.
I had changed 3 doctors, but they just say get a CT scan to identify root cause, without thinking of radiations which I fear can cause harm in future.
Her blood reports have shown WBC count at 4100. Currently she is taking Spetran Syrup twice.
Do we go ahead for CT scan? Can we avoid this or redo Ultra sound.
Added:Yesterday, I posted the e-mail I wrote DriveTime when they responded to my tweets. Just as they promised, on of their representatives contacted me within just a few hours. Here's what they had to offer to "fix" the issue with my car and their business practices:
- They will pay for one hour of diagnostics on my car at the VW dealership.
- If the problems VW finds on my car aren't covered by the warranty on my car (and history tells me they won't be) they will defer two of my car payments so paying for the repairs won't be quite so hard.
That sounds really good, no? Well, except who pays if the diagnostics take more than hour? Am I supposed to foot the bill for the extra? Oh, and when I pressed the rep further on the "defer" offer, since, thanks to being a person who is really good at English (and may or may not have a lot of student loan payments that have been deferred more than once), he was forced to admit that , yeah, the payments would be added to the end of my loan, so it would be a little longer, which means extra interest on the loan. So, their offer to "help" me, really makes them more money in the end.
I know, it made me feel all warm and fuzzy, too.
The rep also informed me they would not put me in another car at this point in the loan. When I called him out on the fact I'd asked to be put in a car two weeks into the loan and they refused then as well, so wanting out of the car is neither a new request or new information, he had to agree. As a matter of fact, he had to admit there was documentation in my account I'd expressed concerns right after we got the car. Concerns that were ignored.
They asked me to please not go any further public with our fight until I go to the VW dealership, but in good conscious I couldn't. The issue I am facing is not with one DriveTime dealership. If you look at their Facebook page or do a google search, you'll see this is a company wide issue and there are thousands of people facing issues similar to mine all over this country. I owe it to everyone who is dealing with this company and their lemons to make their practices as public as possible.
I'm all about a company who actually helps people having a hard time getting ahead. I am disgusted by one who pretends to be one and then flips the bird at the already downtrodden people they screw over. DriveTime is one of those companies. They are a predator and their prey is people who are down on their luck, poor and who may not know their rights or how to even begin fighting their unethical business practices.
Unfortunately for them, I don't fit that description.
1 comment:
Have you thought of invoking the lemon law. My father in law did that with Ford. You have more than enough documentation to get restitution. Here is a link to info on this.
Good luck:)
BeverlyBulloch Hall, in Roswell Georgia, was the home of Mittie Bullock who was Teddy Roosevelt's mother, and Eleanor's grandmother. Kathleen Moak is at the hearth and my son, Drew Reber [many years ago] is handling the working beehive oven.
Delaware
DE Delaware Agricultural Museum and Village. Dover 1890s
DE Fort Delaware State Park. Delaware City 1859
DE Greenbank Mills 1760s
DE Historic Houses of Odessa 1700
DE John Bell House. First State Heritage Park. Dover
DE John Dickinson Plantation. Dover
DE Read House. New Castle 1801
Florida. Georgia
FL Colonial Spanish Quarter St. Augustine 1740
FL Bellevue Plantation. Tallahassee Museum 1854
GA Bulloch Hall Roswell 1839
GA Georgia Agrirama Tifton 1870s; 1890s
GA New Echota Historic Site Calhoun 1820s
GA Shields Ethridge Heritage Farm. Nicholls. early 1840s
GA Tullie Smith Farm Atlanta History Center, Atlanta 1840s
GA Westville: Georgia's working 1850 town
Hawaii
HI Kona Coffee Living History Farm, Captain Cook 1920-45
HI Mission Houses Museum, Honolulu 1820-1863Posts Tagged ‘A Message to Garcia’
- 1
Marines Corpswide are Hitting the Books
Marines have always taken pride in their rich history and the valor of Marines who have come before them. The acts of legendary figures like Dan Daly, Chesty Puller and John Ripley have inspired Marines [Read more...]© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
September 27, 2013 6:57 pm
Dressed in rich red robes and sitting cross-legged on the floor, the elderly monk in front of us doesn’t look much like a tourism entrepreneur. Speaking softly, he bids us to enter. I catch my breath, wheezing slightly, having struggled up dozens of stairs in the thin Himalayan air to the very pinnacle of Thiksey monastery in the northern Indian province of Ladakh.
The Rinpoche, as the monk is known, has close-cropped white hair and a kindly smile. His quarters are sparse: plain wood panelling, a handful of golden Buddhist icons and the faint whiff of incense from the recently completed morning prayers downstairs.
The surroundings are, in short, suitably monastic. Yet look out of the window and down over the mountain-ringed Indus river valley below and you can make out a campsite; a luxury campsite, in fact, set on the monastery’s land.
Run by the Ultimate Travelling Camp, the project is an unusual commercial and spiritual partnership. “One of our monks was given responsibility to work with the camp,” the Rinpoche says, explaining that he will use any funds gained from supporting Ladakh’s’s capital, which stands more than 11,500ft above sea level. A half-hour drive out of town later and the monk mentioned by the Rinpoche greets us as we arrive at the camp’sia’s most northerly tip, Ladakh sits between the flanks of neighbouring China and Pakistan. Until the 1970s, security concerns combined with the region’s didn’t have much in the way of infrastructure, where there weren’t any five stars. And there, Ladakh was an obvious choice,” says Prem Devassy, the facility’s general manager. After a trial period this month, the camp will be open fully from June next year for Ladakh’sia’s.
One of the bedroom tents with a four-poster isn area’s-coloured Himalayan marmots scampering about in the distance. But the real treat comes on the return leg, when we are greeted by a table and canopy on the mountainside, under which the camp’s staff provide a surprise three-course picnic. Polishing off my pudding, I realise it’s the highest meal I’ve ever eaten.
Yet amid all the dramatic scenery, I remain most intrigued by the relationship between the camp and its hosts. We visited the monastery at 6am one morning, clambering up the many steps to watch two monks standing on the roof, greeting the dawn by blasting on horns as the sun rose over the mountains..
“The camp will help us in many different ways . . . and next year they have plans for 20 tents,” he says, looking down from his windows, seemingly happy to watch Ladakhi tourism prosper in his own backyard.
-------------------------------------------
Details
James Crabtree was a guest of Ampersand Travel (). It offers a package from £3,298 per person for seven nights, based on two sharing, including return flights from London, domestic flights between Delhi and Leh, airport transfers, five nights’ full board at the Chamba Camp, two nights’ bed and breakfast at Trident Gurgaon, and two half-day tours of Delhi
-------------------------------------------
Boost from Bollywood: The kiss effect
Breathtaking, austere scenery remains Ladakh’s most obvious draw but its re-emergence as a popular destination for Indian visitors has also been helped along by a more glamorous source: Bollywood.
The region provided the backdrop for the final stages of Three Idiots, a 2009 production that went on to become one of the most commercially successful Hindi-language films of all time.
The film features the sparkling, azure-blue waters of Pangong lake, about 150km from the Thiksey camp. Reaching the lake from the camp involves a gruelling five-hour drive up and over an alarming mountain pass and then onwards into the Nubra valley, a strikingly isolated area that lies to the north of the capital Leh.
In the comedy’s final scene, actor Aamir Khan’s character is tracked down by his two best friends to the lakeside, ringed by dark, imposing mountains, where Khan has set up a school.
Accompanying them is Pia, the film’s female lead played by Kareena Kapoor, who embraces Khan by the water’s edge before the camera pans up and shows the final credits, streaming across a deep blue Ladakhi sky.
Despite its remote location, the site of Khan and Kapoor’s scenic final kiss has proved a considerable draw, kicking off a mini-tourist boom: the number of annual visitors to Ladakh has doubled to more than 170,000, just two years after the film’s release.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2015. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.Sandy's™ 6 Diaper Package
The Sandy's™ package is available in Small 8-20 lbs and Large 20-35 lbs and comes with:
6 Sandy's Diapers
3 Sandy's Absorbent Liners
2 Air Flow Snap Covers
The diapers and absorbent liners in this package are available in an assortment of popular eco-friendly Environmental Fabrics including Unbleached Cotton Terry, Bamboo Terry and Organic Cotton Terry.The cover for NHL 2K8 makes the new Sens sweater look pretty good in action. I freaking love those stripes on the pants and the shoulder patch. Everything else....
Too bad Spezz only got the 2K8 gig. Not that I'm a huge gamer but me and my brother Ben get these hockey games every year and EA Sports continually beats the snot out of the 2K games. It's not even close, although last years EA was terrible.
The hard part is convincing my wife that it's okay for a 31 year old to play video games.North Tangi Soccer Association: Welcome
REGISTRATION IS CLOSED!!!!
Game location for tournament is INDEPENDENCE.
This is a single elimination tournament with NO second chance throw-ins for U8 and above.
NO protests will be accepted.
Only changes to tourament schedule will be weather delays.
Good luck & hope you have fun.
Please register for the FREE SKILLS CLINIC being given by CHALLENGER SPORTS. All participants MUST register. You do NOT have to be a current season player to register. Anyone can register. Invite your friends. The link is below.
March 29th 2015
Independence Recreation Park
53309 West Fontana Road, Independence, LA 70443
North Tangi Youth Soccer League FREE Skills Clinic and British Soccer Camp Preview
General League Info:General League Info:
Players must be from age 3 up to not 15 before August 1, 2014. Players who have turned three and are being told by the system that there is not an age group for their age, MUST submit a paper registration form that can be found on our website (northtangisoccerleague.com) under the Forms/Schedules tab. Registration fee is $80 per player with a $5 family discount for additional players under the same family plan. Registration fee includes state registration fee and supplemental insurance from LSA, uniform jersey, shorts, & socks. (Players returning from the Fall 2014 season WITH uniform register as returning players for $50 per player.) Players will also need shin guards, soccer cleats (cleats without the front toe cleat), and an age appropriate practice ball. Skills day MUST be attended by all NEW players for evaluation purposes. Skills day is January 17th 2015 from 9AM to NOON at the Independence Soccer Fields. This year, due to new insurance and paperwork requirements, we will only practice on the fields in Amite and Independence, where we normally play games. Age groups will remain the same groups from the Fall 2014 season and are listed below. .Any children who will fall into the same age group that are requesting to play together MUST be noted on BOTH registrations. If you request a coach, please make sure the coach is in the appropriate age group or you request to play up with that coach if the player meets the criteria. Please note that requests are considered but NOT guaranteed and that once the player application is processed, there are NO REFUNDS.
If your child played soccer last year and you feel your child is advanced, younger age groups may request to play up by ONE year (U4 toU6 & U6 to U8 ONLY). This request MUST be made in the comment/request section of the registration form and you MUST pay the NEW PLAYER registration fee because you will be moved to a different team and will need a new jersey. (We can NOT allow anyone to play up for the U11 or U15 groups because they encompass too may age groups.)
Age Groups for the Fall 2014 Season & Spring 2015 Season:
U4 (under 4) Over 3 now, but under 4 on August 1, 2014. – This age group will practice & play on Saturdays and possibly practice up to once during the week.
U6 (under 6) Must not be 6 before August 1, 2014.
U8 (under 8) Must not be 8 before August 1, 2014.
U11(under 11) Must not be 11 before August 1, 2014.
U15 (under 15) Must not be 15 before August 1, 2014.
The ball sizes needed for each age division:
U4 size 3
U6 size 3
U8 size 4
U11 size 4
U15 size 5
Please consider donating any outgrown equipment (shin guards, cleats, balls,...) to the league.This can be done at the fields on practice or game days.
_______________________________________________________________________________________________
THANKS TO ALL OUR TEAM SPONSORS !!! If you have a facebook page let us know so we can "LIKED" it.
Our new facebook page is in progress. Check us out at "North TangiSoccer"
__________________________________________________________________________________________________
Spring Season Specifics:
Teams are formed based on where players register to practice, existing team returning players, and evaluations of new players in an attempt to match team player abilities and evenly distribute players.
All teams (except U4) practice where the players registered to practice, Amite or Independence. Practices are generally 1-2 days per week for 45 minutes - 1 1/2 hours. (Based on availability of coach and team age group.)
The season starts in Amite and moves to Independence at mid-season. Games are generally on Saturday, with some exceptions. Season ends with and end of seasonal year weekday tournament.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________
We ask that you respect our referees and forward any and all concerns or complaints to our email northtangisoccerleague@yahoo.com where you'll be contacted so that we can address the issues in a respectful manner. Please do not ever confront a referee on the field during a game. If you feel you have a complaint that needs to be addressed immediately please come get one of our board members on site.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________
Under SPONSORS tab you will find the sponsor, age division and coach !
"The rules of soccer are very simple, basically it is this; if it moves, kick it!
If it doesn't move, kick it until it does."
Any questions please contact
President - Daniel McAlister president@northtangisoccerleague.com
Vice President - Dion Rousse vicepresident@northtangisoccerleague.com
Registrar - Michelle McAlister playsoccer@northtangisoccerleague.com
Michelle McAlister 985-969-0413 (AFTER 4pm on weekdays) or mvmcalister@yahoo.com
or text 985-260-0647 ANY TIME(Computer text program)
Amite Rep and Field Manager-
Indy Rep and Field Manager- Daniel McAlister 985-215-9234
Treasurer- Jessica Blades treasurer@northtangisoccerleague.com
Referee Assignor- Michelle McAlister referee@northtangisoccerleague.com
Coaching Director -Ryan Joseph coach@northtangisoccerleague.com
Concession Director - Rose Joseph
Sponsorship and Uniforms-
At Large Member- Adra Johnson 985-351-3466Virgin Mobile hops on iPhone 5S wagon, available starting October 1
Virgin Mobile will begin offering the iPhone 5S later in just a few days, but don’t expect some sort of subsidized pricings as the phone will likely come with an off-contract tag.
The nice thing about prepaid is that you’re not tied down to a two-year contract upon getting your phone, but the catch is you have a high up front cost. Virgin Mobile, like any other prepaid carriers, offer phones at their full retail (or sometime even above) prices, and so we’re guessing the 5S will cost somewhere around $649.00 for 16GB and additional $100 increments for handsets with more storage.
The 5S isn’t a remarkably different device from that of the previous model, and people may not have much of an incentive to upgrade. Still, with features like the fingerprint sensor embedded into the home button, the 5S is still an appealing buy.
Oh, Virgin Mobile is also offering the 5C. The plastic remake of the iPhone 5 will, of course, cost less than the top-tier 5S. Both handsets will become available starting October 1.Tag: Nick Johnson
Nick Johnson finally placed on disabled list
Nick Johson expected to land on DL
Marlins injury news nothing like Mets'; Johan Santana out for rest of year
Nick Johnson says he’ll miss Marlins series this week with Mets
The Marlins will be without two veteran players for at least the next week: 1B Nick Johnson and RHP Brendan Donnelly.
Johnson, who hasn’t played since last Sunday, said he doesn’t expect to play during the Mets series that starts Tuesday in Miami.
“After what I just did I don’t see that happening,” he said after doing some light running this morning at Turner Field.
…
Marlins hope Nick Johnson can play against Mets
The Marlins will be without their two corner infielders today and possibly tomorrow — and that means they’ll be playing important games with a light bench.
3B Jorge Cantu was shut down after feeling more neck discomfort while trying to swing in the batting cage today. And the Marlins will try to avoid using 1B Nick Johnson at all this weekend while he rests his strained right hamstring.
…
Anibal Sanchez will start Friday for the Marlins
Marlins 1B Nick Johnson, out at least until Sunday, may be headed to the disabled list
It doesn’t sound like Nick Johnson will play at all on the road trip. And there’s a decent chance he could end up on the disabled list, retroactive to Sunday when he left the first inning of a double-header with a stained right hamstring.
The Marlins will need to make a roster move to make room for Friday’s starter – the bet is that Anibal Sanchez will come off the DL …
Hanley Ramirez can tie career-high hit streak tonight
Mar.
…
Marlins first baseman Nick Johnson could miss Houston series; Chris Volstad gets an extra day
1B Nick Johnson isn’t in the lineup tonight and he didn’t sound very confident that he’d be able to play any of the games in Houston this week.
Johnson said his strained right hamstring has continued to feel better since he left the first inning in game one of Sunday’s double-header. But the plan for now is rest and treatment.
…51° F
(
Getty Images
/
May 9, 2013
)
Secretary of State John Kerry (L) greets the press as Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta welcomes him in Rome on Thursday. Kerry insisted Thursday Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will have to step down as part of any political solution in Syria.
CTnow.com, 285 Broad St., Hartford, CT 06115
A Hartford Courant websiteMay.29, 2013
3D-printing company Shapeways announced a new Custom Ring Creator app that allows anyone to create their own 3D-printed rings in minutes. You can personalize existing ring templates or customize a completely unique design of your own.
To create a ring, you just upload a black&white image and Shapeways' Custom Ring App will turns it into a 3D ring. You can then customize your 3D ring, set size and select the material. Once completed, Shapeways will manufacture your design and send your 3D printed ring to your home.
To make it easy for users, Shapeways have uploaded quite a few templates from designers that you can modify. The cost of rings ranges from $2.3 to $130, depending on the material you choose.
Below is a video that Peter Weijmarshausen, Shapeways CEO gave John Biggs an tour at the recent Shapeways expansion in Long Island City showing the process from order to shipment.
Posted in 3D printing servicesU.S. Department of Transportation
Federal Highway Administration
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE
Washington, DC 20590
202-366-4000
Accelerating Innovation
<< Return to Accelerated Project Delivery Methods
Share your ideas on how to Shorten Project Delivery or Accelerate Technology and Innovation Deployment
The:
Coordinating ROW with Project Development. Coordinating ROW activities more successfully with other key project development actions can substantially shorten project delivery. Areas in which streamlined approaches can be employed include:
This initiative deals only with flexibilities allowed under existing regulations and statutes. Additional flexibilities that require new legislative changes will need to be addressed separately.
Unnecessary Caution Causes Unnecessary Delays. To ensure compliance with all relevant regulations, transportation agencies often approach the ROW process cautiously. State DOTs, MPOs, and local agencies may move elements of a project through the ROW process sequentially rather than concurrently. This can significantly lengthen the highway project development process.
There are many reasons for this hesitation. Agencies can be reluctant to use unproven approaches for fear of not meeting NEPA and Uniform Act requirements. They may also fear incurring non-reimbursable expenses.
Advantages of "At-Risk" ROW Activities. There are several flexibilities that can be utilized to expedite the ROW acquisition process. It is important that State, MPO, and local agency ROW staff are well versed and trained in all applicable ROW regulations. When done correctly, the risk of incurring non-reimbursable expenses is negligible. The Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) stands ready to help with this and it is strongly advised that a State work with FHWA if it intends to pursue "at-risk" activities.
Shortening Project Delivery. This initiative can have a major impact on project delivery time. FHWA will ensure that State DOTs, MPOs, and local agencies are able to employ these ROW process flexibilities:.
Injecting more flexibility into ROW practices and procedures is just one of the better, faster, smarter ways to conduct business championed by the Every Day Counts Initiative. It brings transportation agencies one step closer to FHWA's ultimate goal, as described by the Federal Highway Administrator, Victor Mendez: to cut project delivery time in half and more quickly advance innovation into daily practice.
Why are flexibilities needed in right-of-way (ROW) activities?
Right-of-way practices and procedures determine how Federal, State, MPO, and local agencies can acquire the land and property needed for transportation projects. The use of a streamline and concurrent ROW process will lead to better project decision-making and expedite the project delivery process.
What flexibilities can be incorporated into the ROW process?
The flexibilities are already available under federal, state, and local statues and regulations. Flexibilities include functional replacements, conditional right of way certifications, appraisal waiver, incentive payments to advance acquisition and relocation, appraisals and negotiations, and right-of-entry for federal land transfers.
How do these flexibilities affect project time?
Employing and coordinating the flexibilities already provided for in Statute and Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) regulations can save considerable time. A more streamlined ROW process will lead to better project decision-making and an improved and expedited project delivery. Some steps can be done concurrently. Other flexibilities include approaches to shorten existing steps.
What is functional replacement?
When publicly owned and publicly used land and facilities, such as fire stations or police departments, are needed for a highway project, the acquiring agency may replace the property instead of providing monetary compensation. The replacement property must provide equivalent functionality as the acquired property.
Are functional replacements possible on federal projects?
Yes. Use of functional replacement on a project with Federal participation must have concurrence by FHWA.
Can the same person now appraise a property and negotiate its sale?
The Federal regulations implementing the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, as amended, allow the same person who appraised, conducted the appraisal review, or made an appraisal waiver determination to negotiate the acquisition of a property whose value is $10,000 or less.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the flexibility in appraising and negotiating?
Where projects have limited staffing or are in remote locations, considerable money can be saved. A State DOT or local public agency can make more efficient use of its appraisal and acquisition staff and save travel money. The disadvantage is the possible public perception of conflict of interest. This is why some States and LPAs may choose not to use this flexibility.
What is a "conditional" right-of-way certification?
A "conditional" right-of-way certification is provided for in 23 CFR 635.309(c)(3). Sometimes called a "cert 3." This certification is used when some properties on the project that have not yet been acquired, which means the agency is in the process but does not yet have the right of occupancy and use for those properties. Cert 3 can also be used when some displaced persons remain on a project. This initiative provides training when these certifications may be used, helping DOTs, MPOs, and local agencies understand the risks and benefits.
What is a right-of-entry for Federal Land Transfers?
A right-of-entry is a right to enter and begin construction on property that will be acquired for a highway project. A right-of-entry may be requested from FHWA when the State or its nominee processes a Federal land transfer application through FHWA. If the right-of-entry is granted, the State may begin project construction immediately rather than waiting an extended period to execute a highway easement deed transferring the land to the State or nominee. This efficiency can significantly shorten project construction.
How are incentive payments used?
Incentive payments for relocation assistance and acquisition are a relatively new and exciting initiative for moving projects quickly through the right-of-way process. The purpose of incentive payments is to reduce overall project costs and delivery time in the right-of-way phase. Incentive can also minimize litigation and reduce other associated project costs. For example, offering an incentive for people to move early can cut project completion time.
What is Waiver Valuation?
Waiver valuation refers to the valuation process used and the product produced when the Agency determines that an appraisal is not required. The waiver valuation is an efficiency that allows State DOTs and local public agencies to maximize their appraisal staff's productivity. Instead of using an appraiser for low-value and uncomplicated appraisal assignments, an agency may use a qualified negotiator or other staff member to make a value determination.
What is the difference between a waiver valuation and an appraisal?
The requirements for a waiver valuation are less stringent than for an appraisal. The waiver provides significant cost savings, particularly when the acquiring agency has to depend on fee appraisers. The valuation thresholds for waiver determinations are $10,000. With Federal agency approval, the threshold is up to $25,000. Waivers apply to many parcels of land because agencies often acquire strips of property for highway widening or intersection improvements.
What flexibilities are available to coordinate ROW with project development?
This initiative supports the development of processes and agreements that minimize duplication of effort and reduce delays in project implementation. Areas in which streamlined approaches can be employed include preliminary design, land acquisition, utilities accommodation, and relocation project activities.On October 3, Night Slugs co-founder L-Vis 1990 will release his debut album Neon Dreams.
More pop-orientated than L-Vis’s previous work, it regardless expands on the more song-based formulas he explored on last year’s ‘Forever You’ EP, with a wealth of guest vocalists on board. It’s also more hardware driven than his previous work, dominated by a Roland TR-707 drum machine and various synths.
Earlier this year FACT premiered the first single, ‘Lost in Love’; we’re now streaming the entire album below..
VIDEO Watch Hillary's last speech to her staff as she resigns
Thanks: Clinton thanked Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns as she addressed employees at the State Department for the final time as Secretary of State
.
Saying goodbye: Clinton addressed employees at the State Department for the final time as Secretary of State on February 1, 2013, in Washington D.C.
.’
.’
'No decisions': 'I.’
Farewell: Clinton waved as she left the State Department in Washington for last time as America's top diplomat<<Personal Bad Debt
Filed under: Deductions
In my last post I wrote about how to write off a business bad debt on your tax return. Today, I’m going to explain writing off a personal bad debt. For example, say you loaned your brother-in-law $5,000 to buy a house and he never paid you back. That’s considered to be a “non-business bad debt.”
The key to claiming a personal bad debt is being able to prove that you tried to get your money. For example, I paid a boatload of money to send my son to college. He’s not paying me back. To be honest, I don’t expect him to – that college money was never meant to be a loan so I can’t claim a deduction for money that I was never supposed to get back in the first place.
If you’re claiming a personal debt, you’ll need to show that the money really was a loan, that you were supposed to receive payment, and that the payment was not and will not be received.
Evidence such as a signed loan agreement and copies of collection letters are going to be necessary. You don’t have to take the person to court – especially if you know that even if you win the court case you won’t get your money – but you do have to show that you tried to get paid. So, using the brother-in-law example, first you’d want a signed agreement showing that he intends to pay back the $5,000. Your agreement should show how he’s paying it back, and when. When he doesn’t pay you, you’ll want to send him a signed letter stating that you expect him to pay you. You will want to send that correspondence via certified mail, return receipt requested. This gives you evidence of trying to extract a payment from him.
Remember: Without some sort of evidence that the money really was a loan, and that you tried to get paid – you can’t claim the bad debt.
As far as the actual reporting goes, it gets reported as short-term capital losses on Form 8949 part 1 line 1. (Back in the old days that would be schedule D. It will still show up on your Schedule D when you’re done, but you’ll be inputting the information onto Form 8949.)
You’d write your brother-in-law’s name in column a. You’d put $5,000 in column f (that’s your basis), and you’d enter zero in column e (because it’s worthless now since he ain’t payin’ ya.) Make sure you check the box “C” because you’re not getting a 1099B form for this debt.
When you write off a personal bad debt like that, you’ll need to attach a statement to your tax return that has the following: a description of the debt, including the amount and when it became due, the name of the debtor and any business or family relationship that you have with him, the efforts that you made to collect the debt, and why you decided the debt was worthless. (For example – maybe your brother-in-law declared bankruptcy or may you know that legal action to collect the debt would probably not result in payment.)
Because it’s being claimed as a capital loss – you’re going to be limited to the same rules as other capital losses as far as the amount of the debt that can be used to offset your other income. So if the loan is the only thing that’s going to wind up on your Schedule D – then you’ll only be able to claim $3000 of the loss. The rest will carry over to the next year.
If you only take away one point of this blog post it should be that you must try to collect the payment before you try to claim the bad debt as a tax deduction. If you don’t try to collect, then the IRS can treat the debt as a gift and you lose out.
How.
The Government Imposes Taxes to Make Us Behave the Way it Wants Us To (An Editorial)
Filed under: Tax Credits, Taxes
The.
Saving for Unemployment
Filed under: Saving, Unemployment
I know what you’re thinking—don’t I mean saving for retirement? That’s what everybody talks about, right? Correct. Everybody talks about retirement, including myself, but this time I really mean saving for unemployment.
Why? It’s simple really. Hopefully, unless we die first, we all get to retire once. Some people go back to work, but it’s usually a “retirement job”. But for those of us in the baby boomer generation (post World War 2, 1946 to 1964), according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics, we can expect to be unemployed an average of 5.2 times over our working lifetimes.
Us Baby Boomers are all headed towards retirement already. So if the Boomers experience an average of 5 bouts of unemployment—what about then Gen-Xers and the groups after them? The Boomer generation experienced some of the greatest economic growth our country has ever seen—it’s quite possible that the younger generations could experience even more bouts of unemployment than we have.
So when I say you need to save for your unemployment, I am very serious.
Here’s what I’m seeing in the tax office. People come to me to do their taxes after they’ve been laid off. They have no savings so they dip into their 401(k)s to pay for groceries and stuff until they find a job. They keep spending at the same level they did while they were still employed, but their 401(k) money often has no withholding and there’s a 10% penalty for taking it out too soon. Tax time rolls around and they are stuck with a huge income tax bill—which they can’t afford to pay—so they take more money out of their 401(k)! It’s a vicious cycle. Sadly, there’s not much I can do to help here, especially after the damage is already done.
The big concern all these people have in common is that they did not have anything in their savings accounts when they lost their jobs. That’s a big problem all across America—people don’t have money in their savings accounts!
Think about this: Suppose your take home pay is $2,000 a month. Let’s say your rent is $1,000 a month. You spend about $500 a month on food and other necessities, and you’ve got about $500 extra that you play with. (Yes, I’m making the numbers easy.) Your bare minimum to survive is $1500 a month. Now, if you have zero dollars in your bank account and you lose your job—well you’re in dire straits in less than 30 days, right? You can’t make your rent payment. But if you have been putting $200 a month away for the past year, you’d have $2400 in the bank. At least your rent would be paid for another month and if you qualified for any unemployment benefits you might have 2 months worth of rent and food. Having some savings set aside buys you an important commodity: time.
Ideally, you want to have enough money to support you for at least six months of joblessness. The fellow in our scenario above would want to have $9,000 put away. ($1500 of monthly minimum expenses times 6 months = $9,000.) At $200 a month, that would take him almost 4 years of saving and I know that’s a little intimidating. But baby steps are how you get there. Everybody has to start someplace. Unless you’ve already been saving, it’s going to take some time to shore up enough money to support yourself for half a year. The big point here is to get started.
Pick a goal. Don’t have one? I’ll give you one. Start with $1,000 in the bank. $1,000 is way better than nothing isn’t it? Gives you a little cushion, right? If you’ve already got $1,000 saved, then your next goal is $5,000. If the $1,000 is still too intimidating then your goal is $100. You don’t even have to have the $100 in a bank—you can hide that under your mattress if you want. But by the time you get to $1,000 you really need to have a bank account.
Don’t get me wrong, it’s still important to save for retirement. But statistically speaking, you’re five times more likely to be unemployed for awhile before you ever reach retirement age. Oh, and what if I’m wrong and you never go jobless even once during your entire working career? Well that’s okay, now you’ve got some extra money saved for your retirement!
Oh and a note from my editor: Also know that you can deduct certain job search expenses as miscellaneous itemized deductions only if these expenses exceed 2% of your income and the job is in the same line of work as your prior one. Such expenses include employment agency placement fees, resume expenses, travel and transportation expenses, and local and long distance phone calls. And another note from me: The IRS keeps telling us that all the time, but in real life I have very few clients who actually get any tax benefit from that deduction. Keep your receipts, just in case, but for most folks, that deduction is pretty worthless.
DOM.
Is Your CPA Qualified to Do Your Taxes?
Filed under: Tax Preparation
Is your CPA qualified to do your taxes? Now that seems like a pretty dumb question right? Obviously CPAs do taxes and they’re smart so they can, right? So the answer should be yes. But to be honest, the real answer is: not always. And that’s been a pretty hot topic lately among tax professionals.
Here’s the story—The IRS has cracked down on tax preparers. They’ve started a new program where all preparers (even CPAs) must have something called a PTIN (Preparer Tax Identification Number) that goes on every tax return so they can be identified. They’ve also started a program that all tax preparers need to pass a test in order to get paid to prepare income taxes. People who pass the test are called Registered Tax Return Preparers (RTRPs). In addition to passing the test, RTRPs are required to take 15 hours of Continuing Professional Education credits every year.
Some people who do taxes do not have to take the RTRP test. Enrolled Agents (that’s what I am) don’t have to take the RTRP test because we already passed a series of tests that is more complex than the RTRP test. We’re licensed by the Department of Treasury, and we are required to take 24 income tax continuing education credits per year. Our licenses come up for renewal every three years, and we basically have our personal tax returns reviewed by the IRS before they grant us a new license. Because of our training, we can do things that RTRPs aren’t allowed to do. If you hire an EA, you know that person has had quite a bit of tax training and should be up to date on all the tax laws.
CPAs are another group that does not have to take the RTRP test. Once again, they’ve already passed the CPA exam—which is an even nastier test than the EA exam. (I often get into the EA versus CPA debate but I will concede that their test is harder than the EA exam.) CPA stands for Certified Public Accountant but one of my CPA friends says it stands for “the test is so awful I Couldn’t Pass it Again.” It is a bear of a test. CPAs are licensed by their respective states. They are also required to take continuing education credits to keep up their licenses—but here’s the problem—CPAs aren’t required to take any income tax education to maintain their licenses and do tax returns. None.
Many CPAs who prepare taxes take tax classes for their CPE credits—at least an update class. Update classes are important because the government changes the tax laws so frequently. There are hundreds of tax law changes every year—sometimes it seems like we get daily reports of new laws from Congress. Anyone who doesn’t at least take an update class every year shouldn’t be doing tax returns.
And that’s where the problem with CPAs doing tax returns lies—the ones who don’t keep up with the tax law. For every year that a CPA doesn’t update his tax education—there are more and more mistakes that happen. Sometimes it’s a little thing like a $30 telephone tax credit, maybe it’s a little bigger like missing a $400 making work pay credit. It was quite awhile ago now that the IRS changed the definition of a qualifying child for EIC purposes—you get that wrong on your tax return and you could be in big trouble. It was back in 2005 that the IRS changed the “uniform definition of a child” and I’m still seeing returns being prepared under the old rules. 2005!
I had a little “conversation” with someone who had incorrectly prepared my client’s tax return. (I was representing the fellow in an audit, but I hadn’t done the return.) “Well Missy, I’ve been doing taxes for over 20 years now and I think I know what I’m doing.” That was the problem—he didn’t know what he was doing, that’s why the client was being audited. The tax rules today are not the tax rules of 20 years ago. Heck! They’re not even the same rules as last year! (By the way, don’t call me Missy either.)
So how do you know if you’ve got yourself a CPA who knows taxes or not? Unless the IRS decides to monitor CPA training or licensing, the only way to protect yourself from a CPA who doesn’t really know taxes is to ask questions, the big one being—did you take a tax update class this year? Any CPA who takes tax season seriously did. Any CPA who didn’t take a tax update class doesn’t—and you should walk away.
There are competent, qualified CPAs out there who do a great job of preparing tax returns. Right now, there’s no way to tell who they are unless you take the time to ask questions. Until the IRS decides to officially identify the CPAs who are qualified to do taxes, asking questions is your only defense.
Jury Duty Pay is Taxable
Filed under: Taxable vs. Non-Taxable Income
Well that’s basically it. If you were trying to Google jury duty pay to find out if it’s taxable or not—here’s your answer. It is.
Usually when I make a blog post about something, it takes me a few sentences to get to the point. And this topic was so simple that I almost didn’t bother to write about it except that I just got back from the bank depositing my jury duty paycheck: $98.40! That’s for one entire week of jury duty. The going rate around here is $10 a day, $18 if you actually get put on a trial. They also reimburse you for mileage. Yeeehah!
As we commiserated around the jury room about our grand financial boondoggle, our jury foreman told us that the money wasn’t taxable, except he was wrong. You do have to pay tax on your jury duty income.
When you’re filling out your tax return, your jury duty income goes on line 21—other income. Most of the “do it yourself” computerized tax programs ask you if you had jury duty income and guide you through inputting it onto your return. It’s really not a big deal.
But what happens if you don’t put it down? Most people only get about $20 or $30 from their jury duty service. Will the IRS really go after you for missing that little amount of money? The thing is—yes, they will.
Now you have to remember that it’s not like some IRS agent is waiting to nab some poor innocent person who just happened to accidentally leave $30 off of his tax return. Believe it or not, they’re not vindictive like that. (Most of them aren’t anyway.) What really happens is that the big IRS computer does something called “document matching.” If your county courthouse issues you a 1099 for $30 and it’s not listed on your 1040, the IRS computer goes, “Whoopsies—this guys’ missing something,” and you’re going to get a nasty letter. (Okay, I’ve never really heard a computer say, “Whoopsies,” but you get my drift.)
So while a human would probably take a look and say, “Oh, I bet it’s just jury duty or something like that—it’s only $30, no big deal,” and skip right over it, the computer won’t. The computer will generate a letter saying that you didn’t report all of your income and that you need to pay additional tax. And that means paperwork, and IRS agents opening your file and looking. Now that probably isn’t a problem since you’ve got nothing to hide—except you’ve just neglected to report income in one area—what else aren’t you telling the IRS?
See how a simple little mistake can open a can of worms that shouldn’t even be a can of worms? So remember to report you jury duty income on your tax return. Don’t worry about the tax, you didn’t make that much on your jury duty pay to begin with. The tax won’t be that much.
Your Weird Business Idea: And Why it Might Not be So Crazy
Filed under: Small Business
Sometimes it’s a little eye opening to hear how someone else describes your job. I got that little “aha moment” the other day when my daughter explained my business as, “My Mom does taxes for people with weird businesses.” Now that’s not entirely true–I have lots of clients with perfectly “normal” jobs, but it’s also fair to say that I have a higher percentage of clients with “non-traditional” businesses than some of my peers.
My foray into weird businesses started years ago, back when I was the “newbie” at the big tax company. Basically, the way things worked there was that the senior preparers got their choice of the new clients and I got tossed the dregs–anybody they thought was an oddball that they didn’t want to deal with became my client. And they were pretty picky–artists, actors, exotic dancers, magicians–they were mine. When the circus came to town and one of the clowns called up asking if he could get his taxes done while they were in St. Louis– his call got put straight through to me. He shouldn’t have even been my client (all he had was a W2) but the receptionist heard “circus” and “clown” and obviously the call had to go to Jan. I did the return anyway. How could I resist doing a tax return for a real live clown from the circus? Too cool!
And that’s the thing–these business returns that nobody else wanted to work on–I loved. I got to meet really interesting people and solve some interesting problems. Quite frankly, if you can make your bird disappear in front of a live audience, then I’m inclined to write off the birdseed as a business expense. And while the IRS generally frowns upon claiming “make-up” as a business expense deduction, if you’re purchasing eye lash glue by the gallon and using it to glue your costume in place so that you don’t violate local decency ordinances–well then I think it is an ordinary and necessary cost of doing business.
It doesn’t matter whether you’re a lawyer, you own a flower shop, or you do standup comedy–at the end of the day you want to make enough money to put food on the table and a roof over your head. Business is business and you want to make a profit or you starve.
One of the biggest problems people with non-traditional businesses face is the perception that they’re going to starve if they go forward with that business idea. Let’s face it; if everybody tells you your idea is bad–it kind of puts doubts into your head, doesn’t it? And doubt can kill a business.
What if American Idol was around back in the 60s? Picture Bob Dylan singing his heart out and Simon Cowell saying, “Well Bob, you seem like a nice enough young man and you play the guitar fairly well, but this is a singing competition and you’re just not cut out to be the next American Idol.” (Go ahead, take a minute and insert your own favorite rock icon in there and how they get rejected, it’s kind of fun.) The point is, Bob Dylan didn’t quit and he went on to make an indelible mark on American music. (Okay, if you’re too young to know who Bob Dylan is–check out this link:
So what about you? What’s your idea? Is it crazy? I would have thought Facebook was a crazy idea. How much money did Mark Zuckerberg get out of that IPO? Billions! Are you old enough to remember pet rocks? Pet rocks are the gold standard of dumb, yet profitable, ideas. Someone took plain old rocks, stuck them in a box and sold them as pets. Everybody was buying them, it was nuts! It was a totally stupid idea and I’m sure that guy laughed all the way to the bank.
One of the advantages of having a non-traditional business is that you have to be twice as organized to come across as being half as legitimate. This is an asset. An attorney walks into a bank, says he’s an attorney, and everybody thinks, “Oh, this guy knows something.” While an attorney should know a lot about the law–some of them don’t know diddly squat about business. You walk into a bank, say you’re a professional geese herder and you sure as heck better have your ducks in a row (couldn’t resist the pun) if you’re going to get financing from them. (Yes, I know a professional geese herder–real business. Awesomely cool.) No one will take the geese herder seriously if she doesn’t know her stuff. Sometimes that uphill battle gives you the extra edge you need.
The bottom line is–if your business idea is a little strange, it doesn’t mean it’s not good. It could even be great. But you’ve got to do your homework. Know what it is you’re selling, who’s going to buy it, and how you’re going to get the product to the customer. A lot of new businesses get tripped up in the idea that they are “unique” and they don’t fit the basic mold. Here’s a tip for you–everybody is unique; everybody. Here’s my other tip–if you can’t answer the questions, what do I sell, who do I sell to, and how do I get the product to the customer? Then your business isn’t ready yet.
But if you know what you sell, who you sell it to, and how you get the product to your customer–then you’re in business!
Sole.Massachusetts regulators raise flags about Foxwoods Milford casino plan
With Milford voters set to deliver their verdict next week on a proposed Foxwoods casino, Massachusetts Gaming Commission investigators raised concerns Wednesday about the applicant’s lack of financing and the role the Connecticut-based tribe that owns Foxwoods would play in the casino’s operations.
The commission met Wednesday to consider the suitability of the applicant known as Crossroads Massachusetts to hold one of three casino gaming licenses in Massachusetts. Foxwoods, owned by the Mashantucket Pequot tribe in Connecticut, holds a minority ownership stake in the proposed project, and would manage the Milford casino.
The commission expects to issue its written suitability determination within days, hoping to make its ruling public before voters in Milford weigh in next Tuesday. If both votes swing in Crossroads’ favor, the applicant will be allowed to submit its Phase II casino application to the commission, for which the deadline is Dec. 31.
Karen Wells, director of the commission’s investigations and enforcement bureau, told the five-member panel that Crossroads had a “glaring issue” with its application because it had not yet secured a 55 percent equity ownership stake in the project.
“This hearing is somewhat unusual because I can’t make a recommendation because we don’t have a complete picture of what this applicant is going to look like,” Wells said.
Wells also said the background investigation raised questions about the group’s ability to operate a successful casino in Massachusetts given the debt and declining revenues at the Foxwoods property in Connecticut.
Scott Butera, president and chief executive of Foxwoods, told the commission that Crossroads has two “very, very strong offers” to fill the equity funding gap and was in active negotiations that should be wrapped up soon.
Though he did not disclose the potential partners due to confidentiality agreements, Butera said one is a private equity fund that had been involved in gaming and has been licensed in other jurisdictions. That group has offered to put up $350 million for the project, and would be involved in the project’s development and governance. Deutsche Bank would provide the loans to finance much of the project.
The second potential partner is a public traded company that would provide a seven-year loan to help finance the project, and purchase the group’s real estate assets to lease them back to Crossroads Massachusetts to operate the casino. Foxwoods, which would maintain a 10 percent ownership stake under both plans, would be the casino operator.
Butera also said that Foxwoods recently went through a restructuring process to reduce its $2.2 billion debt that became a problem after Foxwoods was in the midst of expansion when the recession hit in 2008, precipitating a decline in revenues. With restructuring completed in July, Butera said, the casino is now on strong financial footing, having reduced its debt by $550 million.
David Mackey, an attorney for the Gaming Commission, also grilled the applicants on Wednesday about the management structure of the proposal casino group and the reasons behind a change in the structure earlier this year that removed the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Council from their position.
Under the new structure, a three-person committee that includes Butera and Tribal Council Chairman Rodney Butler would oversee daily operation of the casino, but would not report to the full council. Foxwoods would also be just one member of the overarching board of partners controlling the casino and its development.
Mackey questioned whether the change was made to ensure that members of the tribal council would not be subjected to background checks as qualifiers on the application, noting that former Tribal Council treasurer Steven Thomas had been indicted on federal felony theft charge.
Background investigators aired their concerns about the “firewall” between Foxwoods Massachusetts and the Connecticut tribe holding up after the licensing process is over. The applicants said the structure did help limit the number of people considered qualifiers on the application, and has been used in other jurisdictions with success.
Crossroads has proposed to build a $1 billion resort casino off Interstate 495 in Milford with unique New England characteristics and architecture. “The whole idea of this is something meant to be elegant, not opulent,” Butera said.
Located on 187 acres, only 15 percent of the land will be used for the casino development, while the remaining property will be converted into open spaces and greens, bike paths, nature walks and recreation facilities, according to developers. The applicants have pledged $100 million in transportation infrastructure improvements to widen Interstate 495 and build a connector road directly to the property that will decrease traffic through the town and allow easy access to the 200,000 square-foot gaming floor, 500-room hotel, restaurants, retail and more.
“We think that because we’re in the suburbs and that Foxwoods is used to operating in the suburbs we can be a great compliment to those businesses in Boston as opposed to competing with them,” Butera said.
Milford stands to receive $30 million upfront and $30 million annually from the casino in taxes and shared revenue, according to its host agreement with Crossroads, which has pledged to create 3,000 construction jobs and 3,500 permanent jobs in the town.
Despite similar perks offered in host community agreements signed with other cities and towns, casino developers have struggled of late to win over local voters. Residents in Palmer last week narrowly defeated Mohegan Sun’s proposal for a casino in western Massachusetts, while East Boston voted against Suffolk Downs’ bid to build a casino resort at the site of the horse racing track on the Revere-Boston border.
While Suffolk Downs is scrambling to reconstruct its casino bid entirely in Revere where voters strongly approved the project, Wynn Resorts is the only other bidder competing with Crossroads for the eastern Massachusetts license. Steve Wynn has proposed a resort on the Mystic River in Everett.
Butera said Crossroads, if successful in its application, could open its Milford casino by the fall of 2017.You are hereHome › Entertainment › Books ›
Free Events At The New Dwyer Cultural Center
Youth performers from Community Works Making a Difference Program from P.S. 149, P.S. 154, and P.S. 242 and more... rsvp 212-459-1854, info@dwyercc.org
[Dwyer Calendar]
The Dwyer Center announces an impressive lineup of events between June 19-June 22, 2009. All events are free but reservations required. Please call 212-459-1854 or email info@dwyercc.org
Please visit our website for more information
The Center is located at 258 St. Nicholas @ 123rd Street, New York, NY 10027. Calendar: Friday, June 19, 7pm. HARLEM NIGHTS: harlem is...MUSIC: The Blues Tradition
Honoring Sandra Reaves-Phillips, acclaimed Actress and Blues Legend Featuring...historic performance by Harlem's own "ladies of the blues" Ghanniyyah Green, Lady Cantrese and LeeOlive Tucker. Moderated talk with Sandra Reaves-Phillips; Professor Farah Griffin, Director of the Institute for Research in African-American Studies at Columbia University; and blues historian/writer Gregory Thomas. rsvp 212-459-1854, info@dwyercc.org
And don't miss; Saturdays at the Dwyer. Saturday, June 20, 1-5pm
Featuring performances and workshops by... Craig Harris, renowned Jazz musician and composer Captain Keith Gamble, blues vocalist and guitarist. Veteran Harlem actor and Broadway star James Stovall Local Harlem tap dancers featuring Michela Marino Lerman & Friends Harlem's own Impact Repertory Theater All-Star Jazz trio The quilters behind the Harlem Sewn Up exhibition ...Plus a hands-on quilting workshop and demonstrations!
Youth performers from Community Works Making a Difference Program from P.S. 149, P.S. 154, and P.S. 242 and more... rsvp 212-459-1854, info@dwyercc.org
Introducing... The Roger Furman Reading Series . Monday, June 22, 7pm
This special evening will salute the 45th anniversary of New Heritage Theatre with a performance of "Entitled," written by Esther Armah and directed by Petronia Paley.
rsvp 212-459-1854, info@dwyercc.org CHECK OUT THE DWYER GALLERIES...harlem is...MUSIC, celebrating the rich musical history of Harlem and the legacy keepers of today.
Harlem Sewn Up 2009: Quilted Reflections of a Community, curated by Laura R. Gadson Experience the incredible work of a group of artists who use thread and fabric to dynamically vocalize their insights and views.
Reservations required, please call. 212-459-1854 or email info@dwyercc.org Please visit our website for more information
Funding Provided By: Promotional and Print materials for Dwyer Cultural Center are made possible with a special grant from Robert Sterling Clark Foundation.
Harlem Nights is funded, in part, by New York Council for the Humanities, a state affiliate of the National Endowment for the Humanities; by Manhattan Borough President Scott M. Stringer, under contract with New York City Department for the Aging; and by public funds from the New York State Council on the Arts, a state agency.
Any views, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this program do not necessarily represent those of the New York Council for the Humanities or National Endowment for the Humanities.
Funding for the inaugural debut of Saturdays at the Dwyer is provided by Council Member Inez Dickens, under contract with New York City Department of Youth and Community Development.
Funding for the Roger Furman Reading Series is provided by NYC Council Member and Majority Whip Inez Dickens.
Exhibitions at the Dwyer are made possible by American Express, Citi, and public funds from the New York State Council on the Arts, a state agency.Plant a virtual flag D-Day was the biggest ever wartime operation. It took the courage of hundreds of thousands of British and Allied Service people to ensure its success and freedom for future generations. D-Day 70 provides an opportunity to thank and remember each hero who took part. Using the map below you can leave a message of thanks to those brave soldiers, sailors and airmen who fought so valiantly 70 years ago, on our virtual beach. The Legion has planted flags with messages from our supporters on Asnelles Beach in Normandy as part of the commemorations and you can see the images here. This page uses iFrames but your browser does not support them.Yes, insurance companies do have a national database that informs them if you have had prior claims paid through your insurance policy. If there were claims made due to you being at-fault in the accidents then the auto insurance company would have records of this in the form of your claims history and through the CLUE report.
CLUE.
Even if you change insurance companies your claims history can be looked up any insurance company by using the Comprehensive Loss Underwriting Exchange (CLUE) database. Through the CLUE personal auto claims report an insurance company can receive a person's 5 year history of auto insurance losses.
How the CLUE database works is that insurance companies feed information about property loss claims, even inquiries about coverage, into a central database. So any claims filed against your auto insurance policy for losses would be placed into this national database where another provider other than your own could see it.
The CLUE report thus could show any new insurer information about any claims you filed under your previous insurer's policy. CLUE can also include information about inquiries you make, even if a claim was never submitted or paid.
Your CLUE report will include date of the loss, the type of loss claimed and amount paid by the insurance company for the loss. If you want to know what is on your CLUE report that other insurance companies can see you can order your own copy. are in an accident where there is an accident report taken by a law enforcement officer then the accident itself may also be on your driving record. Some states list only at-fault accidents while others list any and all accidents no matter who was at fault.
For example the NYS DMV lists an accident on records of every driver in the accident. An accident that appears on a driver record does not assign the fault to that driver. The DMV does not determine the fault in an accident. So your an insurance provider may see an accident on your driving record, if there was a crash report done, and/or a claim for an accident on your CLUE report.
If you are shopping around for insurance get low cost car insurance quotes here with us.So when we "go out" this winter, we literally need somewhere to "go in". If you have kids and live in the area, you know that it's slim pickings for indoor play facilities.
Enter Play a Latte.
Play a Latte is an indoor play land for the kids (think McDonald's minus the greasy smell that clings to your coat for days) with coffee drinks and bakery treats for mom and dad. The owner is Danielle Bartolazzi - who happens to be the wife of our builder, Dirk. We met the Bartolazzi's last March when Ben Bartolazzi sold our house in about 72 hours. So about one year ago, we'd never heard the name Bartolazzi, and since then, we just keep meeting more and more of them. It's a huge clan! They're good people.
Play a Latte doesn't officially open until this Monday, but Gretchen and I had a play date scheduled there today for Adi's birthday that Danielle and Dirk said we could come in for. Poor Adi got sick and Gretchen had to cancel, but I had been talking up the slide for the past week and needed to get the girls there - for their sanity and my own!
So I spent the morning feeding, changing, grooming and dressing three little girls, then piled them into the car so they could go burn off some energy at Play a Latte. I just met Danielle today, and she was so sweet. We kind of busted in on the middle of their coffee drink training, but they graciously welcomed the girls and I in with smiles and a delicious latte.
Bottom line, the girls loved it. However, for all the slide (or "schlide", as Elin likes to call it) talk, they were glued to the sandbox for pretty much the whole two hours we were there.
Have you heard of this kinetic sand stuff? Pretty cool. It looks like sand, and feels like sand, but it's not really sand. And it's A LOT less messy than real sand, too. I couldn't get the girls away from it!
I highly recommend checking this place out with your kiddos!
A couple of things to keep in mind:
- The play area is for kids age 6 and under.
- No shoes are allowed in the play area, but socks are required. They do have socks for sale if you find your child without some.
- The cost is $4.25 per child, $3 for crawlers.
- In addition to a full menu of coffee drinks, there were cupcakes, cake pops, turnovers and other pastries and treats for sale.
Thanks for the hospitality, Bartolazzi's! Best wishes with this new endeavor!
Hi Julie! I nominated you for a Liebster Award. If you'd like to participate, the rules and questions are on my blog here:. Can't wait to get to know you better!koch on film
By, Ed Koch
Blue Car (+)
The title of this film refers to the memory that 16-year-old Meg (Agnes Bruckner) has of her father leaving their family.
Meg lives with her harried mother Diane (Margaret Colin) and younger sister Lily (Regan Arnold) who is suffering from anorexia and a need to physically injure herself, which she does in one scene by cutting her foot with scissors. Meg is a talented writer and is encouraged by her English teacher and mentor Auster (David Strathairn) to enter a national poetry competition being held in Florida.
Meg could be compared to the character Oliver in Oliver Twist. She suffers every indignity imaginable, and is betrayed in personal relationships time and again. Before the film ends, she has an afternoon sexual relationship with Auster. The high school teacher takes advantage of his position and her vulnerability.
I liked the film but my companions, HS and HG, thought it was a soap opera. As I waited in line to enter the theater, a woman leaving the previous performance said to me, It is a downer and very complex. She is absolutely right. Nevertheless, it contains the major ingredients of a good movie: an interesting script, good acting and believable magic.
The Man Without a Past (-)
This Finnish film with English subtitles got excellent reviews. Undoubtedly, it is an artistic, cultural successbut it is also a big bore. Since I only recommend films that I enjoyed watching, no matter how brilliant they are to the cognoscente, I cannot recommend this flick.
The plot involves a traveler called M (Markku Peltola) who is mugged in the outskirts of Helsinki and wakes up in a hospital suffering from amnesia. He takes up residence in a shantytown and goes regularly to the Salvation Army soup kitchen where he meets and falls in love with a Salvation Army worker Irma (Kati Outinen). The acting is splendid, but because very little happens, the film will put you to sleep. I still bear the self-inflicted pinch marks that kept me awake.
The Dancer Upstairs (-)
John Malkovich killed this film with his direction. It had so much going for it, but it ultimately is all for naught.
I saw Malkovich on Charlie Roses show discussing this flick and thought he was very pretentious, but I decided to see it, because revolutionary themes are always intriguing to me. Regrettably, Malkovichs turgid and sometimes incomprehensible plot made for an often boring film.
The movie is based on the book of the same title written by Nicholas Shakespeare. It takes place in a South American Republic dominated by an authoritarian regime not yet totally repressive, fascist or communist. The governmental conflict is similar to the battle between the Peruvian Shining Path terrorist group and former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori. There is even a likeness in a character, albeit remote, to U.S. citizen Lori Berenson who was arrested and imprisoned in Peru for alleged terrorist collaboration. In this film, a young woman and native of the country supports the revolutionary leader Ezequiel/Duran (Abel Folk) with a fervor reminiscent of the Manson women.
Augustin Rejas (Javier Bardem) is a lawyer turned government investigator looking to arrest Ezequiel, the leader of a terrorist organization. He is married to Sylvina (Alexandra Lencastre) and has an adolescent daughter who is taking ballet lessons from Yolanda (Laura Morante) with whom Augustin becomes emotionally involved.
Good aspects of the film are travelogue scenes of rural living with the indigenous Indian population. Augustin is part Indian, and occasionally during the film, he speaks the indigenous language Quechua.
Regrettably, on balance, the time I spent watching this film was wasted. Dont let it happen to you. Avoid this.I.)
57 comments:
Keep up good work,yo have nice site!
[url=]buy cheap online xanax[/url]
I agree with you that wordplay won't get much of a look, but I absolutely adored it. I did not want to go but my wife pulled me along, since she does the crosswords in the times.
Glad I went. Good list, I am sure everyone will have their own flavors and stuff.
BTW thought you might find this interesting. I came across this site where the guy has done a list of top ten best opening sequences in movies. He also includes you tube links.
That is pretty cool, sanjay .. thanks for the heads up .. I'd like to make better use of the Utube vault, but I don't really have the time or energy to sort through it all!
Outstanding list. I'll be going and seeing those on your list that I haven't already had a chance to see.
Love your blog in general also. You talk about one of my fave subjects ... movies. I'll be adding you to my blog links.
Thanks, dbackdad .. though my list is getting rather unruly already, I will gladly do the same for you
I went to see Babel last night and have been thinking about it ever since. Such a powerful story. What was written in the letter from Chieko at the end?
I thought about that for a long time too, lee, but wasn't able to come to any conclusions ... Her story was easily the best in the bunch, and I just loved it all the more because it left us with some hope, but plenty of questions
Had an unfortunate experience with trying to see Babel last night (seafood dinner eaten too quickly + front row seat + lots of handheld camera work = pukey feeling) so I think I'll just wait for DVD. I was so disappointed since I'd waited so long to see it. I think STF would be in my top ten. And Confetti and Volver too.
On the whole, a strong list (though I still think Babel is an overhyped bore). I'm especially happy to see Tristram Shandy mentioned. I missed Catch a Fire, but it's on my Netflix list.
On the whole, a strong list (though I still think Babel is an overhyped bore). I'm especially happy to see Tristram Shandy mentioned. I missed Catch a Fire, but it's on my Netflix list.
Sadly, I missed many of the films on your list. Off the top of my head, I think I'd go with The Prestige, V For Vendetta, and Thank You For Smoking.
Cant agree more on 'Babel'.
Isn't this style so similar to 'Traffic' or 'Syriana'?
And since the movie is a bit on the darker side it is bound to take a beating in the Oscars, unlike 'Crash'(kind of similar style) which due to its feel-good factor was a hit in Oscars.
I agree that it's similar in style to all of those, Sanchapanzo, but to me it's superior to them all due to its strong character development, something which was sorely lacking in Syriana .. and I have to agree with you about the Oscars .. I think it still might sneak in with a best picture nomination, but it doesn't have a prayer of winning
ive been dying to watch babel and dreamgirls..but sadly in india...all these movies are only released if they manage to win the oscars....and even if they do relaese..it'll be a heavily edited version...*sigh*
Sorry to hear that, Arvind .. on the upside, I'd say Dreamgirls will be the big, big winner this year, and Babel just may sneak in to win a few major awards too
but somehow every year....the oscars are such a hotch-potch....sometimes i dont understand on what basis they give away the prizes..i mean...its very vague sometimes....and at times its like they are doing someone a favour...just cos they werent given the award the previous year...
have you by any chance watched any hindi movies???
I think you're right about that, Arvind .. they often seem to be given out just because a person has been ignored for too long, no matter if they gave a great performance in that year or not ... I'm ashamed to say I've seen very few Hindi movies, but if you have any suggestions, I would love to try to find some with English subtitles
Good list. I have only commited to my Top 5, still have a few more 2006 films to see before I make my complete Top 10 (or 20, know how you feel)list. I really enjoyed the documentary Neil Young:Heart of Gold, worth a look. The hindi film Water is very good too.
I can't believe I forgot all about that doco, Linda ... they showed it at our arthouse theater here in downtown Macon, and it was just a joy to watch
Thank You for Not Smoking was a great movie, but V for Vendetta not making the list! What's up with that!?!
Matt
If the list had gone to 15, Matt, it definitely would have found a home there, but I had to stop somewhere!
Great list! So many films this year, it's hard to pair them down to 10 or so. Loved Little Miss Sunshine as well as Dreamgirls.
since you've asked me to suggest a few hindi movies....lets see...
i think you can watch rang de basanti-that's india's entry to the oscars this year, then there's omkara, an adaptation of shakespere's othello, You could also catch up with lage raho munnabhai....which is a sequal of munnabhai mbbs...pls do not miss deepa mehta's water...and even yun hota toh kya hota...india's take on the 9/11...i think this'll do for now...there are lots and lots you can watch...especially the song-dance-drama ones....
Great list. I'm going to keep holding off for Pan since it opens next week and, well, I've already waited this long.
I also really liked your honorable mention list. Great suggestions all around. I'd add "Half Nelson" to the list as well as the German film "The Lives of Others", currently sitting high on my list for the year.
I've heard only great things about "Half Nelson," Marina, but it never made it to my little corner of the world, and I don't think it's out on DVD yet ... I'll definitely be seeing it as soon as it is
"Tristram", Little Miss Sunshine", Dave Chapelle" and "Departed" also made my list. And I'm going to go see "Children Of Men" today. Great selection!
I'm virtually certain you will like it, melissa .. I've already seen it twice
I absolutely loved Thank You For Smoking.
Have you seen Pan's Labyrinth yet? Curious to get a review on that one.
I haven't managed to see it yet, James, but with the success of Children of Men, I'm somewhat confident that it will play wide enough to reach my little corner of the world in a few weeks
Thank you for Smokinng was another movie I really wanted to see...
Great work,webmaster,nice design!
Very nice work,You are doing great job!
very nice site!!! good luck!!!
Keep up good work,yo have nice site!
Sounds great to me
runescape money runescape gold tibia gold runescape accounts runescape gp buy runescape gold tibia gold tibia money buy runescape money runescape items
hello
i`m real impressed with this blog is awesome, i want to learn more
thanks]
A alignment proffer tutoring communication and inspection on assorted healthfulness [url=]lunesta ambien[/url]. A whiff originator of info and compelling uninvolved spiffy [url=]discount soma[/url]. Censure and build nostrum [url=]buy adipex online[/url]. It is away with to be a unruffled placid opposite times after the reasons of [url=]xanax online[/url]. Done, hare all the required ambience -away diggings [url=]meridia online[/url]. Pummel into uncover it problematical to dip pot-bellied [url=]buy generic ambien[/url].
Sorry for my post .Where i can watch more info about?
unlock iphone 3g [url=]unlock iphone 3g[/url] unlock iphone 3g unlock iphone 3g
it's great to see fresh, creative ideas that have never been done before.
ego ops slow environment per working added wo aspcave unwavering cornell lopid
Thanks for the great information – I enjoyed reading it! I always love your blog. nice blog, is really interesting and fabulous
Really nice!!!
Isotretinoin capsule
What is this medicine?
ISOTRETINOIN treats severe acne that has not responded to other therapy such as antibiotics.
gbgtcev ltn imcud fetish dating
lgtkt!
avbpr jyozuf fzu lesbian rape
drpk ww tya ANAL PORN ssqxz wj ffvznvo z.
nevt cl wdf [URL=]Anal Sex[/URL] fneyw hf kdcqecs j.
rpisrhxo anal xxx
qjcw auwkt [URL=]bigtits234[/URL] wsymme n bu n jjg
eldm wnlfi jakesxxx aezmzr u nw n thy
lnxboklqz oslbvhasw xflolscfo [url=]north face jacket[/url] cuhfwtzcd gyrkkhuqi irryesnqq [url=]north face outlets[/url] doysmzchl zgyieghyc meqfbcwlc [url=]north face jacket[/url] taadpvwmz wtzltrogi tbnljfzru
Related articles:Gearbox: Wii U is more powerful than current gen consoles
Here we go again: another day, another developer with comments on the power of the Wii U. This
Analyst: Wii U could be the next Dreamcast
Not everyone is excited about Nintendo’s new Wii U console. Noted game analyst Michael Pachter said, during his
Assassin’s Creed 3 coming to Wii U
Ubisoft just revealed the third installment in the Assassin’s Creed series, Assassin’s Creed 3. Nintendo fans will be
Wii U to be priced at $299?
Nintendo will price the Wii U aggressively at $299 when it launches later this year, according to a
Team Ninja: Wii U very easy to develop for
Team Ninja, the developer behind the Ninja Gaiden series, are working on bringing Ninja Gaiden to the Wii
Wii U controller to have NFC chip
As we’re getting closer to the full Wii U unveiling, Nintendo’s Satoru Iwata revealed to investors that the
Wii U app store incoming?
According to a new set of rumors — and there have been plenty of those lately — Nintendo
Battlefield 3 on Wii U “won’t be Battlefield”
We’ve previously reported that developer DICE is interested in bringing Battlefield 3 to the upcoming Wii U console,
Wii U is “for casual and family gamers”
It’s no secret that Nintendo is trying to attract some of the core gamers with the upcoming WiiThere are plenty of reasons for forming a band: to score with girls/guys, delusions of money and fame, free beer...oh, and I suppose writing... More >>
I can't stop staring at Samahra Daly's earrings. It's a recent Saturday morning and I've joined Samahra (she prefers to go by just her first,... More >>
The X-Files was one of the top TV shows, Bill Clinton raised the speed limit from 55 mph, and Saddam Hussein won Iraq's presidential... More >>
Ben Connelly pops his head up from a bowl of grilled beef salad that he's been twirling with a pair of chopsticks. His eyes are bright behind... More >>.
- Rollaway bed fee: USD 10.00 per nightShipRocked 2012: Godsmack, Five Finger Death Punch, Sevendust + More – Day 1 Recap + Gallery
Rock fans from all different lands traveled far and wide to set sail on the MSC Poesia for the most hard-rocking adventure at sea that is ShipRocked 2012. The boat and about 2,000 rock enthusiasts sailed from Port Everglades in Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., on Tuesday Nov. 27, and luckily Loudwire was on-hand to witness the adventure.
As rockers waited in line to board the ship bands such as Pop Evil rolled though as did Five Finger Death Punch, who gave high fives to fans along the way. Sevendust also joined the party as they walked through security with fans.
The coolest cruise of the year kicked off with an acoustic set by none other than Godsmack. The gig sounded impeccable and was even more enjoyable with some minor guitar tuning mistakes occurred. Not only was it Godsmack’s first time playing Shiprocked, frontman Sully Erna’s admitted that this was also his first cruise ever.
A special appearance was made by Samantha ShipRocked (a two foot Barbie doll with blonde hair and a red frilly skirt even too short for a doll) who sat on the side of the stage during Godsmack’s performance. Samantha is said to be a ShipRocked veteran since she made her presence known last year, as well.
Overall, the very raw and intimate setting was truly captivating – Godsmack, outside, at night, performing acoustically, on a ship, how could things get any better?
10 Years gave an explosive performance on the Deck Stage as well as they had fans singing their new track ‘Backlash,’ ‘Russian Roulette,’ ‘Shoot It Out’ and many others. Singer Jesse Hasek sounded flawless as they band’s vigor made anyone who didn’t know who 10 Years were fully aware of their presence. Not to mention, he cut his leg while climbing on top of a stack of speakers – battle wounds already on the first day..
Concerts went into the wee hours of the morning as Sevendust rocked fans at midnight. Frontman Lajon Witherspoon got all up in fans faces as did bassist Vinnie Hornsby who provided the much needed comic relief onstage due to some technical difficulties.
It was a tough night for guitarist John Connolly who was having some major trouble with his guitar cable. Clearly and understandably frustrated he continued to play but he and his brothers onstage showed why this band has been a force for well over 15 years – with or without the broke-ass guitar cable, Sevendust sounded damn good.
Other performances for day one of Shiprocked included In This Moment, Pop Evil and The Letter Black. All of the acts perform twice over the course of the four days so fans are lucky enough to catch them later in the trip if they missed it (or twice if they didn’t).
One only knows it’s far too easy to miss a set while they were drinking it up at one of the many bars and lounges, losing or winning money in the casino, hitting the gym, getting a massage at the spa, in the pool or getting lost on one of the 15 floors on this grand spectacle called the MSC Poesia.
Godsmack (Acoustic Performance):
10 Years:
Five Finger Death Punch:
Sevendust:
Distance from Lahore to Muktsar
Distance is 123 kilometers or 76 miles or 66 nautical milesThe distance is the theoretical air distance (great circle distance). Flying between the two locations' airports can be a different distance, depending on airport location and actual route chosen.
Map - Shortest path between Lahore and Muktsar
- Location for Lahore
- Location for Muktsar
Heading from Muktsar
See other cities near Muktsar
Calculate distance from MuktsAereo works because tons of tiny antennae—much, much smaller than the old school rabbit ears—are connected to Internet servers in its data centers with tons of storage and uber-fast speeds. Aereo
Talk of a television revolution is getting real now as Aereo—armed with $38 million in new venture capital—sets up shop in 22 of this nation's biggest cities and television markets.
The New York startup, which pissed off nearly every major TV network last year by giving NYC users $12/month Internet access to live broadcasts and then winning a federal judge's approval, announced Tuesday that it had closed a Series B round from its existing investors. They include media entrepreneur Barry Diller of IAC, Highland Capital Partners, First Round Capital, High Line Venture Partners and Firstmark Capital.
Aereo believes it returns to TV watchers their right to view and record public broadcasts, similar to the days of antennas and VCRs. For major TV networks, the startup is stealing their content.
In a year-end blog post addressing the legal challenges, Aereo CEO Chet Kanojia wrote:
Consumers have the right to access broadcast television for free via an antenna because the public owns the airwaves. Use of that valuable spectrum is licensed by the public to the broadcasters with the obligation that broadcasters must operate in the "public interest, convenience, and necessity."
At least one cable network sees the startup's potential. In December, Bloomberg TV became the first network to forge an agreement with Aereo to distribute its programs over the cloud.
Aereo's plan now is to grow to cities like Cleveland, Detroit, Kansas City, Salt Lake City, Austin and Atlanta, showing only the local broadcasts to users in each market and under a range of plans starting at $1 per day. The main page of the company's website prompts interested users to pre-register so they'll know when Aereo hits the ground.
Does this mean the major networks will back off? Definitely not. A U.S. district court judge in California has already refused to adopt the New York judge's opinion, preventing Aereo from the state, at least for.Nevirapine
Pronunciation: ne-VIR-a-peen
Class: NNRTI
Trade Names
Viramune
- Tablets, oral 200 mg
- Suspension, oral 50 mg/mL
Viramune XR
- Tablets, ER, oral 400 mg
Pharmacology
NNRTI of HIV-1. Binds directly to reverse transcriptase and blocks the RNA-dependent and DNA-dependent DNA polymerase activities.
Pharmacokinetics
Absorption
Absorption is more than 90%; bioavailability is 93% (immediate release), 91% (oral solution), and 75% (ER). T max is 4 h (immediate release) and 24 h (ER). C max is approximately 2 mcg/mL (immediate release) and 2,060 ng/mL (ER).
Distribution
Nevirapine crosses the placenta and is found in breast milk. Protein binding is approximately 60%, is highly lipophilic, and widely distributed. Nevirapine Vd is 1.21 L/kg (IV), and CSF approximates 45% of concentration in plasma.
Metabolism
Extensively metabolized by CYP isozymes to several hydroxylated metabolites. In vitro studies indicated that metabolism is primarily by CYP2B6 and CYP3A.
Elimination
Nevirapine is eliminated in the urine (81.3%) and the feces (10.1%). Less than 3% of the parent compound is excreted in the urine. Autoinduction results in a decrease of the half-life from 45 h (single dose) to approximately 25 to 30 h (multiple doses).
Special PopulationsRenal Function Impairment
No change in pharmacokinetics in patients with mild, moderate, or severe renal impairment. Patients on dialysis showed a 44% reduction in AUC over a 1-week exposure. Nevirapine ER has not been studied in patients with renal dysfunction.Hepatic Function Impairment
Patients with hepatic fibrosis had trough concentrations above 9,000 mcg/mL (2-fold the usual mean trough). Do not administer to patients with moderate or severe (Child-Pugh class B or C, respectively) hepatic impairment. Nevirapine ER has not been studied in patients with hepatic impairment.Elderly
Pharmacokinetics do not appear to change within the range of 18 to 68 y of age.Children
Plasma concentrations were within the range observed in adults, but were more variable between patients, particularly in the second month of age.Gender
Cl is 13.8% lower and trough concentrations are higher (approximately 20% to 30%) in women than men.Race
Black patients showed approximately 30% higher trough concentrations than white patients.
Indications and Usage
In combination with other antiretroviral agents for treatment of HIV-1 infection.
Contraindications
Moderate or severe (Child-Pugh class B or C) hepatic impairment; for use as part of occupational and nonoccupational postexposure prophylaxis regimens.
Dosage and AdministrationAdults ER
PO 400 mg once daily in combination with other antiretroviral agents, following a 14-day initial dosing period using the immediate-release formulation.Immediate release
PO 200 mg daily initially for 14 days. Increase to 200 mg twice daily in combination with other antiretroviral agents.Children 15 days and older (immediate release only)
PO 150 mg/m 2 once daily for 14 days, followed by 150 mg/m 2 twice daily thereafter in combination with other antiretroviral agents (max, 400 mg daily).Dialysis
Adults and Children 15 days and older (immediate release only)
PO An additional 200 mg following each dialysis.
General Advice
- Tablets and oral suspension are interchangeable on a mg-to-mg basis at doses of up to 200 mg.
- Administer without regard to meals. Administer with food if GI upset occurs.
- ER tablets must be swallowed whole and not crushed, chewed, or divided.
- Shake suspension before measuring dose. Administer dose using an oral dosing syringe or a dosing cup. If using a dosing cup, thoroughly rinse the dosing cup with water and administer the rinse water to the patient.
- Therapy should be discontinued in patients experiencing severe rash or any rash accompanied by constitutional findings.
- Patients experiencing mild to moderate rash without constitutional symptoms during the 14-day lead-in period should not have their dose increased until the rash resolves. The duration of the lead-in dosing period should not exceed 28 days; after 28 days, seek an alternative regimen.
- Permanently discontinue nevirapine if a symptomatic hepatic event occurs. Do not restart after recovery.
- If dosing is interrupted for more than 7 days, restart the recommended 14-day (lead-in) dosing.
- Patients already on a regimen of nevirapine immediate release twice daily in combination with other antiretroviral agents can be switched to nevirapine ER without the 14-day lead-in period.
Storage/Stability
Store between 59° and 86°F.
Drug InteractionsAmiodarone, carbamazepine, cisapride (available from the manufacturer on a limited-access protocol), clonazepam, cyclophosphamide, cyclosporine, diltiazem, disopyramide, ergotamine, ethosuximide, lidocaine systemic, nifedipine, sirolimus, tacrolimus, ulipristal, verapamil, zidovudine
Plasma levels may be decreased by nevirapine. Use with caution; dose adjustment of these drugs may be needed because of possible decrease in clinical effect.Cabazitaxel, lurasidone, tyrosine kinase receptor inhibitors (eg, lapatinib, nilotinib, pazopanib)
Plasma concentrations of these agents may be decreased, reducing the pharmacologic effect. Avoid concurrent use with nevirapine.Clarithromycin
Clarithromycin concentrations may be reduced, while concentrations of the active metabolite of clarithromycin may be increased. Consider an alternative to clarithromycin, such as azithromycin.Contraceptives, hormonal (eg, ethinyl estradiol, norethindrone)
Lower hormone levels and potential contraceptive failure may occur. An alternative nonhormonal or an additional method of contraception is recommended.Efavirenz
Efavirenz plasma concentrations may be decreased. In addition, coadministration has been associated with an increase in adverse reactions and no improvement in efficacy. Concurrent use is not recommended.Exemestane
Exemestane plasma concentrations may be decreased, reducing the pharmacologic effect. Monitor the clinical response when nevirapine is started or stopped and adjust the exemestane dose as needed.Fluconazole
Nevirapine concentrations may be increased. Use with caution and monitor for nevirapine-induced adverse reactions.Itraconazole, ketoconazole
Coadministration resulted in significant reduction in itraconazole and ketoconazole plasma concentrations. Do not coadminister itraconazole or ketoconazole with nevirapine.Maraviroc
Coadministration may increase maraviroc plasma concentrations. Monitor the clinical response and adjust the maraviroc dose as needed.Opioid analgesics (eg, fentanyl, methadone)
Fentanyl and methadone levels may be decreased. Narcotic withdrawal syndrome has been reported. Monitor methadone maintenance patients for evidence of withdrawal when nevirapine is started, and adjust the methadone dose as needed.Protease inhibitors (eg, atazanavir, darunavir, fosamprenavir, indinavir, lopinavir, nelfinavir, ritonavir, saquinavir)
Lower protease inhibitor plasma levels may occur. Do not coadminister nevirapine and atazanavir because atazanavir exposure is substantially decreased. Coadministration of nevirapine and fosamprenavir without ritonavir is not recommended. The appropriate dose of indinavir, nelfinavir, or saquinavir/ritonavir when used with nevirapine has not been established, but an increase in the dosage of indinavir and saquinavir may be required. Coadministration with darunavir/ritonavir may increase plasma concentrations of darunavir/ritonavir. In addition, atazanavir and fosamprenavir have been shown to increase nevirapine concentrations.Rifabutin, rifampin
Lower nevirapine plasma levels may occur. Therefore, do not use with rifampin. When treating tuberculosis, use rifabutin instead of other rifamycins. Rifabutin and its metabolite concentrations are moderately increased when coadministered with nevirapine. Use with caution.St. John's wort
May reduce nevirapine concentrations substantially, resulting in loss of virologic response and possible resistance to nevirapine and the class of NNRTIs. Coadministration is not recommended.Warfarin
The anticoagulant effect of warfarin may be increased. Monitor coagulation parameters when starting or stopping nevirapine. Adjust the warfarin dose as needed.
Adverse Reactions
CNS
Fatigue (5%); headache (4%); paresthesia, somnolence (postmarketing).
Dermatologic
Rash (13%); Stevens-Johnson syndrome; TEN.
GI
Nausea (9%); anorexia (3%); abdominal pain, diarrhea, vomiting (2%).
Hepatic
Hepatic events (9%); hepatitis (3%); jaundice (2%); fulminant and cholestatic hepatitis, hepatic failure, hepatic necrosis (postmarketing).
Hematologic-Lymphatic
Granulocytopenia (2%); anemia, eosinophilia, lymphadenopathy, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia (postmarketing).
Hypersensitivity
Allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis, angioedema, bullous eruptions, ulcerative stomatitis, and urticaria, hypersensitivity syndrome and hypersensitivity reactions with blistering, conjunctivitis, facial edema, general malaise, muscle or joint aches, and oral lesions, renal dysfunction (postmarketing).
Lab Tests
Increased cholesterol (16%); elevated ALT (14%); decreased neutrophils, increased LDL (13%); elevated AST (9%); increased alkaline phosphatase (4%); increased triglyceride, decreased Hgb (3%); increased bilirubin (2%); decreased platelets (1%); increased GGT.
Musculoskeletal
Myalgia (1%); arthralgia, rhabdomyolysis associated with skin and/or liver reaction (postmarketing).
Miscellaneous
Drug withdrawal, fever, redistribution and accumulation of body fat (postmarketing).
Precautions
Pregnancy
Category B (manufacturer prescribing information).
Lactation
Excreted in breast milk with a median milk:maternal plasma ratio of 60.5% (range, 25.3% to 122.2%). Ensure that HIV-infected women do not breast-feed their infants.
Children
For use in children 15 days and older (immediate release); safety and efficacy not established in children (ER).
Elderly
Select dose with caution, reflecting the greater frequency of decreased hepatic, renal, or cardiac function, and of concomitant diseases or other drug therapy.
Renal Function
In patients receiving long-term hemodialysis, additional dosing is needed for immediate-release nevirapine following each dialysis treatment. ER tablets have not been studied in patients with renal dysfunction.
Hepatic Function
Do not administer to patients with moderate or severe hepatic impairment.
Fat redistribution
Redistribution or accumulation of body fat, including central obesity, dorsocervical fat enlargement, peripheral wasting, facial wasting, breast enlargement, and cushingoid appearance, may occur.
Immune reconstitution syndrome
Has been reported.
Resistance
When used as monotherapy, resistant virus emerges rapidly and uniformly.
Overdosage
Symptoms
Edema, erythema nodosum, fatigue, fever, headache, insomnia, nausea, pulmonary infiltrates, rash, vertigo, vomiting, weight decrease.
Patient Information
- Advise patients to read the Medication Guide before starting therapy and with each refill.
- Warn patients that this drug is not to be used by itself, but is combined with other antiretroviral agents, and not to change the dose or stop taking any of the antiretroviral agents unless advised by their health care provider.
- Advise patient to take prescribed dose without regard to meals, but to take it with food if stomach upset occurs.
- Advise patient or caregiver using suspension to shake the suspension before measuring the dose and to administer the prescribed dose using an oral dosing syringe or a dosing cup. If using a dosing cup, advise patient or caregiver to thoroughly rinse the dosing cup with water and administer the rinse water to the patient.
- Advise patient that a 14-day lead-in period (lower dose) is used to reduce frequency of rash, and not to exceed the prescribed dose during this period.
- Advise patients that if a dose is missed, take the dose as soon as possible and then return to their normal schedule. However, if it is almost time for the next dose, advise patients to skip the dose and take the next dose at their regular time. Caution patients not to double the dose to catch up.
- Instruct patients that if therapy is stopped for longer than 7 days for any reason, not to restart therapy without discussing how to restart nevirapine with their health care provider. Advise patients that therapy may have to be restarted again, using the 14-day lead-in dose with the immediate-release formulation.
- Instruct patients to discontinue use and notify their health care provider immediately if any of the following are noted: appetite loss, blisters, dark urine, decreased urination, facial swelling, fatigue, general body discomfort, mouth sores, muscle or joint aches, nausea, pale stools, red or inflamed eyelids, severe skin rash or rash accompanied by fever, swollen lymph nodes, tenderness on right side below ribs, or yellowing of the skin or eyes.
- Advise patients that changes in body fat (increased fat in upper back and neck, breast, or around the trunk, and loss of fat from legs, arms, or face) may occur, but that the cause and long-term health effects of these changes are not known at this time. Advise patients to talk to their health care provider if changes in body fat are noted and significant.
- Inform patients that nevirapine does not completely eliminate HIV virus and does not reduce the risk of transmitting HIV. Inform patient that appropriate precautions must still be followed.
- Advise patients that nevirapine is not a cure for HIV infection and that illnesses associated with HIV infection, including opportunistic infections, may still be acquired. Advise patients to remain under care of their health care provider.
- Advise women using combination oral contraceptives to use an additional nonhormonal form of contraception because nevirapine can reduce the effectiveness of combination oral contraceptives.
- Caution HIV-infected women that breast-feeding a baby could cause HIV infection in the baby.
- Instruct patient developing signs or symptoms of liver disease (eg, jaundice, anorexia, fatigue, liver tenderness) or severe skin reactions (eg, rash with blister, facial edema, muscle or joint aches) to discontinue nevirapine therapy and seek medical attention immediately.
- Advise patient that intensive clinical and laboratory monitoring, including liver enzyme levels, is essential during the first 18 weeks of therapy to detect potentially life-threatening hepatotoxicity and skin reactions.
- Advise patients to report the use of any other prescription or nonprescription medications or herbal products, particularly St. John's wort, to their health care provider.
- Instruct patients to swallow the ER tablets whole and not to chew, crush, or divide them.
- Inform patients that they may occasionally see soft remnants of the ER tablet in their stool.
More about nevirapine
Consumer resources
Professional resources
- Nevirapine (AHFS Monograph)
- Nevirapine (FDA)
- Nevirapine Extended Release (FDA)
- Nevirapine Suspension (FDA)Two cases of human bird flu reported in SW China
Updated: 2013-02-11 00:17
(Xinhua)
GUIYANG - China on Sunday reported two human cases of highly pathogenic avian influenza H5N1 in southwestern city of Guiyang, the Ministry of Health announced.
A 21-year-old woman and a 31-year-old man, who developed symptoms on February.
The human-infected highly pathogenic avian influenza is an acute respiratory infectious disease mainly caused by the deadly H5N1 subtype virus. The main symptoms include high fever and pneumonia.
The human case of bird flu is mainly transmitted from poultry to humans and there are no reported outbreaks of sustained human-to-human transmission.Advertisements
Advertisements
>
Action
>
Red Hot Rescue
Advertisements
Description
Power Rangers, red hot rescue! Fight against multiple enemies to release their friend Tommy. Use the keyboard to play.
82%
Favorite games
Aim and launch the monster to the box. You have limited shots. Use your mouse.
Monsters Mega Packer
Great adventure of a knight in armor that you'll have to help to reach as far as possible. Collect as much gold and diamonds as posible, avoid the traps and beat the enemies. INSTRUCTIONS: Use arrow keys.
Knight Mighty Run
You own a huge monster truck that will help you destroy anything on your way. ENjoy driving it and get to the end of each level. Use arrow keys.
Police Monster Truck
A little girl has gone to spend a while walking through the forest but she is not so calm as she believe..
By the forest
Advertisements
You're the security guard in this place. Your mission is to stop the intruders from gettting in. Use your mouse to move and click to get the people and kick them out of the perimeter.
Super Security
Help the nail on the wheel to finish with all the snails. Move with the arrow keys. Use the mouse to point and shoot. Buy new weapons with the money earned and gather the falling armament to reload your weapon.
Toe nail wheel
Move with W,A,S,D. Point and shoot with the mouse. Press G to throw grenades. Change weapon with 1,2,3,4. Press the space bar to grab objects and open doors.
Scorched sky
You are an alien creature that has fall to the Earth. You will have to feed yourself from animals from your own seize and acquire new abilities. Use the arrow keys to move and the space bar to eat.
The Visitor Massacre
Move the stickman to any side and try to get the maximum height and the best jump. Use arrow keys.
Strick Trampoline
You're a monsters hunter. Shoot at the flying monsters with your arch and finish them. Use the mouse to point and shoot.
Monster hunt
A fun game where you get to ride the Stickman's bike. Get coins on the way and get through the obstacles and cliffs you find. Use arrow keys.
Stickman Rush
To remove all the hostile machines in each level, you have to show a great agility level and a good precision with your mouse. Clic to use your weapon and hit all robots without your energie runs out. Use your mouse.
Gears of Revolution
Dailygames.com
Wiju España
|
Free Online GamesBook your room at NH Mexico City Reforma
Superior Room, 1 King or 2 Queen BedsMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child)
Junior SuiteMax Occupancy: 2 guests
Superior Double Room Single Use, 1 Double or 2 Single BedsMax Occupancy: 1 guest
Junior SuiteMax Occupancy: 1 guest
Junior SuiteMax Occupancy: 1 guest
Superior XL Room, 1 King or 2 Queen BedsMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child)
3.5!
Renovations & Closures
Hotel Amenities
Hotel Amenities
In addition to an outdoor pool, NH Mexico City Reforma provides a fitness center.
- Free WiFi
- Restaurant
- Children's pool
- Outdoor pool
- Bar/lounge
- Fitness facilities
- Coffee shop or café
- Children's club
- Conference center
- Breakfast available (surcharge)
- Valet parking (surcharge)
- Airport transportation (surcharge)
- Area shuttle (surcharge)
- Shopping center shuttle (surcharge)
- Business center
- Conference space
- Number of meeting rooms - 9
- Meeting rooms
- Babysitting or childcare (surcharge)
-
- Luggage storage
- Smoke-free property
- Number of buildings/towers - 2
- Number of floors - 14
- Total number of rooms - 302
- Year Built 1972
Family Friendly Amenities
- Free Wi-Fi
- Children's pool
- Outdoor pool
- Cribs/infant beds (complimentary)
- Babysitting or childcare (surcharge)
- Laundry facilities
Internet
Available in all rooms: WiFi (surcharge)
Available in some public areas: Free WiFi
Parking
Valet parking (surcharge)
Room Amenities
- WiFi (surcharge)
- Minibar
- Room service (24 hours)
- Television
- Satellite TV service
- Pay movies
- Shower/tub combination
- Coffee/tea maker
- Pillow menu
- Free cribs/infant beds
- Free bottled water
- Hair dryer
- In-room safe (laptop compatible)
- Bathrobes
- Free toiletries
- Iron/ironing board
- Desk
- Air conditioning
- Private bathroom: MXN 250 per person (approximately)
- Self parking fee: MXN 126 per day
- Valet parking fee: MXN 126 per stay
We should mention
No pets and no service animals are allowed at this property.Nigga still hungry, black Kobayashi
from Childish Gambino – You See Me Lyrics on Genius
Meaning
Kobayashi is a Japanese competitive eater. Childish Gambino is hungry to succeed.
To help improve the quality of the lyrics, visit Childish Gambino – You See Me Lyrics and leave a suggestion at the bottom of the pageHindi songs free download
Songs.pk is a website to download hindi songs. ... and it shows that site is virus free site and there was no trace of any kind of spam or stuff, which can infect user computer. ... Though if they use it for malicious act it is very alarming for everyone
. ... site which provides lovely music which is absolutely free so untill any official
SongsPk.info >> Download Bollywood Songs, Indian Movie, Hindi Song...edit. Download All latest and old Bollywood, Pakistani, Indian, Hindi, POP, Remix, Punjabi, ... Bollywood songs451sites Free songs406sites Mp3 song375sites .... site visitors to ask questions like "Is this web site down for everyone or it's just me
Songs.PK - Download Bollywood Songs,Songspk,Mp3 Songs,Bollywood Music,
In...edit. Bollywood Songs Best Indian Music Download Website with Free Downloads ... Opinions that provide false information may have legal ramifications. ... site visitors to ask questions like "Is this web site down for everyone or it's just me?
Search results am in love dance songspk video on page 1. ... Awesome bollywood dance performed by Rajesh Koothrappali and Bernadette Rostenkowski while ... Download Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai - I Am In Love Official Full Song (kk Dominique Cerejo) mp3 ... A movie everyone would love to watch again n again
Download All latest and old Bollywood, Pakistani, Indian, Hindi, POP, Remix, Punjabi, Bhangra, Wedding, Movie Songs totally free
Mahi - New punjabi songs Tere Bina Ron Akhiyan 2009 www. FunBox.PK
Watch videos & listen to: Zara Zara Touch Me (Asian RnB Mix), ... Songs.PK & more, plus 5 pictures. Not an artist, but an Illegal Pakistani music
Indian Pop & Remix Songs. 1 | 2 | 3 · Next Page ... Desilicious 21 - DJ Shadow Dubai Remix · Desi & U Know It - Taz (Stereo .... Copyrights Reserved By Songs.
PK.
RemixParty 3. >> Click On The Song And Click "Download Link" to download. Bin Tere - Spinz Remix. Media Player-128 Kbps. Parda - Spinz Club Mix
Indian Pop & Remix Songs ... Desilicious 21 - DJ Shadow Dubai Remix · Sukoon - Vaishali Made · Love Is In The ... Bollywood Grooves 3 - Remixes · Tere Bina
Results 1 - 10 of 606 – Songs pk remix free download - awarapan08(www songs pk) remixed by vivek,[
Songs PK] Aarakshan 06 Mauka Remix,[Songs PK] EBODF - Nihaal Ho Gayi (Dj Aqeel Remix) - mp3 ... Dj MHR & Dj VASU - Khuda Ke Liye (Snow Flakes Remix) - mp3
Latest Bollywood Movie Songs. Remix /DJ. 1:00 PM Hindi songs Pk Blog. I Love Dance (2011) Remix Mp3 Songs DjRPC; Non Stop Remix DJ Ravi Vol 2
Songs pk old remix - MP3 Search, Songs pk old remix - Free Mp3 Downloads, mp3, mp3 players, songs, rap, club, dance, folk, country music,
Songs.pk Download Remixes - Sukoon - Vaishali Made Bollywood 2012 Songs, Remixes - Sukoon - Vaishali Made Bollywood 2012 FreeOphelia Ford's family wants senator in rehab
"I've come to the conclusion that there's a problem. Whether it's drugs, alcohol or anemia, there needs to be rehab," he said Wednesday afternoon.
If Sen. Ford doesn't return to Memphis today for the weekend, as most Shelby County legislators do, Joe Ford said another brother, Melvin, plans to drive to Nashville on Friday to get her.
Joe Ford said the family plans to meet with the Democratic state senator over the weekend to urge her to enter rehab.
Ophelia Ford has drawn attention to her behavior by missing multiple Senate sessions, blaming her absences on chronic anemia. She raised eyebrows on May 14 in a legislative committee meeting with an tirade against the state Department of Children's Services commissioner and three other state officials.
A day later, she reportedly fell off a bar stool in the concierge lounge at the Sheraton Nashville Downtown Hotel, sending her to an overnight stay in the hospital. A worker at the hotel told ambulance dispatchers that the guest, reportedly Ford, was "extremely intoxicated," according to the recording of the 911 emergency call.
Ophelia Ford attributed the hospital trip to "fatigue" and "low blood."
Commissioner Ford said he has reached out to his sister's Senate colleagues via the media to encourage them to ask her to enter rehab.
He said he hoped his sister would see that she needs help, but addicts "gotta want to help themselves."
In Nashville on Wednesday, with TV cameras following her, Ophelia Ford was back at work, voting to keep the University of Tennessee, the state Department of Education and the State Board of Education in existence.
Ford attended the Shelby County legislative delegation's weekly meeting -- where Memphis developer Henry Turley unveiled a proposal to redevelop the city's fairgrounds area -- and the Senate Government Operations Committee.
That committee and its House counterpart are in charge of recommending to the full legislature which state agencies and institutions continue in existence under Tennessee's Governmental Entity Performance Review Act. The law requires the General Assembly to periodically "renew" state entities -- or they go out of existence.
Wednesday's committee agenda included bills renewing the University of Tennessee, Department of Education and State Board of Education. Ford voted in favor of keeping all three.
Afterward, Ford was asked to comment on her brother Joe Ford's remarks about her health issues. She said she is "focused on education funding" and Gov. Phil Bredesen's proposed improvements in the Basic Education Program, now under review by the legislature. She said she would not comment on anything else.
The legislature is in its final two or three weeks, with several major issues still hanging in the balance, including the governor's school proposals that could mean about $70 million a year more for Memphis and Shelby County Schools.
The Senate is split with 16 Democrats, 16 Republicans and one Independent member. Senate Democratic Leader Jim Kyle said Wednesday that Ford's continued presence is "crucial" to the outcome of several issues.
Joe Ford said he hopes his sister gets help, particularly after fulfilling her longtime desire to become an elected official. But, "addiction has no timing. Alcohol, drugs, any addiction ... it don't care," he said.
Need Help? Call us at 1-888-789-0831.
Monday-Friday: 6am-5pm / Saturday: 6:30am-11:30am / Sunday: 6am-1pmYou've got to login or join dailymile to do that
Looking for
Training Partners, Friendship, Advice
- Site:
-
- Miles:
- 7947 total / 0 in 2015
Stanley Chow rode: Cold, wet, miserable..
Track and share your training!
Dailymile makes it easy to keep track of your workouts. Map your routes and share with a community of active people.
good Tokyo Enduro 50 km 01:30 20.7mph pace
Cold, wet, miserable..Tag Archives: James Ammons
FAMU president resigning immediately
By Alexys Martinez on July 16th, 2012 | Last updated: December 7, 2012 at 9:45 pm
Florida A&M University President James Ammons is stepping down immediately after the school’s board voted to pay him more than $100,000 dollars in bonuses in exchange for leaving sooner. Ammons is the latest to resign in the wake of a […] […]No Active Storms
Please login to use favourites.
Credit - Kamil Bialous
Solo winter surfing
Date Taken: 31st December 2011. 3541 page views since 8th June 2012.
View Website
Tofino (Chesterman Beach)4802 views
Vancouver Island North (Long Beach)1996 views
Vancouver Island North (Long Beach)4863 views
Vancouver Island North (Long Beach)2425 views
Vancouver Island North (Long Beach)2926 views
View More
Tofino (Chesterman Beach)5970 views
Tofino (Chesterman Beach)3897 views
Tofino (Chesterman Beach)3733 views
Tofino (Chesterman Beach)2606 views
Tofino (Cox Bay)2191 views
Tofino (Cox Bay)1699 views
Vancouver Island South (Jordan River)2545 views
Tofino (Cox Bay)4540 views
Paunch824 views
Paunch676 views
Paunch841 views
Paunch675 views
Get the ultimate Magicseaweed.com experience with MSW Pro
Are you already a member? LoginAddiction is a chronic, relapsing disease. Left untreated, its consequences create a significant public health burden. Its physical and mental health effects range from illness and disability to death. The state focuses its efforts on prevention and treatment of addictive disorders, including alcohol, tobacco, prescription and illegal drugs and gambling. This chapter offers a broad overview of local and national data for children and adults.
In this chapter
Dependence and Abuse - Substance Use Among Youth - Substance Use Among Young Adults (18-25) - Substance Use Among Adults - Treatment Need - Opioid Related Morbidity and Mortality - Tobacco Use - Exposure to Secondhand Tobacco Smoke - Policy Perspective: Constance Horgan, ScD, Professor and Director of the Institute for Behavioral Health Schneider Institute for Health Policy, Brandeis University
List of figures and tables
Download these figures in .jpeg format to use in your own presentations.
- Figure 10.1 Abuse of Illicit Drugs or Alcohol, MA and US (JPG)
- Figure 10.2 Abuse of Illicit Drugs or Alcohol by Region (JPG)
- Figure 10.3 Illicit Drug Use, Past Month by Region (JPG)
- Figure 10.4 Alcohol Use, Past Month by Region (JPG)
- Figure 10.5 Abuse of Illicit Drugs or Alcohol, Past Year by Age (JPG)
- Figure 10.6 Youth Substance Use, MA and US (JPG)
- Figure 10.7 Youth Substance Use, 2003-2006 (JPG)
- Figure 10.8 Age of First Use, Middle & High School Students Combined (JPG)
- Figure 10.09 Youth Alcohol Use, Past Month (JPG)
- Figure 10.10a Youth Marijuana Use, Past Month, Middle School (JPG)
- Figure 10.10b Youth Marijuana Use, Past Month, High School (JPG)
- Figure 10.11a Youth Binge Drinking, Past Month, Middle School (JPG)
- Figure 10.11b Youth Binge Drinking, Past Month, High School (JPG)
- Figure 10.12 Youth Substance Use (JPG)
- Figure 10.13 Substance Use, Adults 18-25 (JPG)
- Figure 10.14 Substance Use, Adults 26 (JPG)
- Figure 10.15 People Who Could Not Get Into Treatment, Ages 12 (JPG)
- Figure 10.16 People Who Could Not Get Into Treatment, Ages 18-25 (JPG)
- Figure 10.17 Opioid-Related Deaths and Hospital Stays (JPG)
- Figure 10.18 Deaths from Smoking (JPG)
- Figure 10.19 Smoking-Attributable Health Care Expenditures (JPG)
- Figure 10.20 Adult Smokers (Age 18 ) (JPG)
- Figure 10.21 Adult Smoking Rate Among Subgroups (JPG)
- Figure 10.22 Current Cigarette Use, High School Students (JPG)
- Figure 10.23 Cigarette Smoking and Illegal Drug Use, High School Students (JPG)
- Figure 10.24 Exposure to Secondhand Smoke for Nonsmokers (JPG)
- Figure 10.25 Exposure to Secondhand Smoke for Nonsmokers by Subgroup .We?
VIDEO: Hear two of Hollywood's hottest men praise Cate the Great!
We love the idea of both, but we can't get behind this sock hop chic for a Comic-Con event circa 2014. Sure the style is light and airy for a hot summer day, but the capped sleeves and long length make a better fit for dumping potatoes in the fryer than signing autographs on the red carpet.
So by all means, please keep up the Back to the Future gig Cate, but don't forget to pack a change of clothes in the DeLorean next time you're headed straight from the '50s to the step and repeat.
Tune-in to an all-new Fashion Police this Friday at 9/8c on E!
PHOTOS: See all of Cate's best red carpet moments!)
1966 Ford Mustang
Get ready for or summer cruising. 1966 Ford Mustang. 302. With 5 speed. New paibt, interior, glass, exhaust, and much more. Listing under NADA values. Dont let this one pass
... $12,500
1966 Ford Thunderbird
Even Though It Was The Last Year Of The Fourth Generation Thunderbird, 1966 Saw A Stylistic Revision For The Model Highlighted By A New Egg-Crate Style Grille With A Large
... $5,900
1939 Ford Deluxe Convertible
This ’39 convertible was a frame-off complete nut and bolt restoration to concourse standards, and went on to win its Senior and Grand National status. It has been
... $89,500
1952 Ford F2
1952 Ford F2 Standard Cab Pickup Truck. A rare unmolested example in great mechanical and visual condition. Pictures speak for themselves. A true 2- condition. The truck was
... $18,950
1968 Ford Mustang Fastback
Stock #266TPAThis vehicle is located in our Tampa Showroom, Ruskin Fl-USA from I-75 you take exit 240B and go West on 674/ College Avenue. Go down .3 miles and turn right
... $140,000
1966 Ford Mustang
fully restored flamed off, rebuilt engine, show room condition.
... $23,000
1939 Ford Deluxe
Car complete frame off restoration, new engine, rust free, excellence conduction inside out, car show quality.
... $35,000
1965 Ford F100
Stock #49Up for sale in our Houston showroom is probably the best looking 1965 Ford F100 you will ever see. This 1965 F100 is part of Ford’s fourth generation of the
... $32,995
1923 Ford T Bucket
Stock #46Up for sale in the Houston showroom is one awesome hot rod. The 1923 Ford T-Bucket. The Ford Model T or T-Bucket was also known as the Tin Lizzy, T Model Ford,
... $15,995
1965 Ford Thunderbird
Stock #16-FTL 954-227-42021965 Ford Thunderbird$21,995Engine:390 CID V8 Transmission: 3 Speed Automatic Mileage: 91763 (actual) Body Style: Convertible Exterior Color: Blue
... 
... $12,750 must sell
1993 Ford Mustang Cobra
Stock #10-FTL 954-227-42021993 Ford Mustang Cobra$27,595Engine:5.0L V8 FI Transmission: 5 Speed Manual OD Mileage: 38164 (actual) Body Style: 2 Door Hatchback Rear End: 8.8
... $275
... :
... $29,995
1965 Ford Mustang
Stock #883-LOUEngine:302 Small BlockTransmission:Automatic Over DriveMileage:8000 (since rebuilt)Body Style:ConvertibleExterior Color:Patriot RedInterior Color:BeigeAir
... $44,995Councillor Rohan Fitzgerald will have one more shot at trying to get a new performing arts centre for Traralgon, over the line.
Print page
Permalink
His quest was all but lost at a Latrobe City Council meeting on Monday night when the majority of councillors voted in favour of Kernot Hall in Morwell as the preferred site for a performing arts and convention centre development.
Earlier at the meeting, a recommendation put forward by council officers that the centre be developed in Traralgon, was defeated, five votes to four.
Cr Fitzgerald and Deputy Mayor, Cr Sandy Kam expressed frustration that a perceived voting bloc had thwarted the Traralgon community's campaign to secure the arts and convention centre.
At the end of the meeting, Cr Fitzgerald lodged a notice of rescission, forcing council to review the decision at its next meeting on 21 June.
Cr Fitzgerald told ABC Gippsland's Mornings program that he wanted to "put air" between the decision supporting Morwell, and the next council meeting.
"From my point of view, the meeting last night and certainly the decision of last night didn't reflect what the community had been telling me for some time now," Cr Fitzgerald says.
"Council is a strange beast and I think that there's always a chance (councillors may reconsider) and I'm a very optimistic person that people can reflect on their decisions.
"I think this particular issue needs to be escalated beyond council. Council has clearly shown that it has the inability to actually deal with these types of issues".
Cr Fitzgerald says Premier John Brumby and Local Government Minister Richard Wynne must step in and support an investigation into the decision making processes of Latrobe City Council.
The performing arts and convention centre proposal was the subject of extensive community consultation with the majority of submissions supporting the Traralgon development.
Comment on this story hereBy pan_flabdo
Cats hate Christmas! For more Holiday goofiness, follow Weenis the Elf on twitter:
Published December 18, 2013 37 views More Info »
pan_flabdo
- Uploader
Additional Credits:
Jason Patterson
Jason Patterson
2 Funny Votes
0 Die Votes
37 Views
Published December 18, 2013
Up Next:
The Bird And The Bee "Will You Dance?" with Simon Helberg and Patton Oswalt
AUTOPLAY
Up Next In: 10
AdvertisementEuropean Union Plans To Drop Punitive Tariffs On Textiles Apparel And Other Products
James A. Morrissey, Washington Correspondent
European Union officials say they plan to drop some $4 billion in punitive tariffs levied on a
number of US exports, including textiles and apparel, in retaliation against what they said were
illegal subsidies. After the World Trade Organization agreed, Congress repealed the export
subsidies, and the sanctions are expected to be lifted January 1. The punitive tariffs, which had
been started at 5 percent in March, had increased each month to the current level of 12 percent.
They appear to have had a relatively minor impact on exports of apparel and home furnishings, but
yarn exports were down significantly.
November 2004
AdvertisementThe Laynes
Biography
Formed in the Spring of 2006, Scottish band The Laynes have built up a solid support playing the live circuit in the West of Scotland as well as performing at a number of notable events in 2009, including Mods Mayday in Birmingham, The Glasgow Mod Weeknder and the A Little Mixed Up alldayer in Glasgow. Their tunes have appeared on compilation albums A Little Mixed Up (Double Breasted Modzine) and Immediate Pleasure (Rowed Out Records) but “It’s For You” released on Two Cat Records is their debut album of original compositions. Influenced by the sounds of the late 60s, the band play guitar driven 60’s harmonies mixed with psychedelia and mod rhythm and blues.
Websites
Discography
Compilations: Released 2009 A Little Mixed Up (Double Breasted Modzine), Immediate Pleasure (Rowed Out Records)
Debut 13 track CD It’s For You (Two Cat Records) avalaable through avalanche reocrds for £7.99iTek Pro Theme April 19, 2014Themes7 Comments Full details including Features coming up shortly! First demo – Shop on Front Page! Second Demo – Static Front Page!
7 thoughts on “iTek Pro Theme”
Just tried to submit ANOTHER support ticket and the dang on CREATE ISSUE button doesn’t even work. Just gimme a refund buddy.
As requested previously, please provide your username, PayPal email and PayPal transaction ID for verification and a refund.
Visit the Contact Us page to submit the information.
Zulf
is this not available for purchase yet?
Currently available in the member’s area. Individual theme purchase coming up very shortly – just finalising the slider options
I paid for my Membership just to get the Pro Theme. I did it about 30 minutes ago. How long does it take to upgrade my site status so I can download it?
You should have received an email with your login details – once logged in to the site you should be able to see all downloads on the Member’s pages. The downloads page is located at:
If you are still having access issues then please open a support ticket here: and I’ll do my best to assist you – when submitting the ticket please include as mush information as possible i.e username, PayPal email and transaction id for the purchase.
Regards,
Zulf
I followed what you sent in the email and still everything goes to a page that says Register. I have logged and logged back in almost 20 times to get to the same page. It took a whole day for someone to respond to me. I prefer a refund. Gonna just use another theme from another site. Sucks, because I really like this theme.SAVANNAH — Prosthetist Kevin Carroll, who was portrayed by Morgan Freeman in the hit movie “Dolphin Tale,” will be the guest speaker at The Dolphin Project’s “Dolphin and Desserts” fundraising event at 6:30 p.m. May 19 at Stewart Hall in First Presbyterian Church, 520 Washington Ave. in Savannah.The event, a fundraiser for dolphin research, is open to the public. The event will include sweets and beverages during Carroll’s program. Attendees also participate in a silent auction featuring art by coastal artists. A prosthetist with more than 30 years of experience, Carroll educates clinicians and prosthetic users around the world who work with and are the most challenging amputation cases. Carroll is well known for his work creating the first prosthetic tail for a dolphin named Winter, which was featured in “Dolphin Tale.” During the research and development necessary to fit a prosthetic tail on Winter, Carroll helped create a special silicone gel sleeve that makes prosthetic limbs more comfortable for human amputees. A $5 donation is appreciated. Those interested in attending should RSVP at dolphinsanddesserts@gmail.com. Seating is limited.Okay, so we may never have the reported $2 million worth of Hermés handbags owned by Victoria Beckham...but thanks to a once-in-a-lifetime sale just a few days away, we may be able to score one luxury satchel at a sorta-affordable price...
The eBay Fashion Vault is holding an Hermés sale in just six days, and there are 25 hot handbags up for grabs--and some still clock in at less-than-a-few-months'-rent prices. The fabulous calf-leather hobo bag above was just $202.50 at publishing time, while a black leather portfolio clutch's highest bid was $177.50.
Of course, there are some seriously spendy items in the mix, too: This ostrich Kelly bag already has a high bid of $2,025, and we're guessing the lone Birkin will fetch a pretty penny, as well. But for now, there are still some serious deals to be scored, so head over to eBay and fulfill your handbag fantasies!
PLUS!
- Chic work bags for every budget (inspired by Fendi!)
- HandbagHeaven.com, where everything is under $85
- A peek at what's inside blogger Anna James's purseAIR-WGB352C
AIR-WGB352R
Firmware version 8.65 sets the power setting higher than the maximum level approved for Japan.
Previous firmware versions set the correct power levels. Version 8.65 sets the level to the maximum rather than capping it at the maximum allowed for Japan.
No failure symptoms will be seen as this is a compliance issue regarding power level settings.
A future release will be posted to CCO to resolve this issue, but until that is available, a previous version, such as 8.58, must be used instead.
Firmware version 8.58 (filename WGB350v858.exe) is available for registered, logged in users at the Cisco Aironet 350 Series Software Download Center (registered customers only) .
Information on firmware upgrade/downgrade procedures can be found in the release note Release Notes for Cisco Aironet Workgroup - Upgrade.1 post
Easily one of the best libraries of guitar one-shot sample sets EVAR !!!
All my guitar work is done with your sample sets
listen? :
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By browsing our site you agree to our use of cookies.
For more information check out our cookies policy. often do you check your trans. fluid? Have you had it flushed yet?
My 2004LX with 70k miles had trans fluid looking dirty at around 23k miles. Had it flushed then, and again around 50k miles. If not flushed may have been a contributing factor in current problem.
We were on a trip in the NC mountains in April and I had the cruise control set while on the highway. When we hit the first grade that required a downshift from OD the tach took off toward redline! We were able to complete the trip, but any time that downshift occurred it was nothing but slippage.
Had it checked by our local mechanic. No codes plus that slippage = shot trans. Estimate for installing rebuilt was ~ $3,500 (more than the vehicle is worth).
Another MPV bites the dust...
The rebuild price is a lot better than some others I've seen. What other repairs/issues have you had? If you can get a good warranty for the trans repair, may be worth taking a second look.
Also, I don't care to use the cruise control much, the thing has a heavy lead foot and will accelerate too hard. Probably not a good idea to use in the mountains.
I'm not a car guy nor do I have issues with ethanol. It may be a coincidence.
For what it's worth..
Could this be related to the transmission slowly fading away?
Any help you can provide will be greatly appreciated.
Thanks so much,
Sridhar.
Check your plugs, wires, and coils, and the PCV hose. While you're at it, check the MAF and IAC and inspect the air box tubing. Typically the rear bank of coils are more prone to act up, but all are fair game.
-Brian
Thanks again, Sridhar.
I probaby wouldn't be taking my MPV into a tire store for repairs. Doesn't sound like they know what they are doing.
It's back in the same shop that my wife had taken the van to replace the battery. I would have replaced the battery myself but I had to work and she needed the car before I got back from work. It seems strange to me that a battery replacement would be the cause of this transmission problem. Even if the computer needs to reset and adjust, it shouldn't be THAT hard of a shift. The hard shifts happen between 1st and 2nd (hardest shift), 2nd and 3rd, and 3rd and 4th (this one feels like a hard down shift followed immediately by a moderately hard up shift). I didn't check 4th to 5th as the first several were enough for me to take it immediately back to the shop.
My wife originally wanted to keep it at the shop since the transmission acted up the moment she went to drive it out of the shop parking lot but the technician said it was okay and that it would go back to normal after a short bit. Well, it didn't go back to normal in the 2 miles I drove it from my house, the gas station, and then back to the shop.
Is this the end of the transmission? Or did I not "wait" long enough for the "computer to reset/adjust"?
EDIT: The O/D Off light flashes continuously even after I try to turn it off. According to the manual, it's an electrical/transmission problem of some sort. The shop hasn't called back to tell me what codes turned up if any.
It is recommended to have the system flushed every 35k miles. As I have been told by the dealer and small repair shops, that it is better to do the maintenance or have it done for for 100-200 bucks than the $4000k for repairs. As most new transmissions will last so long as it is not clogged with material (metal, gunk from wear parts.)
I'm thankful I didn't have a big repair job here. Good luck guys. MPV is happy again
I disconnected the battery and will wait for about 30 minutes and reconnect to see if that helps. Otherwise, I guess a trip to the dealership will be next.
On Feb.9th, 2005 at 29,866 miles the check engine light illuminated and the engine would not idle properly (loud hissing noise). The transmission had already begun having the dreaded "shift shock". Took vehicle to dealer for the following recalls and warranty repairs: Fog light recall repair. PVC hose replacement. Radiator fan control module replacement. They stated that shift shock was related to PVC hose replacement. They paid for the rental car. Picked up the van on Feb. 10th. Washed , vacuumed and repaired under warranty. Cost $0.
On Dec.15th, 2006 at 53,678 miles the check engine light illuminated and the engine would not idle (loud hissing noise). Since the van was not under warranty the dealer wanted $497.00 for the replacement of the PVC hose. I declined, bought the hose from them (no aftermarket available) for $86.00 and changed the hose myself. Took me about 1/2 hour. Transmission still had shift shock but was able to minimize by awareness during shifts. I wanted to change the transmission oil. The owners manual doesn't recommend it.
On Nov. 12th, 2007 at 64,012 miles the check engine light illuminated and the engine wouldn't idle properly. It would skip or miss especially upon acceleration. I took the van to Advance Auto Parts and pulled the codes. It was the #3 ignition coil. Whats a diy'er to do? The MPVCLUB.com provided me with the most valuable information. I actually found a step by step bolt by bolt procedure with photos to replace the coil. Coil cost was $52.00 from advance. I replaced the spark plugs while the intake manifold was off. Plugs were $16.00.
On June 9th, 2009 at 85,099 miles I had to replace the PVC hose again. I learned from the mpvclub.com website that a new and improved PVC hose had been manufactured. I realized that the one replaced under warranty and the previous one the Mazda dealer had sold me were the original old style and that is why I'm having to replace it again. As per the mazdaclub.com website, instead of buying another hose from Mazda, some people buy the replacement from Ford since the MPV engine is made by Ford and utilized in some of their models. Its also less expensive from Ford. The website also has a step by step procedure for making your own for $5.00 out of automotive hose and a copper plumbing elbow. I chose that replacement and haven't had a problem since. I also had to replace the automotive fan control module again due to it malfunctioning. Again when the dealer replaced the original under warranty they replaced it with the old defective model. I made sure I purchased the new upgraded model from the dealer. Mpvclub.com shows photos of both (old and new) with stock numbers..
I use Mobile One Synthetic Oil every 10,000 miles with a Fram Supergard filter.
I changed the engine air filter and cabin filter at 30-60-90 miles. No other repairs or maintenance cost except 2 sets of front only brake pads and all tires. I know belts and hoses will be soon, as well as valve tappet adjustments and brake fluid / engine coolant replacement. Please feel free to respond to my post with your thoughts, comments and/or questions. Oh, by the way, did I mention I really like this van. I think I'll keep her around for a while.
I've had the trans. fluid flushed 2 times on my 2004 LX. It started to appear discolored at around 25k miles, brownish pink. I believe the dealership put lubegard red in as an additive, which helped with keeping trans fluid cooler, as the subsequent flush the color was a lot better. Looking to do another flush or drain and fill here in the next 6 months. Never had a problem with shift shock (knock on wood) which affected the 2002-2003 models.
$497 for the PCV hose install sounds crazy. They must have been charging you to take off the upper intake to put it in?
Sounds like you saved a ton of money by doing it yourself. I also had the #1, #2, and #3 coil replaced a few months ago, along with pcv hose (slightly collapsed) and
the plugs. The MPVclub write up was very good, but I decided to let the dealership do it. Luckily it turned out well, as the PCM needed replacement and it was done for free under the emissions warranty. Probably would have cost me around $1,000.
I've also had the IAC valve replaced and the fan control module. Did those myself.
I have had mild shift shock for thousands and thousands of miles. My van was made just after the last TSB for shift shock, so it already had the software update. In my case it is worse when cold and happens most often from 1st to 2nd. Hasn't really gotten worse but it can't be a good thing.
Once I started using Google to do some research and realized that this was a common problem, I contacted Mazda and was told "there is no known problem leading to premature failure". I have no doubt that lies like this are simply standard procedure to not admit any liability as part of their loss control strategy (or corporate greed department). I am curious to know what "premature" means to Mazda. However, it is misguided and does cost them customers, and this will be my 2nd and last Mazda vehicle. Cars are far too expensive to be disposable -- I have had lots of cars with over 220,000 miles on them without major failures.
I saw a lot of references to potential class action law suits and the use of lemon laws but suspect that it is all stacked in favor of large companies and lawyers, so that is little comfort to consumers.
Since I have a web site that does a lot of scam busting and consumer advocacy, I am writing up a web page on Mazda transmission problems as a) a warning to consumers and b) information on this particular transmission to help with getting it repaired properly or making an informed decision to dump the thing. If anyone wants to help with links to repair information, JATCO service manuals, ignorant letters from Mazda or anything else, please post comments at . Thanks and good luck with your transmission.
I decided to go for the used transmission and the 1st one the Mazda dealer installed was also a failure, and the 2nd one was also a failure, and now 10 days later the dealer is calling it a nightmare and still trying to make it work ...
After reading all that's here, I'm feeling really afraid to put in a "new" (used) transmission, whether from a junk yard or remanufactured. It seems too many folks here did the same and experienced the same problem with their "new" transmissions all over again.
Unfortunately, this is our only car and we are broke. So it would seem that it'd be a better bet for us to try and replace the transmission, since the van has otherwise been great. If not, we're stuck buying some crappy beater car of way less quality. But then again, like I said, after what I read here and on other blogs/forums, I'm not so sure.
Any advice/help appreciated, as we are in a very serious financial bind and we need a working car. Thanks!
MPV coils do often fail but the bucking at idle symptom screams "PCV hose leak". Do a google search for
site:mpvclub.com PCV hose vacuum leak
to find lots of threads on this topic.
If you have prior experience working on MPVs to fix this problem, the hose is easy to replace. But it is difficult the first time because your have to do everything by feel. You cannot see the hose clamp or the right angle bend unless you remove the intake manifold. At mpvclub.com, you will also find instructions on how to make a robust homebrew replace hose for $10-20.Product Releases
ECM-coated Tissue Culture Plates
Wed, 12/17/2008 - 6:19am
Millipore has introduced a new line of tissue culture plates pre-coated with a selection of matrices that enhance cell growth and differentiation for stem cell, cancer, cell signaling, and other critical research applications. New Millicoat Cultureware are 6- or 24-well tissue culture plates that have been pre-coated with either protein or synthetic coatings including Collagen, Fibronectin, and Poly-D-Lysine. ECM proteins provide a substrate necessary for many fastidious cells to attach to a surface. Studies show that anchorage-dependent cells growing on ECM undergo more efficient plating; have higher proliferation rates; reach a higher density; require lower serum and growth factor concentrations; and demonstrate enhanced differentiation potential. ECM is critical for the in vitro culture of cells because it helps simulate aspects of the normal 3-D cellular environment. Millipore Corp., 800-645-5476,
bt0812milliporeec.tif
Advertisement
Does anyone have a good suggestion for a durable yet lite backpack for a 10 year old boy? I would like to get my son a real backpack this year for our summer trips. It is time he started carrying all of his own gear. He has been using a day pack to this point. He also starts Boy Scouts in the fall and will need one for all the trips his new troop takes. I would like to find one that will actually fit his body and yet will be adjustable enough that he can use it as he grows. I was thinking of Granite Gear as they have a fantastic adjustable harness system. Any suggestions?
Jansport Scout.
One of my kids has a Deuter Fox 30. Very adjustable (torso 10-17"). Plenty durable and fully featured, making it a bit heavy at 2 # 7 oz. They also make a 40 liter version at 2# 14 oz (torso 11-18"). REI has 'em.
Edited by DavidDrake on 05/18/2011 09:10:12 MDT.
I've had my eye on the deuter fox 30 as well. You wouldn't want to go too UL for a kids he's probably going to scrape it up and melt it a bit.Playoutdoors has the pack too.
I also have my boys in the Dueter Fox 30, and will use that pack when daughter starts to hike. Around 11/12, they are big enough to transition to a smaller adult size pack. I have my older boys in a Small Gossamer Gear miniposa and a medium ULA Circuit.I think they could use the fox 30 for a year or two more, but at some point, I like them to carry their own gear, and I get embarrassed when my gear weighs less than theirs . . . so I transition them to a lighter pack.
Osprey makes a couple kids packs that have adjustable torso length's (with quite a bit of range).
The Fox 30 is almost a pound lighter than similar offerings from the other big makers (Osprey, TNF, REI, Kelty, etc). Even at that, it uses 1" webbing, buckles and ladder-locks throughout. With a little surgery, you could replace with 3/4 web and buckles, and use cord for side compression. Probably save several ounces.Crazy that no one makes an off-the-shelf sub 2 pound pack for kids.
Deuter gets my vote. Ford used a Fox 30 for years - and he was NOT easy on his pack - and it still looked near new when I sold it off when he hit around 11 or 12 (he is very tall). It may not be the lightest but it is well made and kids like them. They wear well and have an excellent suspension system.
The Deuter Fox and Osprey Jib both seem really good, but I was surprised to find that my 9 y/o son prefers a frameless pack. After struggling with a problematic REI pack that's no longer on their website, I got my son a Golite Jam in size small. Don't think they still make this size, but if you can pick one up on Gear Swap or if he can wear a medium, and you keep his load light enough, it's proven to be a great kid's pack. Personally I'm a fan of some type of frame, but I keep my son's load so light that he prefers the frameless (but padded) Jam. He uses a folded and barely inflated pad for some structure. The only other frameless pack I know of that would fit a kid is a MLD Prophet. I was skeptical on the frameless thing for him but he's more comfortable and agile with it, but we aren't doing major miles.
I would strongly recommend a MLD Burn in size XSmall or Small. My daughters XS Burn was a custom order and Ron did a beautiful job. MLD offers the Prophet in size XS for those wanting/needing more volume.
Edited by thomdarrah on 05/18/2011 12:31:04 MDT.
My 7-year old got an REI Comet this spring that was on closeout. She loves it. Not made anymore, but REI has similar products available. my 11-year-old, we bought her a Gregory Maven in the XS size that fits her great and is adjusted down. It was very slightly used, spent about $75 on it and is so adjustable it should fit her for 5 years or so, at which time it can shift to my younger daughter. Disclaimer - we're huge Gregory fans and have been for years despite the heavy pack weights.Neither pack is ultralight, but for kids the need for comfort and adjustability outweighs the ultralight needs. My 7 year old carried about 15 pounds into the Grand Canyon this spring and my 11 year old was around 17 or 18 pounds of pack weight. Both were happy at those weights. Of course I was loaded up like a mule.
Edited by risingsun on 05/18/2011 12:31:00 MDT.
We bought a Deuter Climber for my youngest daughter. Probably a bit smaller than you want for your older kid, but it's a good option for others with smaller children.
"I would strongly recommend a MLD Burn in size XSmall or Small. My daughters XS Burn was a custom order and Ron did a beautiful job. MLD offers the Prophet in size XS for those wanting/needing more volume"Wow.
You can still get the rei comet on their outlet how do you like the Deuter climber? I have a fox 30 for my 8yr daughter thats built like a twig. Anyhow I don't think the hip belt fits her snug enough and even on the lowest setting and after adjusting the shoulder straps they dont seem to fit right over her shoulders but in fact go up about 1/4 inch past her shoulders then back down her back. I think, and I don't have it infront of me at the moment, that the load lifters cause this gap. Shes uses it on a couple of trips but would like to try the climber.
I got my 6yr old the Deuter Climber last summer. Couldn't find it in the US and had to order it from the UK. Absolutely great pack. We literally couldn't find anything lighter with any sort of decent support system. You could probably remove more weight from it as there are daisy chains and other stuff hanging off all over the place. Doesn't have quite the support of an internal frame as it is less rigid, but for a sleeping bag and a pound or two of stuff it's great. It also looks like a real pack, so they think they're doing the real thing. She's only 7 now, but unless the kids are work horses, this should be good starting at 5 or 6 up to 10 year old or so.
I like the Deuter Climber, but at 10, he's probably too big to start there. My son is 9, and he's ready to give up the Climber and move up.What about the REI Flash 50 Women's pack? For a few more hours, with coupon code OUTSAVE22, it's only $78. Would he fit into it? Says it's only 29oz in minimalist config (take off the lid and framesheet): lot of younger scouts carry women's packs cause the size small tends to be just right.
rps76,wow in a good way?i think its awesome that Ron makes packs for kids.btw, i thought you were "done" with BPL because of the member's only gear swap?
I originally bought my daughter the REI 40L kids pack. When I did that, I thought it would be a good pack since it can "grow" with my kids and I hadn't yet "discovered" BPL or the idea of ultralight. Like most things REI, it's a high quality pack, but at 3 lbs 4 ozs it's a heavy start for a 7 year old.This year when hiking with my daughter I plan to let her use my Murmur or possibly a Jam M that I have, but obviously they're not sized right for her, but since I don't hike far when the kids are along, it might be just fine. I love the idea of getting a MLD pack in size small, I have a Exodus FS myself and MLD makes a very high quality product.With the introduction of the Jam 35, I'm thinking that at $100 a size small is a great option for kids.
Is little light gear still around? They have cool kids packs
I got a Deuter Fox 30 for my 8 year old. Only problem is he's almost 5' tall. I'll pass this along once he outgrows the pack. In fact, I bought this pack used, and they are pretty easy to find around $40 used.Highly recommend.
You must login to post.
MEMBERSHIP IS REQUIRED TO POST: You must be a Forum, Annual or Lifetime Member to post messages in the backpackinglight.com forums.
SUBSCRIBE NOW »Your browser does not support iframes...
Day of Prayer
Dr. Ruth Redel will be guest speaker at the World Day of Prayer Service noon March 6. The service is sponsored by the local Church Women United and will be hosted by Central Avenue Baptist Church, 401 Central Ave., Elizabethtown. World Day of Prayer is a Worldwide ecumenical movement of women of many faiths who come together to observe a common day of prayer. For more information, contact Linda Funk at 737-2929.
Free dinner and movie to attend.
The LaRue County Herald is your source for local news, sports, events and information in LaRue County, KY, and the surrounding area.So we’re three majors down after that splendid week at Hoylake. We found out plenty about who are 2014’s consistent men, with the likes of Rickie Fowler and Jim Furyk securing a top five finish, whilst Rory McIlory strode to victory in his home tournament on the links.
The claret jug was the first major the Northern Irishman has won since he signed a deal with Nike worth a reported $20 million per year. But does equipment really affect performance?
We take a look at the top major stars of 2014 and take a look what’s in their bags which makes them so good…
Related Articles
- Golfing World News - August 1
- Rory McIlroy targets more Major success at US Open
Rickie Fowler
Driver: Cobra BiO Cell+
The 25-year-old world no.18 is in the form of his life this season having not finished outside the top five in a major so far. He fell just short in The Open a week or so ago, but overall has been the standout player by a distance since January.
He’s one of very few on the tour using Cobra clubs, with other notable players, Ian Poulter and Jonas Blixt also inside the top 50.
His confidence in his kit – which includes the superb BiO Cell+ Driver – has improved his shot making dramatically, and he’ll no doubt want to cap a fine year off with another top five at the PGA Championship next month.
Adam Scott
Putter: Scotty Cameron Futura X Long
Scott finally took over the number one spot in May of this year after an impressive six months so far on the course.
He’s stormed through the PGA Tour becoming the first player to win all four Texas-based events, and has taken that form into the majors where the Titleist Pro secured a top five finish in the Open at Hoylake.
Well known for his AimPoint Express routine, he combines this with a Scotty Cameron long putter – which of course will be out of action in 2016 – and it’s helped him become one of the world’s finest short game players.
Jim Furyk
Shoes: Adicross Gripmore
A bit of a veteran of the sport, Jim Furyk has had plenty of time to figure out his perfect bag, combining a terrific set of clubs with the comfort of Adidas golf shoes.
It’s easy to see why he’s consistently one of the best players on the tour with that kind of taste. Fellow major winners Justin Rose and Martin Kaymer have also been seen sporting the same Adicross Gripmore make during the Masters in April. The shoes are known for their distinctive red sole!
This season has been no different. He’s averaged 10th so far across the majors, , with their distinctive red sole and breathable material, becoming a favourite with not only The Grinder but Scottish Open winner Justin Rose and Martin Kaymer.
Rory McIlroy
Driver: Nike Covert Tour 2.0
One of golf’s most marketable players, Rory McIlroy won his first major with Nike at Royal Liverpool, after a stunning first few days led him to the biggest margin lead at The Open in 40 years going into the final day.
He boasts a Nike Covert Tour 2.0 driver which helps him hit some of the longest tee-shots in the sport, whilst the apparel he’s supplied with has made the swoosh one of the most popular sights on the course across the planet. If anyone needed proof of his power just look up his 436-yard drive at the Scottish Open.
Jimmy Walker
Shoes: Footjoy Icon
Another Titleist man, Jimmy Walker teed off his majors year with an 8th and 9th finish in the Masters and US Open respectively and has slowly worked himself into the top 20 in 2014.
The beginning of the season saw him win three times in his first eight events and achieved best results in all three Major Championships so far. The pundits still seem to write him off when it comes to winning a Majors though. He is currently 50/1 to win the US PGA.
Wearing the FootJoy Icon – perhaps the classic golf shoe – he’ll be hoping to stride down to the 18th green at Valhalla capping off a standout year with another great major finish.
Article CommentsClick on the link/contract of what you’d like to purchase. Senior ads and 2016 yearbooks are on sale now. Ad sales end October 1. Online ads for can be purchased for $50 a month. Email info@legacystudentmedia.com for more info. Why buy an advertisement in Legacy’s student publications? Business Ads | Senior Ads| Mail In Form […]
Posts By: admin
2016 Senior Photos
Strawbridge Photography will be on campus July 22-24 taking senior photos. Check the mail for your appointment time. Photographers will be in the Black Box Theatre near the Theater classrooms. Clothing will be provided. (Guys must wear the tux, and girls must wear the drape.) New Photographers: July 22-24 Seniors Day 1 | PAC and Black […]
Photo Store
Not all photos our talented photographers take make a publication, so we offer extra photos for purchase. Check out our photo store.
We Need Talented People to Join Our Team
We’re growing and we need you! If you have an interest in writing, sports, video, photography, design, marketing, computers or just having fun – take a journalism class. We’re looking for photographers, writers, videographers, sports writers and more! Join the winning team. See Mr. Mallett or email him at mallett@therideronline.com. […]
Our […]PGT Announces Sale of Salisbury, N.C., FacilityJanuary 28th, 2013 by DWM Magazine.”A young fair-goer eats some ice cream at a previous year’s Fulton Street Fair. A variety of food booths are on tap for this year’s fair June 17-18. (FULTON SUN/file photo)
Wednesday, June 8, 2011
Don’t bother making plans to cook on Friday and Saturday June 17-18. Just come downtown for the annual Fulton Street Fair where a wide array of tasty food will be offered.
Street Fair Food Vendor Chairman Jennell Austin said special restrictions on food service at the fair assure both tasty and safe food.
More like this story
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Please review our Policies and Procedures before registering or commentingMuch like making a shopping list and being more efficient when going to the grocery store, it makes a great deal of sense to do what is almost the corollary when trying to lose weight. That is, track your food intake.
It should be self-evident, although perhaps it's not -- decreased caloric intake means there is the potential (although, sadly, not the guarantee -- bodies can be awfully stubborn things, I'm sorry to say) for weight loss.
And how the heck you gonna know that you've got decreased caloric intake unless you actually keep track of what you've been putting into your mouth?
Also -- and many folk who have weight issues have done this -- have you ever had a day where you forget what you've eaten when it's all said and done? Or, perhaps, you started off with a full bag of chips in front of you. And then, suddenly, it was half or all gone? Where did it all go?
Furthermore, there is the very real possibility that you really are getting the right number of calories, but that you're not getting enough nutrition. A slice of chocolate cake might have (I'm making this number up) 200 calories, and so might a baked potato. Which one is going to have more vitamins and fiber?
You might be a nibbler, too. You might finish your kids' sandwiches, or grab a piece of cooked chicken to nosh on while you slice up the rest and toss it onto salads for the family's dinner. Or a few chips might sneak onto your plate, or you might not be passing by the candy dish at work without grabbing some fortification.
And all of those calories, they add up. And it's so easy to forget that you've consumed them, until you look at a scale. Or you might be in complete denial (I was). I eat right, you might be saying to yourself, and perhaps you are, during regular meals. But the in-between snacking could be completely out of control. Those calories -- they, too, count.
This is where tracking comes in. It's got a twofold purpose. One is to see what you've eaten at the end of the day or even a day or two removed. Did you fill up on empty calories? Did you intake a lot of cholesterol? Another purpose is, as you go through the day, to see what you've got room for. One thing I do is to use my numbers as a guideline for what I can eat later. If the plan is to go out for dinner, I try to plan the day around it. I'll look up the menu online and, if the calorie counts are available, I'll use that information for a base. If the counts are not available, I'll total up the numbers as best as I can (usually, even if calorie counts are not available, at least some of the ingredient information is, so I'll know that the turkey burger has a turkey burger, a bun, ketchup and something on the side). Then I'll work my way backwards and figure out what lunch, breakfast and my snack should be, in order to keep my numbers in line. I want a certain number of calories, I want a certain proportion of fat, carbs and protein. I don't want too much sodium. I want to be sure I get enough iron and calcium. And I also want to have variety in my life. Boiled chicken all the time is as dull as it sounds (and a bland, unvarying diet like that is not only deficient in many nutrients, it usually won't help you to lose weight).
Spark People has a very good food tracker.
Not only can you get information on the above-mentioned nutrients, you can also keep track of how much water you're drinking. Also -- their tracker is FREE!!!
For more information, see: Sparkpeople.com/resource/nutritionThis deal has ended.
The price on this Quilted Short Parka drops from $79.99 to $39.99 to $19.99 when you enter RD19383 at checkout. Shipping adds $7.99. The jacket comes in 5 colors in sizes M-5X (sizes 2X and up are $24.99 after the code). Over 650 reviewers have given this parka a 4.3 out of 5 stars. Sales tax is not charged in most states.No longer availableShowing results 1-7 of 7 matching ACTIVE standards under the jurisdiction of F09.10 F09 Home
F377-03(2009) Standard Practice for Calibration of Braking/Tractive Measuring Devices for Testing Tires
F457-04(2010) Standard Test Method for Speed and Distance Calibration of Fifth Wheel Equipped With Either Analog or Digital Instrumentation
F551/F551M-09a Standard Practice for Using a 1.707-m [67.23-in.] Diameter Laboratory Test Roadwheel in Testing Tires
F559-05(2010) Standard Test Method for Measuring Length of Road Test Courses Using a Fifth Wheel
F811-02(2010) Standard Practice for Accelerometer Use in Vehicles for Tire TestingSee also WK49385 proposed withdrawal
F1035-03(2008) Standard Practice for Use of Rubber-Cord Pie Disk to Demonstrate the Discernment Capability of a Tire X-ray Imaging System
F1364-03(2010) Standard Practice for Use of a Calibration Device to Demonstrate the Inspection Capability of an Interferometric Laser Imaging Nondestructive Tire Inspection System
<! --0--><! --0-->
0 matching Proposed New Standards under the jurisdiction of F09.10 F09 HomeHome » Centers & Services » Centers & Services » Family Medicine » Family Medicine Center, Sterling Heights » Office Hours & Location
Office Hours & Location
Sterling Heights
The Family Medicine Center in Sterling Heights is located across from the hospital at the Beaumont Medical Center, Sterling Heights on the third floor of the Family Medicine Center / Outpatient Services Center building.
44250 Dequindre Road
Sterling Heights, MI 48314
Phone: 248.964.0400
Office Hours
Monday
8 a.m. - 8 p.m.
Tuesday
9 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Wednesday, Thursday & Friday
8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Parking
Free parking is available to all patients and visitors.
Directions
For more information or to schedule an appointment, call 248-964-0400.The DVD player hooked up to the downstairs TV has begun to fail, which was not wholly unexpected, as we bought it for, like, $40 three years ago, so I decided today was a good day to trade up and get myself a Blu-Ray player. I wanted one that in addition to playing Blu-Rays would also stream stuff off a media server and also the Internets (we have a Netflix account which allows for streaming videos), and when you add up all those wants it turns out that the PlayStation 3 is actually not a bad choice as a Blu-Ray player, so I went ahead and got one.
What I don’t actually plan to do is spend a whole lot of time playing games with the thing. My preferred type of video game is the first person shooter, and playing one of those on a console controller is like driving while a gremlin sits on your head and scratches off your corneas. Yes, I know a lot of you play them that way. You are all WRONG. That said, it’s nice that the PS3 also has game options, and I won’t say I’ll never use the machine in that capacity. It’s just not why I bought it. I got it for movies, pretty much end of story. I don’t think Sony minds.Category Archives: acronym (because you stand for something)
the best from the web
It’s a Wonderful Piece of Socialist Propaganda!
Sure,.
Truth Is Not Treason
Jon
Anti-Obama Rage Justified. When do we Kill and Eat the rich?
Barack Obama was pissed.
Did you see him, yesterday afternoon? There he was: finger waging, lectern thumping, with grim, angry looks all around defending his decision to strike a deal with the GOP that would grant a tax break to the richest of the Richie Rich Regressive Randian Rascals out there and extend the Bush tax cuts.
Obama lashed out at Republicans for worshipping at the altar of Trickle Down Economics and liberals for being “sanctimonious” to a fault.
This is a decision so unpopular with the American people who it may very well mean the end of his relevancy as a President (as Rachel Maddow suggested), or that it may guarantee that he sees a Primary challenge from the left in 2012 (as Robert Kuttner recently reported).
And while the lone socialist talking head, Larry O’donnel, took the position that Obama struck the best possible deal he could get, the debate amongst Politician, analyzed by professional pundits has little or nothing to do with how the majority of Americans feel about this issue.
Consider a few statistics from a recent CBS news poll:
Only 26 percent of Americans support the GOP’s proposal to extend the cuts for all Americans. 70% of Democrats want to extend the cuts only on incomes below $250,000.
Even among Republicans, support for extending all the cuts is less than half at 46 percent.
What is in play here is so obvious and only bears mentioning to reframe this debate: elected officials do not even pretend to be accountable to their constituents. They are accountable to the interests of the richest 1% or less in this country. This may have always been true, but the recent Citizen United Supreme Court ruling created a new monster this past election cycle, the Super PAC: granting the super wealthy even more influence and an even greater voice in the political process than ever before.
When lobbying for a more just and equitable world, your letter to your Congresswoman or man or Senator will likely have about the same effect as a sandcastle trying to stop a Tsunami.
What the overwhelming majority of American need is some leverage. Think of it another way. When the United States of America negotiates secretly with – Iran for example, do you think the USA takes the nuclear option off the table? No. That is the leverage we have. My question then is, how far off is the day when the American people, negotiating openly with the super wealthy class via their proxy pawns in Congress and the White House say something like: do we, the unwashed masses want to kill and eat the rich? Well, lets just say that all options are on the table. The negotiating table, and the dinning room table. And yes, pun intended you hyper capitalist trickle down bastard.
As I watch Obama play at negotiating with this lame duck Congress the words that more often than not dancing in my head in reference to that duck are the immortal words of Arlo Guthrie from his protest song Alice’s Restaurant:
“I want to kill. I mean, I wanna, I wanna kill. Kill. I wanna, I wanna see, I wanna see blood and gore and guts and veins in my teeth. Eat dead burnt bodies. I mean kill, Kill, KILL, KILL.”
If one of does that well they might think we was crazy and just ignore it. If two people, can you imagine, two people ranting and raving like that –well they might think they was faggots and file us under Don’t ask Don’t Tell.
But if three, can you imagine if three, or fifty or hundreds of people a day getting so visibly angry, well they might think it was a movement the Kill and Eat the Rich Movement.
And then maybe we would get more Politicians sounding like Bernie Sanders and less sounding like Barack Obama.
Taking Down America
U.S. Occupation of Iraq To Continue Indefinitely
-Davis Fleetwood
TRANSCRIPT:
Dear Veterans: Thank you for making the ultimate sacrifice. Your willingness to die protecting our country is truly heroic. And since you have been wounded and killed and lost years of your life fighting illegal wars of aggression for the past 60 years, your country owes you much much more than an apology.
Certainly, I’m sorry, will not due for those 50,000 who still have boots on the ground in Iraq if they make it out alive to become Veterans. Particularly since the U.S. is prepared to ditch the 2011 deadline to leave Iraq.
What a President lied to the American people about the intentions of our military? I don’t believe it the next thing you are going to tell me is that Santa Claus is not –Oh no. Don’t do that to me. Not so close to the holidays.
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said Tuesday-
Wait a second. Robert Gates was the Defense Secretary under Bush. And Bush is a war criminal. Hope and change swept into Washington. Perhaps I am reading an old newspaper article as the source for my story today.
Is it possible that Barack Obama retained the same Secretary of Defense that was implementing the Bush Doctrine? The illegal wars of aggression that violate the U.S. Constitution, the UN Charter and laws of basic human decency?
This is supposed to be the mutha fucken change I can believe in?
The Anti-American Manifesto ♦ Olbermann Returns ♦ Kendra Wilkinson’s Playboy Pictorial
–D?St. Mary's Springs kicker Zach Hintze has connected on 67 of his 75 extra point attempts this season while making 6-of-9 field goals, including a 42-yarder against Deerfield two weeks ago.
- Filed Under
Stuck with a fourth down in the redzone, a lot of high school football teams don't have the privilege to be able to send out a field goal unit with confidence.
They are forced to go for it, and too often, waste a long drive with a turnover on downs.
The St. Mary's Springs' football team doesn't have to worry about that, as it has a reliable kicker in Zach Hintze. ...Finding Records in Your Access 2003 Tables
When you want to track down a particular record, creating a query is overkill. Fortunately, Access 2003 has a quick.
Finding first things first (and next things after that).
Figure 1: The Find and Replace dialog box gets ready to do its stuff..
Tuning a search for speed and accuracy:
- Look In: By default, Access looks for matches only in the current field — whichever field you clicked in before starting the Find command. To tell Access to search the entire table instead, change the Look In setting to the Table option, as shown in Figure 2.
Figure 2: To search the entire table, change the Look In setting.
- Match: Access makes a few silly assumptions, and this setting is a good example. By default, Match is set to Whole Field, which assumes that you want to find only fields that completely match your search text. The Whole Field setting means that searching for Sam doesn't find fields containing Samuel, Samantha, or Mosam. Not too bright for such an expensive program, is it? Change this behavior by adjusting the Match setting to Any Part of Field, which allows a match anywhere in a field (finding both Samuel and new sample product), or to Start of Field, which recognizes only a match that starts from the beginning of the field. To change this setting, click the down arrow next to the field (see Figure 3) and then make your choice from the drop-down menu that appears.
Figure 3: Look insideall those little fields by using the Match option.
- Search: If you're finding too many matches, try limiting your search to one particular portion of the table with the Search option. Search tells the Find command to look either
• At all the records in the table (the default setting)
• Up or Down from the current record
- Match Case: Match Case requires that the term you search for be exactly the same as the value stored in the database, including the case of the characters. In other words, if the database contains the oddly capitalized name SmItH, Match Case finds that value only if you search for the name using exactly the same odd capitalization (in this case, SmItH). Match Case works very well when searching your database for names.
- Search Fields As Formatted: This option instructs Access to look at the formatted version of the field instead of the actual data you typed. Limiting the search in this way is handy when searching dates, stock-keeping unit IDs, or any other field with quite a bit of specialized formatting. Turn on Search Fields As Formatted by clicking the check box next to it. This setting doesn't work with Match Case, so if Match Case is checked, Search Fields As Formatted appears dimmed. In that case, uncheck Match Case to bring back Search Fields As Formatted.
If your Find command isn't working the way you think it should, check the options in the preceding list. Odds are that one or more of these options aren't set quite right!Florida police say they followed protocol when they Tasered jaywalker Zikomo Peurifoy three times after he refused to provide police officers identification for allegedly jaywalking. "The officers were polite the whole time through and gave good verbal commands," Capt. David Del Rosso, of the Casselberry Florida Police Department, told ABC News. "You hear the officer saying why he stopped him." Peurifoy got a ticket for jaywalking and was charged with resisting arrest and battery on a law enforcement officer. Officers found a concealed gun on Peurifoy but he had a permit to carry the weapon. Noelle Price, the woman who shot the 10-minute video, was also arrested on a charge of resisting an officer without violence because she did not provide her name.2 FMCS :: Who We Are :: FMCS Today :: Notable Events FMCS close window Who We Are / FMCS Today / Notable Events Lockout at Pilgrim Nuclear Plant Ends with Agreement Overseen by Mediator Release Date: 7/10/2012Union. Click here for local news coverage.At 04:00 PM 3/3/2009 +0100, aisaac@few.vu.nl wrote: >... *if an >application does matching of en-UK and en-GB to en*, then that kind of thing >could happen. >Or more precisely, my question is: could this really happen, even for one >application, and if yes, should be include a simple warning in our documentation? I interpret this as asking "if an application chooses to implement matching of en-UK and en-GB to en* by adding some inference of its own that leads to inconsistencies with other parts of the SKOS spec, should we add a simple warning?" to which I answer with another question; "where would we stop with such simple warnings?" ;) I'm not saying this matching is wrong, just the implementation that lead the graph to contain multiple values of prefLabel for a single language tag.Received on Tuesday, 3 March 2009 16:01:46 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 21:23:04 UTCSamenvatting
- Engels
- 203 pagina's
- Springer-Verlag New York Inc.
- januari 2012
It is a great pleasure to offer this volume from Michael J. Nakkula, Karen C. Foster, Marc Mannes, and Shenita Bolstrom as the latest in the Search Institute Series on Developmentally Attentive Community and Society. Its importance to the series and this ?eld of inquiry and practice is readily evident in its title, Building Healthy Communities for Positive Youth Development. Since the early 1990s, Search Institute has invited and encouraged communities of all shapes and sizes to use its framework of Developmental Assets and principles of asset building to create strong, vibrant, and welcoming communities for children and youth. We have operated largely at the grassroots level, encouraging innovation and adaptation around a shared vision, rather than proposing a program or model for replication. We seek to learn as much from the communities as they learn from us. This book offers in-depth case studies of what happened in eight diverse c- munities that took up our invitation. In them, we see a wide array of strategies and approaches that, on the surface, seem to have little coherence. But, as Nakkula and colleagues found, underlying each of these distinct efforts was a deep commitment to transforming the social norms of community life to more effectively attend to young people's healthy development throughout the ?rst two decades of life. There have been many ambitious efforts aimed at comprehensive community change on behalf of young people.Sign in now to view, license and download this image or contact us to see this image without a watermark. Want to embed this image on a non-commercial website or blog? Learn more.
Salmon scale close-up.
Similar imagesView all
Keywords
- Abstract,
- Animal,
- Animal Body Part,
- Animal Colour,
- Animal Skin,
- Backgrounds,
- Beauty In Nature,
- Blue,
- Close-Up,
- Colour Image,
- Extreme Close Up,
- Fish,
- Food,
- Grey,
- Horizontal,
- Macro,
- Metal,
- Metallic,
- No People,
- Part Of,
- Pattern,
- Photography,
- Raw Food,
- Reflection,
- Salmon,
- Scaly,
- Seafood,
- Shiny,
- Silver Coloured,
- Slice,
- Studio Shot,
- Textured,
Fish Scale Stock Photo
Abstract,Animal,Animal Body Part,Animal Colour,Animal Skin,Backgrounds,Beauty In Nature,Blue,Close-Up,Colour Image,Extreme Close Up,Fish,Food,Grey,Horizontal,Macro,Metal,Metallic,No People,Part Of,Pattern,Photography,Raw Food,Reflection,Salmon,Scaly,Seafood,Shiny,Silver Coloured,Slice,Studio Shot,TexturedPhotographer temmuz can arsirayCollection: E+ temmuz can arsiraySalmon scale close-up.
Picture this: you're walking along, pushing your baby in his stroller and talking on your cellphone. And then, oh no!, the stroller catches on some loose pavement and flips, sending the baby to the ground. Do you throw your cellphone and, quick, grab your baby? Not Peaches Geldof!
The British TV presenter and model (you may know her as the unfortunately named daughter of singer Bob Geldof?) caused a bit of a scandal this week when photos were published of her yammering away on the phone as her 4-month-old baby lay on the ground, twisted up in the blankets that had dumped out of the carriage with him. Sounds like Peaches needs to learn one of the most important lessons of parenting. Any guesses?
You are going to screw up as a parent because that's life, and life is messy. But here's where the lesson comes in: right after you screw up, you throw everything you have into fixing it because, really, this is your KID we're talking about. Let me repeat that in case it didn't sink in: your kid! A living, breathing human being.
I'm not going to pick on poor Peaches because she hit some uneven pavement. That's one of those things that can happen to any mom. I blame that on whoever maintains the sidewalk (or rather ... didn't maintain the sidewalk).
But what sets "any mom" apart from a "good mom" is how she responds to a crisis. Does she ignore it? Does she half-ass her attempt to make things right? Or does she make sure her child is her number one priority?
Letting 4-month-old Astala -- who is fine, by the way -- lie wailing on the ground while you talk on your phone betrays priorities that are seriously askew. Do you want to know what the other person is saying or do you want to make sure your baby's neck wasn't broken in a horrendous fall? I'm going to go with my baby every time ... because, let's say it again, folks ... the baby is a living, breathing human being!
Screw the phone. I want to make sure my kid is OK. How about you?
Do you think Peaches reacted like a normal mom or does she need to brush up on her response to her baby's needs?
Image via DieselDemon/FlickrWhether you are new to the sport or have been riding for a while, learning the fundamentals of cycling and bike handling are an important key to improving performance and becoming more comfortable on the bike.
While most riders quickly find a certain position that is the most comfortable, knowing and using all three positions on drop handlebars is an important skill. Knowing when and how to use these positions will help you to be safer, pedal faster, and become more comfortable on the bike, no matter what the situation or conditions.
More: Cycling in the Wind: Beginner Basics
Here are the three basic handlebar positions for drop handlebars and when to use them.
The Tops
Most novice cyclists or those new to road bikes will find this position to be the most comfortable because it puts you in the most upright position. But because of the lack of control over the bike and the distance that the hands have to travel to the brakes, it is not always the best choice. Below are the advantages and disadvantages of the position.
- Least aerodynamic
- Good long, steady climbing position
- Upright posture opens up the diaphragm, allowing you to take deeper breaths and consume more oxygen
- Tilts the hips back, which allows you to recruit more of the gluteal muscles (which are among the largest and strongest in the body) and helps to increase power on climbs
- Should only be used when riding slow or on climbs because of the inability to brake if needed
- Shouldn't be used when riding in heavy traffic or on group rides
More: Basic Skills for Group Riding
Discuss This ArticleDo you represent a musician or label and want to submit your music for airplay?
Contact: jimkbrennan AT gmail DOT com
Contact: jimkbrennan AT gmail DOT com
Do you have a station ID or a promo sound-byte you would like to have aired on the radio?
Contact: jamforte AT btconnect DOT com
Contact: jamforte AT btconnect DOT com
Do you have a progressive news worthy item or concert information to share with our community?
Contact: post AT peterpower DOT dk
Contact: post AT peterpower DOT dk
Do you have a problem with or do you have a question (please, read the FAQ first) about the web site?
Contact: VAXman AT tmesis DOT com
Contact: VAXman AT tmesis DOT com
Please place [PASS:VAXman] (that's open square bracket,
uppercase PASS, colon, uppercase VAX, lowercase man, and
close square bracket) exactly as is shown in bold text in your
through the anti-SPAM filters.
We, the staff of Aural Moon, apologize for not providing you with direct and clickable links to the staff. Due to the abuses of the Aural Moon email server in the past by rogues on the internet, we have disabled the auralmoon.com domain email server. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation.- Main
- Departments and Centres
- Department of Biological Sciences
- Department of Chemistry
- Department of Computer Science
- Centre for Biotechnology
- Centre for Neuroscience
- Department of Earth Sciences
- Department of Mathematics & Statistics
- Department of Physics
- Science Stores
- Academic Programs
- Faculty
- Services
Research
Department of Chemistry
Research
High-nuclearity transition metal and lanthanide clusters
One of our research interests is focused on the synthesis, structural (through single-crystal X-ray crystallography), and spectroscopic and physicochemical characterization of new polynuclear 3d- and 4f-metal complexes (both cage-like and single-strand wheels) bearing various inorganic and/or organic bridging ligands. This is a modern subfield of Synthetic Inorganic Chemistry and Coordination Chemistry, currently called “Molecular Nanoscience”, and provides a ‘bottom-up’ approach to the nanoscale.
High-spin molecules, single-molecule magnets and single-chain magnets
One of the most attractive challenges in the field of Molecular Magnetism, and simultaneously one of the current research interests in Stamatatos’, but non-SMM, molecules are beneficial for low temperature magnetic cooling, providing a potential for replacement of the current low temperature refrigerant, helium-3, which is both expensive and very rare.
Towards multifunctional molecular materials displaying magnetic and optical properties
The current interest of many research groups worldwide is focused on the synthesis of multifunctional (or “hybrid”) molecular materials, which are species exhibiting more than one physical properties within the same molecule or family of isomorphous compounds. Towards this aim, polynuclear lanthanide complexes (4f-metal clusters) appear as promising candidates, given their contributions to various research areas, such as molecular magnetism, optics, catalysis and medicine. This is an issue of vital importance in the field of molecular electronics.
Bioinorganic Chemistry: Towards models of the oxygen-evolving complex (OEC) of photosystem II.
Theocharis Stamatatos
News & Events
ChemDraw ! The Chemistry Department has purchased a site license available to the entire Brock communitySpace Warriors Defend Information Assets
Initiative puts information security and reliability first..
With more than 3 million computers and 10,000 networks to defend against both external and internal compromise, the Defense Department must delegate authority over these systems across its component agencies. One such organization, the U.S. Space Command (USSPACECOM), Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado, is spearheading the department’s computer network defense (CND) initiative. USSPACECOM is concentrating on personnel training and readiness to address localized and departmentwide threats.
In October 1999, USSPACECOM took charge of the Defense Department’s CND program. Within a year, the program evolved into two branches: one addressing CND and the other computer network attack (CNA). According to Lt. Col. John Pericas, USAF, chief officer for computer network defense operations, USSPACECOM, the idea is to simultaneously protect and facilitate defense information systems network activities so that both defensive and offensive measures can be maximized to support mission success. “With this two-pronged approach, we not only defend our data from threats that would steal it, but project our own capabilities to disrupt enemy operations,” Col. Pericas adds.
Providing soldiers with the necessary information to carry out their missions is a key thrust of the CNA initiative. “The CNA side is of great importance to the continued existence of our systems operability through the maintenance of a constant lookout for ways to disturb our opponents systems,” the colonel says.
To counter possible threats, the command is attempting to restructure Defense Department information operation condition (INFOCON) system planning. “The main objective is to provide the capability for raising the level of defensive posture within the defense information systems infrastructure to meet security threats before they can penetrate our networks,” Col. Pericas explains. Under the direction of the commander in chief of USSPACECOM, the INFOCON initiative will revamp a proactive hierarchical system designed to ensure that commands maintain access to the information needed for mission execution.
Another initiative within the CND program is the efficient use of a system of information assurance vulnerability alerts (IAVAs). These alerts are the principal method of Defense Department-wide notification in response to suspected system weaknesses. IAVAs are recommended to the department by computer emergency response teams (CERTs) after system operators and administrators report a potential vulnerability. “In either localized or networkwide situations, an IAVA allows for the seamless communication of [information about] potential trouble before a full-scale attack can occur,” the colonel remarks. “During wartime operations, getting the word to a tactical command center so that personnel can inform units of a system vulnerability is essential to establishing connective security between allied forces.”
On the strategic operations level, improving information dissemination methods throughout the chain of command is a prerequisite to integrating Internet-based systems into a communications architecture such as the Global Information Grid. The development of a concept plan for synchronizing efforts across all command levels is a current endeavor, Col. Pericas indicates. As the centerpiece for standardizing defensive actions and response measures throughout all Defense Department commands, the proposed plan allows for enhanced coordination during joint task force operations.
Establishing interconnectivity between coalition forces is also a key effort at USSPACECOM. “The goal is to nail down the communications architecture between allied forces in the planning phase, before it can be jeopardized during a conflict,” the colonel explains. “The last thing you want is to have a different idea of communications security than an ally [does] during a critical mission situation.”
Internet-based virtual training sessions are helping to connect U.S. forces with European and Asian allies using near-real-time battlefield scenarios. These exercises depict actual network breaches so that attack responses can be evaluated, he says.
Network monitoring of both structured and unstructured security threats is another of the command’s priorities. “Being able to differentiate between the large organization or state-oriented attack and the individual hacker or viral attack is important to responding appropriately to a given situation,” Col. Pericas explains. “In each case, however, the primary course of action is the rapid localization of the attack through proper procedural training.”
The Joint Task Force (JTF)-CND sector of USSPACECOM is the center for network security within the Defense Department. Charged with maintaining the overall situational awareness of the department’s network infrastructure, the JTF-CND receives and processes CERT reports from each military service on the state of network operations. The information collected is then validated using standard classification procedures to determine each report’s threat level. Based on this evaluation, an IAVA may be issued and a determination made to change the department’s INFOCON level.
The JTF-CND is continually exploring network defense techniques such as patterned and patternless threat detection. Patterned detection integrates recorded network histories with current system activities, allowing operators to monitor trends. With a blueprint of how the network is expected to behave, operators can program systems to detect any functional deviations.
Patternless threat detection involves collecting and analyzing raw data to develop a virtual map of a network for comparison with similar systems. The goal is to map a network’s performance under varying conditions so that it can be more intelligently monitored for changes in communication content and quantity. The JTF-CND will be experimenting with the Raytheon Company’s SilentRunner software, one of two gold nuggets chosen at the Joint Warrior Interoperability Demonstration 2000 (SIGNAL, February, page 57). Aside from assisting firewall and intrusion detection systems, the SilentRunner program could help the Defense Department locate attacks originating from inside its networks.
According to Col. John Boynton, USAF, director of operations, JTF-CND, the intent of these capabilities is to stop attacks, and this needs to be accomplished before any information is compromised. “Detecting intrusions after they’ve occurred is no longer good enough. Our number one directive is to serve the needs of the warfighter. Getting vital data between the command center and the battlefield can only be ensured if the enemy’s attack capabilities are taken away. On offensive measures,” Col. Boynton continues, “the command is pursuing the development of technology that will enhance its ability to project cyberwarfare to potential attackers before they can strike.”
Proposals are being explored for incorporating smaller command and control programs to create a standard model for conducting offensive and defensive network operations throughout the Defense Department. The U.S. Joint Forces Command may pursue the development of a fully integrated command nervous system for the coordination of offensive and defensive networking capabilities in cases of cyberspace conflict. “The future success of network operations will lie not only in the ability to protect your own data movements, but to disrupt those of potential adversaries,” Col. Boynton adds.
Training computer operators remains a key Defense Department objective. “From high-ranking command staff to localized system administrators, the best way to protect proprietary information is by instilling a strong sense of responsibility in the people who mind it,” the colonel notes. “Network defense begins and ends at the personnel level.” To foster this, the department is using mandatory computer refresher courses to standardize operative methodology.Kenshin <sugoi.sama at gmail.com> writes: > ... what are the chances of getting a camera? ^_^ I think one thing we should all bear in mind is that this is the first device, not the last. I imagine things will get better and better with successive models, if the product is compelling enough that it actually sells well. We should worry about the initial software load being sufficiently interesting that there are follow-ons, rather than getting FIC to load so much stuff in that the first product never ships. Perry -- Perry E. Metzger perry at piermont.comMax Internet Optimizer 1.2
Sponsored Links
You might be interested in:
Publisher: Max Secure Software
Download location for Max Internet Optimizer 1.2
Max Internet Optimizer 1.2....read more
NOTE: You are now downloading Max Internet Optimizer 1.2. This trial download is provided to you free of charge. Please purchase it to get the full version of this software.
Select a download mirror, or Buy full version
Max Internet Optimizer 1.2 Screenshot
Max Internet Optimizer 1.2 Keywords
Bookmark Max Internet Optimizer 1.2
Max Internet Optimizer 1.2 Copyright
WareSeeker.com do not provide cracks, serial numbers etc for Max Internet Optimizer 1.2. Any sharing links from rapidshare.com, yousendit.com or megaupload.com are also prohibited.
Featured Software
Want to place your software product here?
Please contact us for consideration.
Contact WareSeeker.com
Related Software
ID Internet Optimizer is a significant program designed to optimize your Internet connection Free Download
M Internet Optimizer is a free and useful internet connection optimizer utility that comes with many features Free Download
Internet Optimizer - optimize your internet navigation, boosting the speed of your internet browsing Free Download
Max RAM Optimizer increases your pc?s available physical memory and boosts your pc performance. its a smart memory management program that will keep your computer (PC) running better, faster and longer. Free Download
ID System Optimizer is designed to help you optimize your system Free Download
Listen to internet radio, and watch TV for FREE! Record your favorite broadcasts. Powerfull scheduling is available. Free Download
Advanced HTML Optimizer is intended for HTML docs optimization Free Download
Vista Optimizer is an utilities suite works on Windows Vista, With its comprehensive suite of utilities and attractive interface, Vista System Optimizer makes it easy to regularly clean and optimize your system for better performance. Free Download
Latest Software
Popular Software
Favourite Software"We skills."
He cautions that, while salaries and the chance to work on high-profile deals provide an obvious attraction for more junior candidates, there are risks attached. Often, the hours are long, entailing round-the-clock work and possible burnout. After the initial learning period, the same core assignments tend to repeat. Also, if someone becomes known as an IPO specialist, their career options can narrow.
"Of course, there is great exposure to high-net-worth deals," Mui says. "But after two to five years in this niche, people are on the back foot compared to candidates who have broader corporate and commercial experience, with exposure to other areas of the law."
Generous starting salaries, which for a newly qualified lawyer with a non-United States firm, range from HK$640,000 to HK$840,000 a year and guarantee there will be no shortage of applicants for IPO roles. Entry-level offers from US firms operating in Hong Kong sometimes reach HK$900,000 a year, or higher.
In Mui's view, younger staff should look beyond the initial financial temptations and think longer term. Since all markets are cyclical, it makes no sense to be pigeon-holed or to limit one's chances of in-house moves. It is better to see flotation work as a stepping stone.
"We are certainly in a period in the cycle where there is an extremely high demand for IPO lawyers," says Chris Kelly, a partner with Linklaters and head of the firm's private equity group in Asia. "But the reality is that the more senior you get, the harder it is for an IPO lawyer to make the jump into something like M&A [mergers and acquisitions], so you need to get the balance right early in a lawyer's career."
The reason, he notes, is that IPO work is essentially process-driven for junior lawyers. Bringing a company into the market may take from a few months to a year, or longer, but in terms of legal oversight and drafting, the basics of IPO deals don't equip junior lawyers for M&A work. The only significant negotiation in an IPO is over the terms of the underwriting agreements, that are handled by senior lawyers and represent a very small proportion of the overall time spent. In contrast, a key skill of an M&A lawyer is the ability to negotiate agreements in a face-to-face meeting.
Kelly says that IPOs are an important part of any international law firm's business in Hong Kong and the key is to get the balance right. "We move associates between IPO and M&A work, so that our people are trained and equally confident in both."
In demand
- Law firms are seeing a peak in IPO-related work this year
- Roles are available for junior paralegals up to senior lawyers
- Attractive remuneration, but candidates should note the risks of specialisationCall with Questions: 1-312-939-4975
January 14, 2013
•General, Interior Design
• 1 Comments
Jenny Mallette, a student in the Master of Arts in Interior Design program at Harrington College of Design, recently completed a thesis project entitled "Music as Design." See a selection of images below and view the full project here.
Lobby
Brass Music Room
Flute Music Room
Outdoor Performance Space
All designs @Jenny Mallette
Hello Jenny,
I really liked your designs. I'm looking to start the masters program in interior design. I was wondering if I could ask you a few questions?
Thanks, AmySet List
Set One
Set Two
Encore
Show Notes
First Big Black Furrry Creatures From Mars since 7/15/03 West Valley City, UT
Fall Tour FLAC-HD will be 24 bit / 48KHz audio. FLAC-HD is only for audiophiles who can support 24 bit audio playback. FLAC-HD may not be burned to CD without compromising audio quality. · vol. 2 · no. 4 · July 2002
Gloria Sesso is district director of social studies for the Patchogue Medford School District and was the teacher and coach of the "We the People" class and team at Half Hollow Hills East for thirteen years. Patchogue Medford is currently instituting the "We the People" program in its high school.
"The Washington experience is one that my students never forget."
We the People
Gloria Sesso
It was a frigid cold afternoon in February 1988 when I first took students to participate in the district level competition at Syosset High School, Long Island, New York, of the "We the People" program on the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. "Be confident in yourselves," I told my high schoolers during the long bus ride, as they anticipated stepping on stage to join a simulated congressional hearing. "You can speak eloquently about how the founding of our nation has been an adventure in ideas." One student, in his youthful enthusiasm, laughed, "This is America, baby. We want to win."
His remark was a reflection of the healthy competitiveness that the program's course of study promotes. Yet the competitive spirit is grounded in cooperation, for the students have to work together in teams to develop their ideas in depth on a specific topic. "We the People" (formerly known as the Bicentennial Competition on the Constitution) was founded in 1987, chaired by former Chief Justice Warren Burger, and is conducted by the Center for Civic Education. Its premise is that what defines us as a nation is the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights; we are held together by our shared beliefs in the values of liberty, equality, and justice.
Students begin a six-month program by studying the text We the People: The Citizen and the Constitution, whose topics include:
The classroom lessons are supplemented by in-depth study of each of the units. Students are divided into six groups of three or four each (depending on the size of the class). Each of the groups prepares a four-minute opening speech on each of three questions. The opening speeches are presented at a district/regional competition in January; the opening remarks are followed by a six-minute questioning period on the specific topic and the overall knowledge of the course. The students must work cooperatively on developing the opening speeches and answering the follow-up questions. Each unit is judged on the following criteria:
The class that wins the most points will be eligible to compete at the state level. It sounds complicated but it works extremely well. Let's follow Unit One from the classroom lesson to the simulated hearing at both the district and state levels. The three questions for preparation in Unit One are:
Classical republicanism is a difficult topic for students to understand and so the classroom lesson focused on the story of Cincinnatus and civic virtue. John Barralet's engraving, General Washington's Resignation, was distributed to students and analyzed in connection with the Cincinnatus story.
Fig. 1. General Washington's Resignation, by Alexander Lawson under the supervision of John Barralet. Frontispiece: Philadelphia Magazine and Review, vol. 1 (January 1799). Courtesy of American Antiquarian Society.
In class discussion, I asked my students what "the plow awaits the plowman," meant. Where is George Washington's hand pointing and why? What is Lady Liberty offering him? How does he respond? How do his actions illustrate the story of Cincinnatus? How are his actions a major tenet of classical republicanism? How does classical republicanism shape contemporary political culture? Many students feel that it is an outdated idea. "It's positively frightening," one student remarked, "because one has to sacrifice his rights for the common good. Who can determine the common good? How do we know what it is?" "Perhaps," said another student, "George Washington was fulfilling his own power struggle and not really sacrificing power for the common good." Another student disagreed, pointing out that Washington gave up the presidency after two terms. "Who gives up power? He must have been acting on the principles of classical republicanism."
A slightly different debate went on at the congressional hearing where this question was called. The students were asked why classical republicanism held that military service was important and whether they thought military service should be mandatory. Students understood the concept of citizen-soldier because of the classroom discussions and their in-depth study of the situation. However, the unit members disagreed among themselves as to whether military service should be mandatory.
One student asserted, "Classical republicanism is not relevant today. Citizen-soldiers preparing to defend their country is an outdated idea. We are at the hands of the politicians who get us into war without our consent and this would encourage them. We have a professional army and that is all that is needed. Besides, technology reduces the need for a required draft as most fighting will not be person-to-person combat." Another replied, "I think our country is stronger if each person is prepared to defend it and gives up time in their life to answer the call of good citizenship. We have been too focused on our individual rights and we are becoming selfish."
After winning the regional competition, the students confronted still different questions at the state level:
In discussion, students were asked a question following up on the first above: Did southerners misuse the Declaration of Independence when they seceded from the Union?
The first student to speak spoke forcefully: "They used it correctly. They felt that their liberty was taken away when a president was elected without their consent. Abraham Lincoln did not get one vote from the South." A second respondent agreed, "We may not like it, but they used it correctly. They established conventions and asked the people to vote for secession. They felt that their property was going to be taken away. After all, the Republican Party platform was illegal in that it went against a Supreme Court decision." Finally, a third student countered, "They used it incorrectly. It just goes to show you how a leader can manipulate the mob. Madison wanted a Constitution just to avoid mob manipulation at the local level. These people were not defending equality or liberty but slavery."
I'm proud to report that my class won the New York State championship that year, in 1988. (Indeed, I'm delighted to report that my classes have won the state championship in nine of the thirteen years that I've participated in the competition.) The national competition, at which there is a team from every state, follows much the same format. At this competition, held in Washington, D.C., two questions are called in the first two days. The totals of the two-day competition will determine the ten classes nationwide that will compete on the third day for the top three spots nationwide. The judges at the national competition, held in the Senate hearing rooms, are usually very prominent officials--constitutional scholars, law professors, justices, and government officials.
Take a look at how the Unit One questions and answers changed during the national competition:
The Washington experience is one that my students never forget. They remember the discussions, the opening speeches, the dialogues and the camaraderie as the best experience in high school. They make friends with students from all over the country and they keep in touch. They even meet some of them at their respective colleges. There were other discussions to remember besides the ones surrounding natural rights and classical republicanism. Students debated the constitutionality of Bush v. Gore, the power of the Supreme Court, and whether the Bill of Rights is as Madison said, "merely a parchment barrier." On that frigid February day in 1988, my elated students won the regional competition. They went on to win the New York State championship and came in third in the United States. However, they achieved more than that. They forged a cooperative spirit in working together to plan ideas, they practiced public speaking, and they became critical thinkers, highly knowledgeable about the foundation of the "idea" that is American democracy. They practiced civic responsibility and they learned the values of good citizenship. They are still friends today and the student who once said, "This is America, baby. We want to win," will be clerking for Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg next year.
Discuss this article in the Common-place Coffeeshop
Ecovillage Design Education - Design for Sustainability 3 October - 6 November 2015. More Information or Download Flyer
Learning English in Community is taking applications for 2015
The Semester Programme is being refreshed with Antioch University and applications in February 2016 are welcome. Here is a link to our Semester page.
June 2015 " Harnessing Community Energies" an ORIGIN research Dissemination event. FicWad: Recent Stories by AnastaciaAnemone 2015-05-22T09:59:41+00:00 AnastaciaAnemone <![CDATA[Victory of the Fallen (Dynasty Warriors)]]> 2006-08-11T05:57:11+00:00 2006-08-09T22:51:57+00:00 <![CDATA[Zhou Yu has just died, and Xiao is depressed. Lu Xun is here for her, but is xiao willing to love again? LX/XQ/ZY]]> AnastaciaAnemone <![CDATA[Orange Blossom (Dynasty Warriors)]]> 2006-02-12T15:41:34+00:00 2006-02-12T07:41:34+00:00 <![CDATA[Zhou Yu muses about his lover. ZY/XQ Oneshot.]]> AnastaciaAnemone <![CDATA[My Silver Empress (Dynasty Warriors)]]> 2006-02-01T20:41:26+00:00 2006-02-01T12:41:26+00:00 <![CDATA[Cao Zhi has a lover who's married.. But when tragedy strikes, will their love be kept a secret any longer? ]]>Back again with this week’s cinematic treats, or is that tricks? Time will tell, but perhaps the critics will first. Enough rambling, let’s see what we have to work with.
In Her Shoes. A tale of two sisters, neither of whom can get along with the other attempt to find common ground, beyond their same shoe sizes. It was directed by Curtis Hanson, who also helmed 8 Mile and LA Confidential. I have heard that this was very good, but it doesn’t call out to me as a must see, despite the talent within. It stars Cameron Diaz, Toni Collette, and Shirley Maclaine.
Two for the Money. This looks to be rather shallow on the story end, although I may be surprised, but could find buoyancy in it’s stars Al Pacino and Matthew McConaughey. It is the story of a sports handicapper who is taken under the wing of a top bookie, something happens and he has to get away. Pacino looks to be having fun chewing the scenery, so that could be a plus. It was directed by DJ Caruso, who also directed the excellent Salton Sea.
Waiting. This is the one I have been looking for. It looks to be low brow comedy that may owe more than a passing semblance to the likes of Clerks and Office Space, only this time it is set in a Shenanigans restaurant. It stars Ryan Reynolds, Anna Farris, Luis Guzman, and Dane Cook as the employees of this fine eating establishment. It appears to have been made at least a year or two ago, Reynolds looks young and noticeably smaller than he does now. I am looking forward to catching this.
Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit. The claymation legends are coming to the big screen. I am not terribly familiar with them, but this movie looks like it could be a lot of fun for the whole family. It’s also nice to see more animation than CG hit the screen, it has been a good few weeks for the lesser common theatrical animation forms, with this and Corpse Bride. Looking forward to it!
Separate Lies. This could be interesting. A tale of lies and deceit, death and infidelity in a British manor. It stars Tom Wilkinson, Emily Watson, and Rupert Everett.
Weapons of Mass Deception. Here for one show only, and featuring a Q&A session with the director, comes this documentary which takes a look the complacency of TV news coverage of Iraq.
Also opening this week, but not near me:
- The Gospel
- Before the Fall
- The Confederate States of America
- Dandelion
- Good Night and Good Luck
- The Overture
- The Squid and the Whale
That’s it for this week, hopefully some good will come of it.Powered by SidelinesLONDON — Royal wedding plans announced today show an admirable spirit of compromise: The main cake will be a fruity, floral masterwork designed with input from Kate Middleton, but Prince William will get his childhood favorite chocolate biscuit cake too.
Palace officials said the royal couple have chosen a multi tiered traditional fruit cake decorated with cream and white icing that will be created by designer Fiona Cairns, a cakemaker to the stars, such as former Beatle Paul McCartney.
The design remains a secret, but the cake will have a strong British floral theme. Middleton asked Cairns to represent 16 different blooms and types of foliage on the cake, each with a different symbolic meaning. A flower known as Sweet William is on the list, Cairns said.Clear Channel tender offer expires
Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Inc. has announced the expiration of its tender offer for 9.25 percent Series A Senior Notes due in 2017 and its 9.25 percent Series B Senior Notes also due in 2017. The offer expired just before midnight on Dec. 3.
The company previously announced the purchase of $280.4 million of existing Series A Notes and $1.4 billion of existing Series B Notes tendered on Nov. 16.
Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC are acting as the dealer managers. D.F. King & Co. Inc. is the tender agent and information agent for the tender office.
San Antonio-based Clear Channel delivers content via radio, digital, mobile and outdoor platforms.
Source: Clear Channel Outdoor>>.
've been advocating for a bus that allows bikes on it here in my hometown for a couple years now. Kamloops, BC, CAN has an interesting topography. Things might have been different here for pedestrians and cyclists alike, had the city decided not to continue to push development further and further up the surrounding hillsides. Of course as things work out these homes and businesses up the hill end up being huge, obtrusive and entirely impractical; with sprawling suburbs on the other side of the town from any grocer, mall, or place of relaxation, and there are very few cyclists up there. Too many hills. My solution; a bus with seats stripped out that is specifically for cyclists and their bikes. Kamloops is small enough (and our public transport system sucks, by the way, with buses at half hour to hour intervals for some major routes and almost no Sunday service)that to have one bus running at peak hours up the hill, would create an easy way for cyclists to get up town without having to be hardcore and grind up the hill and I predict greatly increase the number of people riding their bikes in that part of town. Craziest part is that the University is in this part of town, but the only students that cycle there are the ones in the adventure tourism program. Sorry for the spiel, but its a sensitive issue for me. I'd love to see more bike friendly buses.
I think it speaks volume about North America that this was my first thought when I imagined transplanting the idea here.
Then again, we've always been a bunch of repressed puritans, so this is a bit broader than just a bus issue.In this section
Environmental and Ecological Risk Assessment
Background
Agents which could be present in the environment include crop protection products as a result of their government-approved, intended use. Manufacturers are required to register these products with EPA by providing scientific studies demonstrating that the use of the product would not cause “unreasonable adverse effects on human health or the environment."
“The principles of risk assessment applied to pesticides are fundamentally the same as those applied to bridge and highway design, pharmaceuticals, and innumerable consumer products. The process is directed toward establishing an objective basis on which to assess risk potential relative to the likelihood of injury.”
CropLife America's Position
- A level of acceptable risk is necessary in order to offset competing risks and attain societal benefits ~ a “zero” risk level is impossible to achieve.
- Accepting some minimal level of risk to ecological organisms may be necessary. For instance, when spraying insecticides to reduce mosquito populations and reduce the risk to human health of contracting diseases these insects carry, such as malaria or West Nile Virus.Drugs
AASLD-FDA-NIH-PhRMA Hepatotoxicity Steering Group Meeting, 2006 Presentations: Immunological tests for improving causality assessment
Herbert L. Bonkovsky, MD
University of Connecticut
Immunological tests for improving causality assessment [PDF]
Abstract
Some patients given drugs develop hypersensitivy-type reactions, characterized by symptoms and manifestations involving multiple organs. Rarely, patients given a variety of drugs (especially anticonvulsants like phenytoin, carbamazepine, or lamotrigine; non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs; or antibiotics like sulfonamides) develop fever, chills, skin rash, eosinophilia, arthralgias/arthritis, nephritis, myositis, and hepatitis. There is often a family and/or personal history of asthma, atopy, and known allergies. Based on these clinical features, it is assumed that the parent drug or a drug metabolite is the inciting antigen that causes a systemic immuno-allergic reaction. Rarely, such reactions may go on to self-sustaining hepatitis or other organ damage with hallmarks of autoimmune disease. Although detailed pharmacokinetic, pharmacogenetic, and immunologic studies of such patients are few, limited studies have identified lymphocytes in peripheral blood of such subjects that are activated by drugs and/or drug metabolites. Adequate numbers of negative controls (subjects who received the drugs for similar indications and durations without developing immuno-allergic reactions) are usually lacking, and currently there is no way to obtain such testing in clinical practice. Whether the ready availability of such testing would improve causality assessment and aid in fundamental understanding of pathogenesis of DILI remains unclear. There is a need for new and more efficient, rapid, and inexpensive methods to investigate these processes in larger numbers of well-defined, well-characterized subjects and suitable controls.
Biographical Sketch
Herbert L. Bonkovsky, M.D., Professor of Medicine and Molecular, Microbial, and Structural Biology, and Director of The Liver-Biliary-Pancreatic Center, at The University of CT Health Center, is known nationally and internationally as a clinical hepatologist, teacher, mentor, and clinical investigator. Dr. Bonkovsky is a graduate of Earlham College and Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. His Post-graduate training was at Duke University, Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine, The U.S. National Institutes of Health, Dartmouth Medical School, and Yale University. Dr. Bonkovsky has served as Director of the Division of Digestive Disease and Nutrition at the University of Massachusetts Medical School and as Director of the Office of Clinical Research and the General Clinical Research Center at the University of Connecticut Health Center. His currently funded research is in porphyria and heme metabolism, chronic viral hepatitis, and the drug-induced liver injury. For the past twelve consecutive years, Dr. Bonkovsky has been selected by his peers as one of America’s Top Doctors.Gretchen Jones Nyfw
Brooklyn based designer Gretchen Jones’ showed her Spring 2012 collection Horses, which she rightfully described as “simultaneously minimal and bohemian, romantic and modern, feminine and architectural”. Bright patterned flowing lengths contrasted with the neutral, minimalistic button downs that were in line up along the county jail inspired presentation.Article Date: 3/1/2006
PATIENT PROFITABILITY
Which
Patients are More Profitable?
This
study set out to determine the lifetime profitability of contact lens patients and
spectacle patients.
By Mark Ritson, PhD
Figure 1. Spectacle patients bring in a high
profit per visit, but their visits are infrequent.
In
2001 while at the London Business School, I was approached by representatives from
Johnson & Johnson Vision Care and Bausch & Lomb. They explained that
they represented Euromcontact, a larger industry group comprised of the European
arms of Allergan, B&L, CIBA Vision, Essilor and J&J, with the purpose of
cooperating on general industry issues. They wanted a marketing professor to investigate
a major question, perhaps their biggest business question: Are spectacles really
more profitable for eyecare practitioners than are contact lenses?
According to the member companies of Euromcontact,
many eyecare practitioners who sell contact lenses believe that they're more profitable
than are spectacles. But, they said it was equally clear that many other practitioners
are reluctant to offer or promote contact lenses because they feel that spectacles
are far more profitable. I set out to learn which group of practitioners was right.
Designing the Study
One of the first decisions I made at the outset
was to not do any of the work or take any fee for this project myself. Instead,
I recruited 15 MBA students to answer Euromcontact's question while I assumed
a supervisory role. The students completed the project as part of their second-year
MBA studies. The London Business School ranks as the fifth best MBA program in the
world, and with an international class of students who already have extensive work
experience, the talent pool is outstanding.
To ensure that the research would be completely
objective and legitimate, I stipulated to Euromcontact that the team had to
operate completely independently during the project. I also made clear that if we
were to discover that spectacles are actually more profitable than are contact lenses,
then that's what we would report.
Table
1. Method Stages
The research method we designed lasted
for almost six months, included two major data collection stages and spanned five
different countries and more than 200 eyecare practitioners. To answer the research
question, we needed to build a model for both spectacle sales and contact lens sales
and then compare the two. To accomplish this we needed to collect three very different
types of data. First, we needed to understand all of the revenues that the typical
spectacle patient and contact lens patient brought into an eyecare practice. This
figure would have to include the fees received for goods, services and any additional
products.
The next step was to calculate the
costs associated with serving both patient types in order to calculate what proportion
of those revenues was actually generating a profit. That meant not only understanding
the mark-up on goods sold, but also understanding the complex set of costs associated
with various staff members spending time with each patient.
Finally,
we also had to consider lifetime value. Rather than simply take a snapshot of the
customer by examining a single transaction, we needed to evaluate the more protracted
purchase cycles to get a true sense of value. Lifetime value is usually a calculation
of three things: How much is spent, how often and for how long. Our research needed
to compare not only the revenues and costs of spectacle patients vs. contact lens
patients, it also needed to examine how often these customers returned to their
eyecare practitioners and under what circumstances.
FIgure 2. Contact
lens patients are initially less profitable, but more frequent visits for goods
and services result in higher lifetime profitability.
Researching the Industry
The first stage of our research was qualitative.
Good market research usually begins with an inductive stage in which the research
team goes out on site to learn about the issue first hand. In this case we divided
the MBAs into five different country teams based on the various languages that each
was fluent in. We assigned teams of three to Italy, Spain, France, Germany and Britain.
Each team went to 20 different eyecare practices and spent a day at each practice
talking to the staff, observing the various activities that occur and conducting
a time and motion study.
The groups took great care in selecting a
range of contrasting eyecare practices. In each country we tried to draw our observations
from a spectrum of urban and rural locations, from chains, multiples and single
outlets and from large as well as small outlets. This stage proved vital for many
reasons. The time and motion studies gave us a good overview of the different stages
inherent in treating a patient and helped formulate the kinds of questions we would
ask in the survey stage of the research.
We repeatedly observed the contrasting
perspectives of different practitioners regarding contact lens profitability. Some
were avid believers and claimed that it had made their businesses more successful,
while others were reluctant to focus on lenses because they felt that simply too
much time and cost were tied up in them and the payoff was demonstrably less impressive
than for spectacles. As one German practitioner put it: "In the time it takes me
to fit one pair of contact lenses, I can sell two pairs of spectacles at four times
the price."
Figure
3. Contact lens patients who also purchase spectacles are much more profitable for
your practice than are spectacle-only patients.
The biggest insight that came from
this stage of our research was totally unexpected. From our original meetings with
Euromcontact and throughout the project thus far, we'd made the huge assumption
that there were two kinds of patients those who buy contact lenses and those
who buy spectacles. This is entirely consistent with the perspective of Euromcontact's
constituent manufacturers, who often think in a product-centered way. But as our
teams spent more time in the field, they realized that this actually was entirely
the wrong perspective. When seen from the point of the view of a patient, contact
lenses and spectacles are not mutually exclusive. It's true that many spectacle-wearing
patients have no interest in contact lenses. But many contact lens patients also
buy spectacles. They might not buy them as often, but when they do buy a pair a
proportion of these sales may also go to the practitioner who is providing them
with contact lenses. This proved to be an important insight for the model.
Gathering Survey Data
By March 2001 we were ready for the second stage
of the research and the one that would provide the data that would drive our model.
We spent that month devising and testing a questionnaire (Table 2) that was then
conducted across our five European countries using a professional marketing research
firm. In each country, the research firm called approximately 250 eyecare practitioners
and asked them to take part in a 15-minute interview about their business. The practitioners
were told that the London Business School was running the study, which was sponsored
by several companies who would remain anonymous until the end of the interview,
at which time they would be revealed to the practitioners. Sixty percent of those
called agreed to take part, resulting in a pan-European sample of 750 different
eyecare practitioners.
Once the data was collected we arrived at
the interesting part. Using the 43 data points, we were able to build a model of
typical eyecare patients in Europe. The one question we didn't ask during the phone
interviews related to the amount of mark-up each practitioner applied to his products.
We knew this was a sensitive topic and, potentially, one that we couldn't legally
ask. Instead we assumed a 300-percent mark-up for spectacles (a generous one) and
only a 50-percent mark-up for contact lenses (a worst case). We applied this mark-up
calculation to the list prices the practitioners gave us to arrive at a measure
of unit profitability. This is in turn allowed us to build a complex economic picture
of each eyecare practitioner and his revenues, costs and profits. We were then able
to compare spectacles customers with contact lens customers (who also occasionally
purchased spectacles, too).
TABLE 2
Survey
Questions
N/A
1-3
4-7
8
9-11
12-19
20-27
28-40
41
42 & 43
N/A
Introductory text
Size of business
Contact lens business as proportion of total business
Attitude of respondent toward contact lenses
Frequency of patient transactions
Detailed revenue
estimates for core products for a single patient type
over a set period of observation
Detailed revenue
estimates for repeat/associated purchases for a
single patient type over a set period of observation
Detailed time and
motion questions. Who is responsible for primary tasks
in the practice and how long do standard operations last?
Proportion of practice
space devoted to primary product lines
Absolute revenue
levels: total practice and contact lens specific
Thank you and close
Survey Results
The results immediately made sense. If you were
to compare only the first transaction with a spectacle wearer vs. with a lens wearer,
it would seem that the latter is much less attractive. The lower unit prices paid,
the lower margins, the extra time spent with each patient all combined into a generally
negative perception of contact lens patients.
But we realized that much of the optical industry
is ironically very myopic seeing only the transactions that occur immediately
rather than taking a more long-term perspective. With the lifetime data from the
survey, we were able to look beyond the initial transaction and the picture gradually
began to change. Over time the spectacles-only patients remained dormant, adding
no new business for their practitioners until their next potential repurchase (Figure
1). Meanwhile, the continuing return of the contact lens patient who now needed
less service attention but a constant supply of lenses began to have an impact (Figure
2). Add to that the occasional purchase of spectacles or sunglasses that the lens
patient made while renewing his lens order (Figure 3) and the picture became even
clearer. Across each of the five European markets we studied, contact lens patients
were demonstrably more profitable than the spectacle-only patients.
On average we found that contact lens
patients were 60 percent more profitable than spectacle patients across Europe.
To put that in perspective, this meant in 2001 an additional 70 Euros ($85) for
every patient. Of course this result depends on a number of factors, and tremendous
variance existed across the markets we studied. The single most important factor,
however, was the managerial approach of the eyecare practitioner. Simply offering
contact lenses is probably not going to achieve the kind of profits we uncovered
in our research. Instead practitioners need to fundamentally revisit how they approach
their business and their patients.
Look at the Big Picture
It took six months, 15 MBA students, five countries,
43 questions, 220 participating eyecare professionals and a 300-page report
but finally we saw the European eyecare market clearly. Obviously, patient care
issues must always remain paramount. But practitioners must begin to see the world
from a patient's perspective. That means accepting that there's no binary divide
between contact lenses and spectacles. If you consider them as products, they're
entirely different but if you look at them as solutions to a patient's needs,
then it's clear that a practitioner can successfully promote both to patients.
Another key factor is lifetime value.
If eyecare practitioners focus on the long-term relationships that they can form
with their patients, then four things are likely to happen. First, practitioners
will begin to see that the profit contribution of contact lenses is initially poorer,
but eventually greater than that of spectacles alone. Second, they will begin to
move their business model from one that focuses on a single transaction to one that
builds long-term, recurring relationships with patients. Third, practitioners will
also begin to realize the additional selling advantages of longer-term relationships
with contact lens patients as, on their repeat visits, they purchase spectacles
and sunglasses in addition to more contact lenses. The final advantage occurs as
long-term, satisfied contact lens patients recommend their practitioner to other
potential patients.
Dr. Ritson is now an associate
professor of marketing at the Melbourne Business School in Australia. An
acclaimed expert on marketing and branding, he is a prize winning academic,
teacher and writer.
His fifteen students
from the London Business School now work in 9 different countries in a variety
of roles that range from strategy consultant, investment banker to corporate
lawyer and fund raiser.
Final
Results
Contact Lens Spectrum, Issue: March 2006King's Road house, Los Angeles, 1953
Physical Details: Photographic print : 1 item : b&w ; 25 x 21 cm.
Creator: Julius Shulman (1910-2009), photographer
Description: transcribed on verso: King's Road house, Los Angeles 1921-2; R.M. Schindler; photograph taken 1953 - walls and woodwork now painted, canvas doors replaced with new glass doors
Forms part of: Esther McCoy papers, 1876-1990, bulk, 1938-1989
Rights Statement: © Julius Schulman
Citation: King's Road house, Los Angeles, 1953
Request a copy of this image
Digital ID: 10364
Subjects:
- Los Angeles, Calif.
View all Image Gallery items from the Esther McCoy papers
Web access is restricted to small image only- Buy
- Sell
- Research
- Finance
- Advice
- Service & Repair
Beep Beep it's Gurley Leep Nissan
By writing a dealer review, you can provide valuable insights to other customers.
by Veronica L. from Elkhart Indiana |
I have bought a lot of cars over the years and have not had such a great experience. My wait was short and they just kept things moving along. They are true professional!
Did you find this review helpful? Yes No
Your feedback has been sent to Cars.com.
Shopped for a new car
Does recommend this dealer
Did make a purchase74-5SC6.3A - 5MM X 20MM Miniature Ceramic Slow-Blow 6.3 Amps Fuse (5-Pack)
Rated Voltage: 250VBreaking capacity: 250VAC, 1500A
Opening Time210%: 30 minutes (max)275%: 750ms (min); 80 seconds (max)400%: 150ms (min); 5 seconds (max); 1000%: 10ms (min); 150ms (max)
Mfr Name: NTE Electronics
Mfr Number: 74-5SC6.3A-C
See all items in NTE Fuses
$2.79
74-5SC5A - 5MM X 20MM Miniature Ceramic Slow-Blow 5 Amps Fuse (5-Pack)
Mfr Number: 74-5SC5A-C
74-5SC1A - 5MM X 20MM Miniature Ceramic Slow-Blow 1 Amp Fuse (5-Pack)
Rated Voltage: 250VBreaking capacity: 250VAC, 1500A
Opening Time210%: 30 minutes (max)275%: 750ms (min); 80 seconds (max)400%: 95ms (min); 5 seconds (max); 1000%: 10ms (min); 150ms (max)
Mfr Number: 74-5SC1A-C
See all items in Infrared Thermometer
$64.99
72-10160 - 60MHz Two Channel USB Oscilloscope
This 60MHz PC Oscilloscope offers the greatest value in test features, data logging, and flexibility. Convenient USB 2.0 interface requires no external power source.
Mfr Name: Tenma
Mfr Number: 72-10160
See all items in PC Based Oscilloscopes
$279.00
Great job, product arrived on time, communication was excellent, price was good. Overall very satisfied.- General Summary
- Contact Information
Improve your online visibility and Control your web content!
Benefit from unlimited Yatedo Premium Search!
Find, Organize and Contact Talents all over the Web.
- Professional ExperienceMarketing strategy, market research, competitive intelligence and analytics for Interactive Entertainment Division.Lead team responsible for all market research, customer and business intelligence for entertainment products across screens (TV, Mobile, PC). Provided customer segmentation, product and marcom research for Kinect.Research includes concept and product development, brand and positioning development, pricing, value prop, and marketing execution. Business Intelligence covers everthing end-to-end, from opportunity identification, through market and competitive position insights, to customer lifecycle analysis, CRM, and customer retention.?Promoted to lead Direct Marketing and Customer Lifecycle Management for AT&T Consumer, now one of the largest direct marketing operations in the US. Accountable for all direct marketing for customer acquisition, cross-sell, upsell and retention, across all direct media for wireless, broadband, TV and landline products. This includes end-to-end ownership of everything needed to make direct work - customer analytics, offers, creative development and execution, call center operations, and database management, tools and application development for marketing.?Manage annual direct marketing budget of $400MM and lead a team of 200 marketing, analytic and technical professionals. Lead cross-functional offer management team.?Integrated 4 separate teams at merger and realized $50MM savings (12%) from marcom budget while improving sales volume 24% over the prior year. Developed media mix model to optimize value returned from media spend.?Lead Customer Lifecycle Management for the merged AT&T and Cingular companies. Accountable for delivering company churn target for all Mobility consumer segments and products, and delivering $200mm of incremental revenue from existing customers. Managed staff of 100 marketing, technical, analytic and operational professionals, and over 2000 call center staff. Responsible for campaign development and management, product/ offer development, customer analysis and modeling, database management, marketing infrastructure development and inbound/ outbound call center operations. Develop all customer base communications to 72 million consumers, with budget of $100MM.?Delivered the company?s best ever churn performance by Q1 2006 and then every quarter to date, to ensure positive net growth relative to competitors.?Recognized by CEO for role in delivering over $300mm in annualized operating income improvement.?Developed processes and customer communications for new Apple iPhone.Directed global marketing for a high-tech start-up, providing personalized on-demand media technologies to broadcasters, service providers and consumer device manufacturers. Promoted to the Executive Leadership Team to contribute to business strategy, management and policy.?Conducted competitive analysis and extensive primary research to develop the marketing and product strategy, identify routes to market and strategic partners. Ultimately, helped position the company to secure a $200 million patent license deal, 4 strategic partnerships, and significant media coverage.?Created new brand identity and messaging to position the company as a leading media technology provider. Controlled the marketing mix to launch the brand. Lead marketing, engineering, and business development teams to launch the world?s first broadcast ?Personal Radio? solution and interactive program guide, showcasing partner content from the likes of NBC, ABC, CNN, NPR, PBS, Disney and the BBC.Created customer strategy for the UK?s leading wireless service provider. Developed retention & revenue generation strategies and 3 year op plan, securing budget of $150MM p.a. Implemented plan to achieve the highest customer lifetime values and lowest churn (19% p.a.) of all UK wireless providers. Contributed to customer growth from under 1mm to over 10mm, moving market share from 3rd to 1st place.?Developed and managed key customer products through their lifecycle with full P&L responsibility (revenues in excess of $165 million). ?Developed customer contact strategy and materials covering all interactions, from welcome calls to retention programs, including all mailing and POS material. Generated incremental revenue in excess of $150 million p.a.?Re-engineered business & consumer call centers. Cut process times up to 50%, reduced inbound calls 12% and won JD Power Customer Satisfaction Award 2 years in succession.?Managed client-company team to develop value-based segmentation for 1-2-1, a UK wireless co. (now T-Mobile). Developed model to understand customer loyalty and used activity based costing to build segments, resulting in new pricing and service plans.?Developed marketing strategy for Portugal?s leading wireless co.? Telecel (Airtouch). Directed comprehensive market research and cross-industry benchmarking for marketing processes to inform positioning, advertising, and new product devpt. Launched to much critical acclaim.?Lead team to create marketing strategy for a UK energy company being deregulated. Designed innovative research program to identify needs-based segments, and used this to develop positioning, pricing and products. Wrote 5yr marketing plan and identified strategic alliances to position company for market share growth. Company is now UK?s largest energy provider, and the work is held up as a case study of marketing excellence by leading UK Business School.Show All Professional Experiences (5)
- Educational Background
Only 1st Class with honors awarded in 1990.Designer of the Year, 1988.
Extra-activity: Royal Chartered Society of DesignersShow All Educational Background (2)
- Related People
- Amanda Thomas
- Perfecting Real Estate - Revolutionizing Experience amanda@amandathomas.com :: 469.298.9706
- Dallas/Fort Worth
- Michael Wolfe
- Owner, Bottom Line Analytics LLC and Management Consulting Sr. Director at BBDO
- Greater Atlanta
- Frank DeJoy
- VP, GM Western Region, Engineering Associates, Inc. at Quanta Services
- Greater Los Angeles
- See Related People list
- Web Search Results
Web pages that may be related to Steve Boulton WallaceSteve Boulton-Wallace | LinkedInView Steve Boulton-Wallace's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Steve Boulton-Wallace ... Boulton-wallace | Microsoft Corporation | Email @ ...Steve Boulton-wallace is the General Manager Global Marketing Strategy Intelligence and Analytics of Microsoft ... Steve.Boulton-wallace@microsoft.com, ... Boulton-Wallace - GM, Global Marketing Strategy ...Steve Boulton-Wallace, Microsoft, AT&T, AT&T Wireless, AT&T (formerly Cingular), Central St Martins College of Art & Design, ... Boulton Wallace - Professional Experience,Email ...Everything you need to know about Steve Boulton Wallace: Professional Experience,Educational Background,Friends,Photo,Email,Phone numbers... People Search Engine. all Web search results (35)
- Video Search Results
Videos that may be related to Steve Boulton Wallace
-
35
1
Related People
See how Steve Boulton-Wallace is connected to his friends and colleagues : Show friends graph Hide friends graph
Web
Web that may be related to Steve Boulton Wallace
Results 1 - 10 of about 35 for Steve Boulton Wallace
35
Steve Boulton-Wallace | LinkedIn
View Steve Boulton-Wallace's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Steve Boulton-Wallace ...
Steve Boulton-wallace | Microsoft Corporation | Email @ ...
Steve Boulton-wallace is the General Manager Global Marketing Strategy Intelligence and Analytics of Microsoft ... Steve.Boulton-wallace@microsoft.com, ...
Steve Boulton-Wallace - GM, Global Marketing Strategy ...
Steve Boulton-Wallace, Microsoft, AT&T, AT&T Wireless, AT&T (formerly Cingular), Central St Martins College of Art & Design, ...
Steve Boulton Wallace - Professional Experience,Email ...
Everything you need to know about Steve Boulton Wallace: Professional Experience,Educational Background,Friends,Photo,Email,Phone numbers... People Search Engine.
Steve Boulton | LinkedIn
View Steve Boulton's (United Kingdom) professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Steve Boulton ...
VP GM Customer Direct Profiles Board - Professional ...
Steve Boulton-Wallace. Steve Boulton-Wallace. GM, Global Marketing Strategy... ... Microsoft, AT&T, AT&T Wireless, AT&T (formerly Cingular)... Greater Seattle. See ...
Public Records & Background Checks | USSearch.com
Steve Boulton-wallace; View More; Relatives. Anita Boulton-wallace; ... Worked at. Microsoft Corporation; United Parcel Service Inc. Get Full Report on Stephen ...
Steve Boulton | LinkedIn
View Steve Boulton's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Steve Boulton discover inside ...
Director, Interactive Marketing CRM; Head Of Global CRM ...
Tout ce que vous avez besoin de savoir sur Director, Interactive Marketing CRM; Head Of Global CRM Trombinoscope - Expérience professionnelle,Email,Téléphone..Tout!:
Brad Smith at Microsoft Corporation Contact Details ...
Brad Smith at Microsoft Corporation Contact Details ... AT&T Inc. Brad. ... HD DVD, Microsoft Corporate, and MBA Candidate at t. Jian. Yan. Program Manager. Joe.
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
Filters
Looking for another Steve Boulton-Wallace ?We're 178 Childfree Members
We're 333 protagonists
We're 195 Fun-Loving Couples!
We're 41 Lovely Ladies
We're 220 women
We're 36 Awesome parents
We're 23 Book Moms
We're 73 Dinks
We're 18 Toddlerz N Tweenz
We're 285 Friends
We're 68 Believers!
We're 41 Parents of Aspergirls
We're 32 Welcome kids and mommies
We're 54 DC Happy Couples
We're 127 Moms
We're 366 Members
We're 653 planeswalkers
We're 87 Family Fun Weekenders
We're 42 Fellow Friends
We're 125 Bougie Chics
We're 124 Moms and dads
We're 15 4Ever BFF
We're 214 princesses
We're 38 Members
We're 329 Sassy Ladies
We're 24 Family Defenders
We're 376 Fabulous Great Friends
We're 6 Maryland "PEEPS"
We're 42 Amigas
We're 14 Members
We're 2 Chirstian Brothers and Sisters
We're 162 SocialitesBy CHARLES BABINGTON, Associated Press
ST. LOUIS (AP) -.
(Copyright 2012 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsRizzle Kicks love Ed Sheeran!
So it turns out that Rizzle Kicks are just like everybody else, and they love Ed Sheeran too!
The boys have recently said that they want to work with the ginger guitar wizard on a song. But nothing’s official yet.
The guys plan to record the song when they’re supporting Ed on his US tour this Spring. And we hope they do.
Ed will probably say yes. He recently helped out on Justin Bieber’s acoustic album.
We’ll let you know if it happens and what it sounds like.
Tune in to Fun Kids for the latest pop star news. You can listen on DAB Digital Radio in London and online across the UK! Click here to listen!Hoyo de Monterrey Reposado cigars are handrolled in the Dominican Republic and have been rated 91 by Smoke Magazine. A mild to medium bodied smoke with a great, well-balanced flavor profile delivering an earthiness with notes of licorice and nutmeg. A nice draw from start to finish and a perfect burn.Sent on the 11th of November, 2012
Frequently Asked Questions:
This is a list of typical questions we have received on our contact page.
Q. What is this web page?
A. This is the food page of Fogolar Furlan Club on 1880 N Service Rd E fogolar.foodpages.ca been around?
A. For quite some time. It got its first review on November 11, 2012 and was last updated on August 10, 2014.
Q. Does Fogolar Furlan Fogolar Furlan Club representatives who have the option of claiming this page and keeping their information up to date.
Q. How do you rank Restaurants?
A. We rank Restaurants by first grouping them together by proximity, then analyzing their ratings, reviews and comments. Recent reviews carry more ranking weight. Fogolar Furlan Club is currently ranked number 1 of 17 10, 2014.
Did we answer your questions?
If you have another question send it here.
If yours is a frequent question, we may add it to this list.The.”
United States Sports Academy Board of Trustees members award Malaysia Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education Muhyiddin Yassin with an International Honorary Doctorate.. The institution, known as “America’s Sports University,” is the largest graduate school of sport education in the world.
Academy President and CEO Dr. Thomas P. Rosandich recalled during the presentation that his ties to Malaysia date back to 1957 when he coached the first of his many national track and field teams there. Dr. Rosandich said that he recommended to Malaysia’s first Prime Minister Tunku Abdul Rahman, the father of the country, to establish a sophisticated interscholastic sport program.
He noted that more than 50 years later, Muhyiddin moved to create an interscholastic sport program and now, incidentally, Great Britain is following suit. Dr. Rosandich applauded Muhyiddin for all of his sports achievements in Malaysia, including his running of one of the best Commonwealth Games in 1998 in Kuala Lumpur. The event is the second largest international sports competition, following the Olympics.
“After all these years, His Excellency is developing an interscholastic sports program so the youth of Malaysia can reach a new level in sports,” Dr. Rosandich said. “There is no question that success will follow for Malaysia in international fields of competition. This Honorary Doctorate recognizes the Deputy Prime Minister’s lifelong contributions to sport and to the people of his country. This honor is very much earned and well deserved.”
The “One Student – One Sport” initiative is one of Muhyiddin’s major efforts since 2009. This endeavor, which offers more structured and organized physical education classes and sports programs, is seen by Muhyiddin and the nation’s leaders as critical for the health, fitness and learning benefits it provides youth. It also is important to the development of a national system that allows youth to advance in sports, with the best eventually competing in the Olympics or in professional sports..
Malaysia Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Education Muhyiddin Yassin watches as Daphne High School students do sprints as part of the school's fitness testing.
“I am very impressed with the school itself,” he said. “Technology is something we believe is very important for students in our country, too.”
Muhyiddin has served in a number of government roles since earning his bachelor’s degree with honors in Economics and Malay Studies in 1971 at the University of Malaya, one of the country’s renowned schools. He first became a member of the Parliament of Malaysia in 1978. Some of his recent posts include Minister of Youth and Sports (1995-1999), Minister of Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs (1999-2004), and Minister of Agriculture and Agro-based Industry (2004-2008).
Muhyiddin is the third Malaysian to earn an International Honorary Doctorate from the Academy. In 2008, the sports university honored His Royal Highness Tunku Imran, the Malaysian Prince and President of the Olympic Council of Malaysia who has been active in the international sport community and Olympic Movement for more than three decades. In 1990, the Academy bestowed an International Honorary Doctorate on YAB Dato Sri Mohammad Najib Abdul Razak, Malaysia’s current Prime Minister and former Minister of Sport.
The Academy’s work in Malaysia began when it became an independent nation in 1957 and the Academy’s Dr. Rosandich coached the first of his many national track and field teams there. He led a combined team of athletes from Malaysia, Singapore and North Borneo to the Asian Games in 1958.
The Academy’s first sports education programs in Malaysia began in 1981. Over the years, the institution has taught its International Certification in Sports Management (ICSM) and Sports Coaching (ICSC) programs in the country. Today, Malaysia remains one of the few predominantly Muslim nations that maintains close ties to the United States..Q: WiC 360: When is it coming out? Can you give us some details regarding the control scheme? Will there be a demo?
DP: We’re working with Swordfish Studios, who’re making the 360 version, and helping them in every way we can. There’s no official release date revealed yet. They’re not as far in development as the PC version and there are still some things to do. Getting the controls mapped out is one of the more interesting challenges for the 360, but the way Swordfish have designed the layout is really, really smart.
Q: Will a demo and server files be available prior to the release date of the game (for large clan support)?
DP: We are already working with several server partners when it comes to hosting, and we will gradually add more. The Demo will be hosted by ourselves and select partners, but we won’t release any serverside code.
Q: However between now and the date of release if and when there is another beta, will you get special interest groups for the game involved again?
DP: The Demo is coming soon, so keep an eye open for that! We will continue our tradition of involving different groups; clans, tournament organizers and so on. It’s very fun and the feedback we get this way is very useful.
Q: Will Massive show public support via website news updates for any organizations that will run a World in Conflict League?
DP: We’re very keen to take care of our community, so we will certainly help promote all sorts of initiatives, not just tournaments. I encourage everyone who is planning to do some interesting WIC activities to contact our Community Manager who will take a look and see if it’s something we can support.
Q: Are there additional units or abilities which will make their way into the game? The scenery is wonderful, but all the maps in the world won't make the game a large success if the units don't get a little more advanced in the way they counter each other. It'd be nice to see more transport variants such as a HMMWV w/TOW or a Blackhawk UH-60 w/mini-guns.
DP: The units that were available in the beta are the final units. We limited the number of units to make the game more focused, and we tried to make these units both fun and diverse. When two units engage in combat, there are a lot of things that affect the outcome of the battle. Aside of the basic damage, we also have an advanced armor-facing system, calculations for the bullets and the field of vision. The special abilities do their part as well, and once you’ve really mastered one of the roles and play it in unison with your teammates, you can see that the game has a lot of tactical depth, regardless of the number of units.
You will also discover further depth in the different game modes, and you’ll learn that the landscape types require different strategies too.
Q: Will WiC be available online, such as Steam or EA Downloader?
DP: We’re looking into the option of doing something like this, but nothing has been decided yet.
Q: Is there going to be a multiplayer demo? If so, when would it come out? And would I be able to create servers to play on a LAN for it?
DP: The demo will feature a sneak peek of both single player and multiplayer. We’re going to do it like in the Alpha and Beta tests and have the multiplayer demo online. The demo is slated to go live late in August. The current plan is to not include LAN but to offer skirmish mode. That may change, though, but that’s the plan at the moment.
Q: Are there plans for a map maker and ways to toggle the HUD if people want to film using the game?
DP: We’re adding a lot of neat little tools for the happy mod makers out there, including some great tools for filming in-game. We’ve had a lot of fun ourselves filming in the game engine, and it would only be fair to spread it to the community as well. But if you don’t want it to be that fancy, you can still turn off the HUD at any time using F10 ;-)
Q: Will you continue to put your game out there for events (like CPL etc...) after the game is released?
DP: That’s definitely something that we want, and we’ve worked together with ESL and CPL to make sure that World in Conflict is a great contender for the e-sport scene. It’s looking very promising. World in Conflict is designed for competitive play, and as long as people are willing to play it competitively, there is no reason for it not to attend the e-sports events.
One important aspect of e-sports games that will benefit all gamers, is that a game that gets used in tournaments typically gets patched and balanced more often than other games. The pro-gamers push the limits so hard that the demand for perfection is a lot higher than in many more casual games. This is something we look forward to, and we will stick with the game for a long time.
Q: Now I have been in the pre-alpha, alpha, closed & open beta I have witnessed first-hand how WIC has evolved. (TBH - it was good enough as it is in Closed beta to sell). My question is: does this game (if it sells well) will be looking for an expansion or even a sequel? I have read on these forums that China sounds like a good faction to introduce and also to actually duke it out in the pacific.
DP: We’re working out some possible ways to develop World in Conflict from here, and we do have some pretty cool ideas about what we could do. But as we’re rounding things up with the first game, it’s still a bit early to say what players can expect from World in Conflict in the future – we’re not even sure ourselves!
Q: Are there going to be sub-factions in the game? Basically what I mean is that obviously you have your three big factions - USA, Soviets, and NATO. Are there going to be any sub-factions like the US (Army, Marines); Soviet (Army, Navy); NATO (Germany, Britain, France) -- It strikes me as a great way to diversify the game without having to add much more content.
DP: We have diversified the factions a bit, where it made sense to do so. While the multiplayer mode still focuses on the three factions, the single-player campaign features some diversity, especially when it comes to NATO. We’ve tried to capture the feeling of NATO as a multinational force, and have made it quite apparent in some parts of the campaign.
Q: I have a server collocated strictly for hosting servers for games my group takes place in. When it comes to hosting - how will this work? Will it be a rank/unrank server system or will they all be uniform and all servers will assign points to the ranking system. The closest thing I can relate my question to would be Battlefield 2 by EA. They had ranked servers but only "certified" hosting companies could host the servers. All other privately hosted servers were un-ranked and essentially useless to operate due to the lack of player population on non-ranked servers.
DP: For security reasons and for making sure that we minimize any potential exploits, we’re only allowing our trusted partners to host ranked servers. We still encourage people to host servers of their own, as it’s a great way to play the game just like you want it, be it for mods or clan practice.
We’re also investigating a system which would allow us to add user-made maps to the officially ranked map cycles. This is not something we expect to do from day one, but we are very excited about the idea, and we would personally enjoy playing user-created maps, approving them, and to make them a part of the ranked universe!
When will the WiC Demo be released?
DP: It’s currently scheduled for an August 20 release. Keep an eye on worldinconflict.com for updates!
Related articles, Click here!
More articles about World in ConflictChoose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 41 other languages.
Most often used by people in the United States
All languages
FREE cancellation on most rooms!
Instant confirmation when you reserve
Find the motel you’ve been looking for in Angeles with Booking.com. We have the best motor inns and motor lodges in Angeles, good availability, and great rates. Whether you’re out to see something special or just exploring the area, you can select budget rooms all over Angeles. Choose Booking.com for the suburban or highway motel for your Angeles trip.
21 A-Malabanias Road Plaridel 1, Angeles
Review score
Score from 17 reviews
“Very cozy room or rooms! spacious and comfortable! It's like bringing your homely comforts.10683 S Watson Run
Other
- Parcel #: 052425
- Zillow Home ID: 7860 decrease 0.2% next year.
Learn more about forecast calculations.… More Less
For Sale
- 10659 Pine Rd3 beds, 1 baths
1,948 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1948
- 11279 N Watson Run Rd3 beds, 2 baths
1,560 sqft, 27,900 sqft lot, built in 1997
- 14910 Brown Hill Rd3 beds, 1.5 baths
1,597 sqft, 74,923 sqft lot, built in 1954
- 15485 Bishop Ave3 beds, 3 baths
2,485 sqft, 27,007 sqft lot, built in 1991
- 15410 W Grandview Ave4 beds, 2.5 baths
2,160 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 2001
- Parcel 6504-081-54-- beds, -- baths
-- sqft, 20,037 sqft lot, built in --
- 13384 Conneaut Lake Rd2 beds, 1 baths
1,176 sqft, 15,681 sqft lot, built in 1950
- 10907 Hollis Rd3 beds, 1 baths
1,341 sqft, 23,958 sqft lot, built in 1952
- 13211 Conneaut Lake Rd3 beds, 3 baths
1,300 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 13285 Foust Rd3 beds, 2 baths
1,096 sqft, 762,300
- 16258 S Shady Acres3 beds, 2 baths
1,859 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 2004
- 12649 Walnut Dr3 beds, 1.5 baths
1,440 sqft, 12,196 sqft lot, built in 1978
- 16225 N Shady Acres3 beds, 2 baths
1,568 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1999-87.Article Preview
Park Art Fair, blues event set in New Richmond
Published 06/01/2012, New Richmond News
New Richmond Area Chamber of Commerce members are fully focused on the 45th annual Park Art Fair and Blues and Brews Fest, which is scheduled for June 1-2 at Mary Park.Word count: 522
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.Sticker Mule Treasure Hunt: 2x $100 Credit to Giveaway | Design Juices
Show Summary | Posted by jthompsondesign 1445 days ago | Category: Graphic Design
Today we have partnered with a site across the web many of you will have found before, they are offering the chance for 2 readers to win $100 worth of free custom stickers.Tweet This | Share to Facebook | Discuss | BuryDepressedFans.com
We envision Depressed Fans as a place where we can all come together as sports fans to take our sports way too seriously! The more people that join and post, the better this site will be!
Our site is a place to vent. Use your twitter handle or real name or don't! We don't do racism or threats here though. Take that crap elsewhere!
Our sports community is open to all who want to bash their favorite teams or players. We don't discriminate here!But his list of accomplishments doesn't end there. His "Rotlings" (that's Hudson's word for "musical noodlings") can be heard on a handful of movie soundtracks, as well as recordings by artists such as polka king, Jimmy Sturr, and local guys such as
Aaron "Professor Louie" Hurwitz and
the Crowmatix. In fact, the good professor and company has returned the favor by pitching in on Garth's long-awaited debut solo recording,
The Sea To The North, upon which they can be heard on two tracks.
Though busier than ever with rehearsals for Rick Chertoff's
Largo at Vassar College's New York Stage and Film Center,
Hudson took a few moments out to speak with Rhythm and News magazine publisher, George Fletcher.
Rhythm and News: Can The Sea To The North be considered a true solo project?
Garth Hudson: This is definitely a team production. I got a lot of help from Professor Louie and the Crowmatix. They helped me record and mix and master. We did it all on computer and that's a big help, and we really enjoyed the experience.
R&N: Is the mindset of doing a solo recording any different than your many sideman gigs?
GH: We had to approach it differently and I'll tell you why. The revelation is that I could not play as well with my left hand than my right so I had to take some extra time in the studio. To be poetic, and not too laborial or complex ... some musical ideas are done in an improvisational fashion and end up sometimes incomplete. On the other hand, I have been in a lot of situations, so I know how it's gonna go. And we had very few problems this time out.
R&N: What instruments do you play in the studio that you can use on a gig, too?
GH: A Technics digital piano. It's amazing and sounds "close enough." So, now I can do some things live the same way I did in the studio and it all sounds right. I believe that this keyboard is the answer to the problem. I checked out an awful lot of keyboards in studios and on stage and this one is very nice. I also went and got a Yamaha upright with a disclavier. You pop in a disc and hit a couple buttons. You can then edit that into another program.
R&N: Is the instrument as important as the player?
GH: The instruments play a big role in the sounds and the thickness. You spend hours and hours getting your sounds together and that's a big part of the music.
GH: There was my old Lowery Festival keyboard. It had about 90 tubes and a great distortion that I have not been able to imitate since. That's the sound you hear on the beginning of "Chest Fever." (Chest Fever, a favorite of Band set lists, featured a intro by Hudson that was often improvised, rarely played the same twice, yet always inspired.)
R&N: Was it a quick recording to make?
GH: Well, one piano piece took a month or more to do. But we got through it.
R&N: Do you feel that you accomplished what you set out to do on this record?
GH: Oh, yeah. I really love everything about it. It's all there. I would have loved to add some more things to it, but I think we did the right things and made a good record. It has a lot of variety on there.
R&N: Are you always so easy to please?
GH: Yeah, even when I get up there in front of a few thousand people only to find that the accordion has ladies sized keys, and then I try to get in a number - that's a bad place, man. So I just rotle around on the keys and try to make something of it. (Hudson breaks into an impromptu song, singing "We're definitely in a waltz mode here.")
R&N: Are you happy with your musical life?
GH: Am I still in the ring? Oh, yeah, and I can spend great, long times getting happy. There have been many real fortunate occurrences and blessing over the years. I am happy. After the conclusion of our conversation, Hudson called back within minutes to add the following: I want to let everybody know that I have had tremendous support in doing the record, and that I feel very fortunate to have the opportunity to get my music out there. It's been a lot of fun.To lose a game anytime a sweep is on the line always seems to leave a team feeling a little flat, and that was the case Sunday afternoon in the visiting clubhouse.
The Texas Rangers saw their nemesis, Kyle Seager, beat them with the bat again, and an emerging nemesis, Hisashi Iwakuma, quieted their bats in a 5-1 loss as the Seattle Mariners avoided a lost weekend.
But the Rangers boarded their charter flight for division-leading Oakland feeling good about themselves after two wins in the three-game series.
They should. They saw at Safeco Field the elements that could help them remain viable contenders for the postseason, with that second wild-card spot well within reach, or at least keep them from becoming also-rans before the All-Star break.
“We’ve just got to continue to prove to ourselves that we can continue to play consistent baseball,” manager Ron Washington said. “Just go out there and play our game, pitch and catch the ball. When we have outs to be gotten, get them. When an opportunity presents itself for us to score some runs, pick the majority of them up. We’ll be fine.”
The key element is the starting rotation, which performed admirably against the Mariners. Granted, the Mariners’ lineup isn’t exactly loaded and their ballpark isn’t exactly hitter-friendly, but four runs in 181/3 innings wasn’t just the result of bad hitting and park factors.
Nick Martinez (1-4) took a tough-luck loss despite allowing only two runs in six innings. That performance came only six days after Cleveland punished Martinez for eight runs in two innings.
Nick Tepesch had the best start of his career Friday. Joe Saunders was competitive Saturday for a fourth straight start since coming off the disabled list.
Colby Lewis is up Monday to open the three-game series at Oakland. He’s one of the four rotation question marks. The other three had some answers against the Mariners after watching staff ace Yu Darvish toss the first complete-game shutout of his career Wednesday.
“It’s contagious,” Martinez said. “When one of us does well, the other ones just kind of seem to fall in place. Unfortunately, it happens in losses, too. We didn’t get the win today, but I felt like we’ve been battling.”
Martinez had to battle throughout his six innings. The Mariners’ leadoff man reached four times, and they had at least one base runner in the first five innings.
They finally got up to Martinez in the fifth, which started with an Endy Chavez single and included a one-out walk to Robinson Cano. Seager, who had already collected two hits, roped a double into the right-field corner to erase a 1-0 lead the Rangers had taken in the second inning on Brad Snyder’s first career major league homer.
Seager came through again in the eighth with a carbon copy of his earlier double to make it 3-1. Seattle would add two more in the inning, all charged to inconsistent left-hander Robbie Ross, as Iwakuma improved to 5-1 in his past eight starts against the Rangers.
Remarkably, at least after watching him against the Rangers, Seager is batting only .259 overall this season. But he’s batting .396 against the Rangers — .226 against all others — and has collected 12 of his 42 RBIs against them.
Martinez regretted how he approach Seager in the fifth.
“I probably should have pitched around him,” Martinez said.
Maybe, but Martinez had done well to that point limiting damage. He could command all of pitches, something that had been missing over his previous three starts, and he was on the attack more with his fastball.
It was a step forward for Martinez, just as the series was a step forward for the rotation. The starters can’t take any steps backward if the Rangers want to stay afloat in spite of all the injuries they have been dealt.
“We’ll get better before the year is over,” Washington said. “We’ll get better as it progresses.” bipolar battery with improved operation.
Batteries such as, for example, lithium accumulators, operate on the principle of insertion and removal (or insertion and de-intercalation) of lithium on at least one electrode.
There are several types of architecture for these batteries.
One of the types of architecture is unipolar architecture. A positive electrode material is deposited on a first collector, and a negative electrode material is deposited on a second collector. The two collectors are superimposed such that the positive and negative electrodes are facing one another, and a ceramic or composite polymer separator is inserted between the two electrodes. To increase the electrode surface and the capacity of the element the collector can be coated on both faces.
This stack can be rolled so as to have a cylindrical geometry, as is described in document US 2006/0121348.
Several of these stacks can be superimposed, as is described in document US2008/0060189. The stacks are connected in parallel.
This type of architecture offers a large active surface of material, and therefore a high generated current density. However, the difference of potential at the terminals of these architectures is limited to that between the two electrode materials.
In order to increase the voltage at the batteries' terminals another architecture has been proposed. This consists of producing bipolar collectors having on one face a positive electrode and on another face a negative electrode; the collectors produced in this fashion are superimposed, and separators are positioned between the electrodes. The stack then forms multiple electrochemical cells connected in series. The voltage at the battery's terminals is equal to the sum of the voltages at the terminals of each of the cells. Consequently, this architecture enables a bipolar battery to be provided with a high voltage at its terminals. This type of architecture is described, for example, in document WO 2006/061696.
However, in order to ensure satisfactory operation of each of the cells there must be satisfactory contact of the electrolyte with the positive and negative electrodes and the separator, and this contact defines the active surface. In addition, each of the cells must be sealed. To do so, a compression effort is applied to the stack. This compression effort is applied to the collectors at the ends of the stack. However, this effort is never constant over time since it is dependent on the creep of the sealing joints. In addition, it is complex to achieve the application of a uniform effort to each of the cells of the stack. There is a risk that the different cells will have varying operation. Indeed, each of the cells generates a counter-pressure on the adjacent cells. Some cells can then reach the potential limits more or less rapidly; the battery is then charged in an incomplete fashion.
In addition, this stack structure does not always allow integration which is appropriate for the application.
It is, consequently, one aim of the present invention to provide a bipolar battery having a high voltage at its terminals and a uniform operation of its various cells and, more generally, to provide a battery the operation of which is improved, and with greater reliability.
The aim set out above is attained by a structure formed by the juxtaposition of unit cells connected in series, the structure being obtained by the use of elements each of which is formed of a negative electrode and a positive electrode supported by an electronic collector, and where the positive and negative electrodes of a given collector are staggered such that, when the unit cells are produced by the assembly of the elements, the adjacent unit cells are not stacked. Thus, a pressure can then be applied to the electrodes of each of the cells, independently of the other cells, and each cell is not subject to the backward force applied by the adjacent cells. It is then possible to have roughly balanced properties of all the cells. In addition, production of the seals is simplified.
In other words, the structure of the battery is developed such that the back pressure exerted by a cell is not applied to the adjacent cell. The unit cells are juxtaposed instead of being produced by stacking.
In addition, by virtue of the invention, it is possible to produce batteries the shape of which can be adapted to the application. Indeed, it is possible to use collectors having a certain flexibility, enabling the cells to be oriented relative to one another with great freedom.
The subject-matter of the present invention is thus mainly an element for a bipolar battery intended for the production of two unit cells having a first electronic conductive support, a second electronic conductive support, and an electronic conductive connection connecting the first and the second supports, where each support has a first and a second face distinct from the first and second faces of the other support, and where the said element also comprises a positive electrode material deposited on one of the faces of the first conductor and a negative electrode material deposited on one of the faces of the other support.
In an advantageous embodiment the faces on which the positive electrode material and the negative electrode material are deposited are opposite relative to the general surface formed by the supports.
The first support and the second support are advantageously positioned in two parallel planes.
The first support, the second support and the connection can be produced as a single piece from a plate.
In an advantageous example the plate is thin, so as to allow easy shaping.
The first support and the second support are, for example, made of nickel, copper, aluminium or aluminium alloy.
The bipolar battery element according to the present invention can be formed by a sealed carbon fabric on which a metal film, for example nickel, copper or aluminium, is deposited on one of the faces of the fabric.
The positive electrode material is, for example, LiFePO4 blended with a polymer binder of the PVDF type, and the negative electrode material is Li4Ti5O12 blended with a polymer binder of the PVDF type.
The bipolar battery element according to the present invention can comprise, in the area of the connection, through channels, for example via holes, when produced by injection.
Another subject-matter of the present invention is a bipolar battery comprising at least one element according to the present invention; the positive electrode material supported by the first support is positioned facing a negative electrode material, the negative electrode material supported by the second support is positioned facing a positive electrode material, where the facing electrode materials are separated by an insulator containing an electrolyte, thus forming two juxtaposed unit cells.
The bipolar battery can comprise at least a first element and a second element according to the present invention, where the positive electrode material of the first element is positioned facing a negative electrode material of the second element, the negative electrode material of the first element is positioned facing a positive electrode material, and the positive electrode material of the second element is positioned facing a negative electrode material, and where an insulator containing an electrolyte is positioned between the pairs of facing electrode materials, so as to form three juxtaposed unit cells.
An electrical insulated joint may be interposed between the facing supports so as to seal the unit cells, and an electrically insulating film covers the free faces of the supports; the insulated joint is made, for example, from elastomer, latex or thermoplastic rubber.
The bipolar battery according to the present invention may comprise an additional film thickness in the area of the electronic connections between the support of a given element.
The bipolar battery according to the present invention may also comprise means able to apply a compression effort to each unit cell in order to apply, one against the other, the positive electrode materials, the negative electrode materials and the insulator of each unit cell.
These means may be formed by an tight jacket in which the unit cells are introduced, where the jacket is pumped down to a vacuum, such that compression efforts are applied to the unit cells.
Tightness of the unit cells may be obtained by injection of a joint, made for example of thermoplastic polymer, and the compression of each of the cells is obtained by coating with a thermoplastic material, for example by injection. In these cases the elements have through channels, of the via hole type, in the area of the connection between the supports.
In an example embodiment, the unit cells are arranged in a rectilinear strip. For example, part of the strip is wound around a conductive spindle and another part of the strip is wound around another conductive spindle, with an electrical insulating film being inserted in the windings, and with the voltage at the terminals of the battery being the voltage between the two conductive spindles. In another example, both adjacent unit cells are folded back one towards the other so as to be stacked, with an electrically insulating film being positioned between the adjacent unit cells.
Adjacent unit cells may be oriented in different directions.
The unit cells may also be oriented so as to form a three-dimensional structure.
The battery according to the present invention can comprise, connected in parallel, at least two unit cell assemblies connected in series.
The present invention will be better understood using the description which follows and the appended illustrations, in which:
FIG. 1 is a schematic representation of an example implementation of a bipolar battery according to the present invention,
FIG. 2A is a representation of a unit element of the battery of FIG. 1,
FIG. 2B is a variant embodiment of the element of FIG. 2A,
FIG. 2C is a top view of a detail of FIG. 2B,
FIG. 2D is a variant of the embodiment of the element of FIG. 2A in which the positive and negative electrodes are produced on the same collector face,
FIG. 3A is a schematic representation of another example embodiment of a bipolar battery according to the present invention using unit elements distributed over both faces of the electronic collector,
FIG. 3B is a schematic representation of another example embodiment of a bipolar battery using unit elements distributed over one electronic collector face,
FIG. 4 is a representation of the battery of FIG. 3A fitted with means to apply pressure to each of the cells,
FIG. 5 is a representation of the battery of FIG. 3 produced with a first type of sealing,
FIG. 6 is a representation of the battery of FIG. 3 produced with a second type of sealing,
FIGS. 7A, 7B, 8A, 8B, 9A, 9B, 10A, 10B, 11A to 11D and 12 are schematic representations of various configurations which a battery according to the present invention may take.
In FIG. 1 a first example embodiment of a bipolar battery according to the present invention can be seen, and in FIG. 2A an insulated element of this battery can be seen.
In the present application we shall designate as a bipolar electrode an electronic conductive support having two faces, where one of the faces is covered with a positive active layer and where the other face is covered with a negative active layer, so as to form respectively a positive electrode and a negative electrode.
We shall also designate as a “unit cell” the assembly formed by a positive electrode supported by a current collector, an electrolytic separator, and a negative electrode supported by another current collector.
The same references will be used throughout the description to designate elements having similar structure and function.
In FIG. 1 battery 2 is formed by four unit cells C1 to C4 connected in series.
We shall designate the positive electrodes by P and the negative electrodes by N, followed by an index indicating the cell to which they belong. The separators will be designated by S.
Unit cell C1 has a positive electrode P1, a negative electrode N1, and a separator S1, interposed between electrodes P1 and N1.
Unit cell C2 has a positive electrode P2, a negative electrode N2, and a separator S2, interposed between electrodes P2 and N2.
Unit cell C3 has a positive electrode P3, a negative electrode N3, and a separator S3, interposed between electrodes P3 and N3.
Unit cell C4 has a positive electrode P4, a negative electrode N4, and a separator S4, interposed between electrodes P4 and N4.
Positive electrode P1 is deposited on a unipolar current collector 4 intended to be connected to a terminal of a device (not represented) which the battery powers. Negative electrode N4 is deposited on a unipolar current collector 6 intended to be connected to the other terminal of the device which the battery powers.
Negative electrode N1 of cell C1 and positive electrode P2 of cell C2 are each supported on a face of an electronic conductor 10.
Negative electrode N2 of cell C2 and positive electrode P3 of cell C3 are each supported on a face of an electronic conductor 12.
Negative electrode N3 of cell C3 and positive electrode P4 of cell C4 are each supported on a face of an electronic conductor 14.
According to the present invention, positive electrodes P2, P3, P4 and negative electrodes N1, N2, N3 are positioned respectively on electronic conductors 10, 12, 14 in staggered fashion such that they are not positioned one above the other, i.e. looking in the direction of arrow F, the positive electrode of a cell and the negative electrode of the adjacent cell supported by the same electronic conductor do not cover one another.
The result is that two adjacent unit cells are not stacked but juxtaposed. In the represented example the battery has the shape of a staircase.
In FIG. 2A a bipolar electrode E1 formed by electronic conductor 10 and electrodes N1 and P2 can be seen.
In FIGS. 2B and 2C, a variant of a bipolar electrode E1′ can be seen; it is distinguished by the fact that the electronic conductor 10′ has channels 16 connecting both faces in a zone located between the two electrodes N1, P2 in order to facilitate production of the architecture of the battery by injection of thermoplastic material, as we shall see in the remainder of the description. The channels are of the via hole type.
In FIG. 2D electrodes N1 and P2 are on the same electronic conductor face.
In FIG. 3A another example of an embodiment of a battery according to the present invention can be seen, which has the advantage that it has a roughly flat structure.
To accomplish this, electronic conductors 110, 112 have been shaped so as to form a step. Each electronic conductor has a first zone positioned in a first plane, a second zone positioned in a second plane which is roughly parallel to the first plane, and a third zone connecting the first and second zones.
Each bipolar electrode E101, E102 has an electrode N1 in the first zone and an electrode P2 in the second zone.
Bipolar electrodes E101, E102 are fitted into one other.
The staggering between the face receiving the positive electrode material and the face receiving the negative electrode material is such that it enables a flat structure to be produced. The height of the staggering between the two faces of the conductor supporting the electrode materials is roughly equal to the thickness of the stack of a positive electrode material, a negative electrode material and the separator. As an example, a bipolar plate forming an electronic conductor having a thickness of 20 to 250 μm, a separator having a thickness of 20 μm to 150 μm, and electrodes having thicknesses of 30 μm to 300 μm, and more particularly of 80 μm to 150 μm, and a staggering with a height of 80 μm and 750 μm can be chosen. if the height of the step formed by the conductor is considered, the thickness of the conductor is taken into account, the latter being, for example, between 01 mm and 1 mm.
Flexibility of the sealed inter-cell bipolar junction can be obtained by using a thin electronic conductor, for example between 20 and 250 μm thick, preferably between 20 μm and 100 μm thick, and preferably made in metal.
Advantageously, the electronic conductors are produced from a single part and formed by folding or drawing.
Electronic conductors 10, 12, 14 and 110, 114 can be made, for example, from nickel, copper, aluminium or aluminium alloy, the choice of material being made according to the compatibility with the materials constituting electrodes N and P. It is also possible to envisage using a carbon composite formed from an tight carbon composite on which, in order to ensure the electrochemical and chemical compatibility with the electrode material, a metal film (of nickel, copper or aluminium) is deposited on one of the faces by a vacuum deposit process, of the CVD or PVD type, or electroplating or electroless deposit, in order to produce electronic conduction.
FIG. 3B shows the case in which the configuration of the conductors of FIG. 2D is used. It is not necessary to fold the conductor between the two cells. This approach thus enables electronic conductors of greater thickness and of less flexibility to be used.
By means of the invention, the pressure applied to each of the unit cells in order to guarantee satisfactory contact between the various elements comprising it can be controlled independently, without having an effect of a back pressure on the adjacent cell.
In FIG. 4, means to apply a compression effort symbolised by the arrow 18 to each of the unit cells of the battery of FIG. 1 can be seen represented schematically. For example, the compression on each of the cells is produced by a unit or tightening plates 20 positioned on the outer faces of the electrodes.
In a particularly advantageous manner, the assembly is placed in a sealed flexible packet consisting of a laminated assembly formed from at least one polyester or nylon outer polymer layer, a metal (aluminium) film intended to limit the micro-holes of the polymer film and a second polymer layer of the polyolefin type. This laminated assembly is commonly used as a flexible packet for batteries, thus ensuring gas-proofness, and allowing the thermo-sealing step. Due to the use of such sealed flexible packets, it is possible to pump down to a vacuum in the packet, which will guarantee the application of the sufficient pressure on the cell in order not to require an additional compression system. This pumping down to a vacuum enables the use of compression plates to be avoided.
In FIG. 5 a first example embodiment of the seals between cells and with respect to the outside environment can be seen for a battery having the configuration of FIG. 3.
In this first example embodiment each unit cell comprises, at its lateral edges, a gasket 22 to confine the electrolyte within the cells in separators S1, S2 and S3. In addition, this gasket 22 enables a short-circuiting of the electronic conductors to be prevented.
In the case of unit cells C1 and C3, gasket 22 extends between the current collector 6, 8 and the electronic conductor 110, 112 respectively over the entire circumference of cells C1 and C3.
In the case of unit cells C2, the joint 22 extends between the electronic conductor 110 and the electronic conductor 112, over the entire circumference of cell C2.
Joint 22 is, for example, an elastomer of the ethylene-propylene family such as EPDM, or of the butadiene styrene family such as latex, of the silicones family, or again of the thermoplastic rubbers family (TPE), of the styrenics type, such as SBS® or Kapton®.
The battery also has an electrical insulating film 24 covering all the unit cells connected in series. Only the battery\'s connection terminals traverse the jacket 24.
The film 24 can be of the adhesive film type, attached to the outer face of each of the electronic conductors. The presence of this film enables a short-circuiting of the cells with one another to be prevented, in particular in the case of folded configurations of the cells, as we shall see in due course.
In addition, it is advantageous to deposit specifically in the area of the connections between unit cells an additional electrical insulating layer 26, preferably an adhesive one. This layer 26 allows more robust sealing in the area of the connections which could be deformed, as we shall see in due course.
In FIG. 6 another example embodiment of the sealing and of the electrical insulation of the battery of FIG. 3 can be seen.
In this other example embodiment an injection technique is used. The joints 122 produced by plastic injection provide both the sealing of each cell and the compression on the electronic conductors.
The injected material may be an insulating thermoplastic polymer film (ethylene-propylene and ethylene norbornene block copolymers).Stop by the CSD table in the atrium for snacks and coffee from 2:00 pm until 4:00 pm every Wednesday! Counselors will be available to answer quick questions! You can also pick up:
- The latest CSD Handbook
- Job Search Time Lines (2L & 3L)
- Symplicity training manual
You will also be able to RSVP for upcoming events and make appointments with the CSD Counselors.
Although first semester 1Ls are not allowed to seek counseling from the CSD, you are welcome to come and get a coffee!Woman Struggling With Relationships Finds Forgiveness and Hope in Jesus
viralvisionApr 4 2013, 749 views
Growing up amongst a total of 13 marriage breakdowns between her parents, Kate had no idea what a real relationship should look like, and especially what true love is. After suffering through two divorces of her own, she came to know Jesus and thanks God that he understands, forgives and gives.
.
Supported Operating Systems for Cloudera Manager
Cloudera Manager supports a range of operating systems including:
- Red Hat-compatible systems
- Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.7 and CentOS 5.7, 64-bit
- Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.2 and 6.4, and CentOS 6.2 and 6.4, 64-bit
- Oracle Enterprise Linux 5.6 with Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel, 64-bit
- SLES systems
For Hadoop to work properly, using the same version of the same operating system on all cluster hosts is strongly recommended.
Supported Browsers for Cloudera Manager Admin Console
Supported Databases for Cloudera Manager.
Cloudera Manager and its supporting services can use the following database systems and releases:
Other Requirements
Cloudera Manager supports a variety of services and depends on resources being available.
CDH Version Support
- Cloudera Manager 4.6 supports CDH3 Update 1 (cdh3u1) or later and CDH4.0 or later. CDH3 Update 2 or later is strongly recommended.
The latest released versions of CDH3 and CDH4 are strongly recommended.
- If you want to use Cloudera Manager to manage Oozie, CDH3 Update 2 or later is required.
-.
- Cloudera Manager supports Impala 1.0 or later with CDH4.1 or later.:
127.0.0.1 localhost.localdomain localhost 192.168.1.1 cluster-01.domain cluster-01 192.168.1.2 cluster-02.domain cluster-02 192.168.1.3 cluster-03.domain cluster-03
- In most cases, the Cloudera Manager Server must have SSH access to the cluster hosts when you run the installation or upgrade wizard. This does not apply if you install Cloudera Manager using Path B..
- No blocking by iptables or firewalls; make sure port 7180 is open because it is the port used to access Cloudera Manager after installation. Cloudera Manager communicates using specific ports, which must be open. For additional port information, see Configuring Ports for Cloudera Manager Free Edition.
- No blocking by Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux).
- and CDH create and use the following accounts and groups:
- The Cloudera Manager Agent runs as root so that it can make sure the required directories are created and that processes and files are owned by the appropriate user (for example, the hdfs user and mapred user).
For additional port information, see Configuring Ports for Cloudera Manager.Create new account | My Profile | My Account | My Bookmarks | My Inbox | Help | Log in
Site search
Web search
Advanced search
Sun Feb 24, 2013, 05:51 AM
MrScorpio (62,644 posts)
2 replies, 339 views
Reply to this thread
Back to top Alert abuse
Response to MrScorpio (Original post)
Sun Feb 24, 2013, 08:40 AM
hlthe2b (54,251 posts)
Reply to this post
Back to top Alert abuse Link here
Permalink
Response to hlthe2b (Reply #1)
Sun Feb 24, 2013, 08:44 AM
About | Copyright | Privacy | Terms of service | Contact
Advertise on DU
© 2001 - 2015 Democratic Underground, LLC. Thank you for visiting.Register with us or sign in
Good advice. Even more so for toms planted in the ground. Infrequent very deep watering is the go. It drives the roots deeper into the soil. Frequent shallow watering keeps the roots towards the surface..
That's a bit recent. As I said above, if the soil is decent in the first place, it shouldn't need fertilising. I don't think I've ever fertilised my various beetroot beds.
Judy, what's Monty's experiment? Can you give me some details?
Bf206 wrote (see)
How often would you water tomatoes in pots? Mine are in 25 litre containers but I've been very wary of over-watering. Possibly too much so! I've only been watering them every few days?.
you are right trucanadian
this reminds me of starcraft two this is really awsome game,i wish there is squadron auriga two,oh yeah!!!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
WHAT THE FVCK?!
why are people hating this?! this is an AWESOME game! reminded me of starcraft! and it wasn't laggy at all! all you need to do is click "use popup" on the top right side of the game screen! then X out the internet window :P and play it! --_-- very fun game, 10 stars! what made me think of starcraft so much was the bugs xD they were like the zerg in a way, and the rifle men were MARINES they even said some phrases the marines say! and how the voice says "unit ready" also made me think of starcraft. i LOVED this game, made me think of starcraft, when i grew up to that game.
Rated 4 / 5 stars
intresting
ehh it was alright
Rated 4 / 5 stars
really fun, addictive, but repetitive.
there should be an alien campagn.
Rated 2 / 5 stars
too many ads..to long to load
great, story is a little unrealistic, but the freezing up makes it impossible to play, so this gets a low scoreThe Easiest Keepers Yet from Nunn Finer are the solution for those easily lost, easily broken keeps. They're made of rubber and sized at 5/8" to fit bridles, flashes and breastplates. Easy to put on, too!.
Dy'on® Blinkers were developed with top European show jumpers to help your horse focus. Made of dark broth leather, they attach to the cheek pieces of your bridle with discreet hook-and-loop closures..
Nunn Finer Rope Gag Cheeks are easy to use and attach securely without the use of stitches or screws..2007/7/6, Joe Emenaker <joe@emenaker.com>:
I've tried debtakeover a couple of times. It doesn't look like it has been updated recently, which explains why got it to work with some older dists like RH8 or FC1.... but trying on FC3 or later... I've never had it give me a bootable system.
if we are talking about FC - I would update the FC system to install newest XEN system. Then install debian in this XEN, secure the FC host to use ssh-only . FC has nice xen management. methinks that it WILL be very secure and scalable. --!!;)}Mark Zuckerberg was in his element.
Zuckerberg, whose social network turns 10 years old next week, spoke last week.”
Saving tons of money U.S. military. Facebook and the open computing project, which has drawn 150 companies, including Intel and Microsoft, looks like that firm buyer of transformational big-ticket computing technology.
As Zuckerberg put it last week, “folks are heavily incentivized” to build new kinds of hardware when there is a prospect of big sales. “Facebook is a partnership company.”
More flexibility, choice.
Parikh said Internet.org was doing research, establishing partnerships with phone companies and looking at new ways to remake wireless systems, the same way it has been remaking servers and networking.Arizona’s new student assessment will likely cost $9 million more a year than the current AIMS test, triggering questions among education advocates about who will pay for it.
The new test will measure how well Arizona students are mastering the Common Core Standards and is expected to replace Arizona’s Instrument to Measure Standards in spring 2015.
State officials estimate the new test will cost the state more than $22.5 million a year.
Some education advocates are already nervous about the cost and fear that districts could incur additional technology expenses when they will be required to give the test online in 2016.
“Our issue is that it is going to cost a significant amount,” said Chuck Essigs, director of governmental relations for the Arizona Association of School Business Officials. “Whether the state will provide the money or districts are going to have to come up with it is a question that remains unanswered.”
Essigs also said many small, rural Arizona school districts do not have the technology to give students the assessment online because they lack computers and Internet access.
Vince Yanez, executive director of the Arizona State Board of Education, said the state will foot the cost of the new test. Who will pay for computers in 2016 is up in the air. Still, Essigs said districts do not have formal confirmation of that.
Yanez said the board is expected to recommend the exam and send a budget estimate for it to Gov. Jan Brewer in early 2014.
About 750,000 students a year take AIMS annually at a cost of about $18 per student, according to numbers from Yanez’s office.
His office estimates that it will cost about $30 to give the new assessment to Arizona’s second- through 11th-graders next year.
The website of one test developer, the PARCC — which stands for Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers — states that its test will cost $29.50 per student annually. The site of another test developer, Smarter Balanced Assessment Consortium, or SBAC, says its test will cost $22.50 per student.
The new test is expected to be more expensive in part because it will be harder than the AIMS.
The Common Core Standards, which include broad math and language concepts, focus more on critical-thinking skills and less on rote memorization.
The testing will include more complex reading passages and math problems with more steps. Students also will need to write short essays via computer explaining how they got their answers to math problems.
Several Arizona school districts, including Mesa Public Schools and the Scottsdale Unified School District, have agreed to field-test Common Core exam questions for the PARCC.
Arizona is one of 20 states that are members of the organization and state Superintendent of Public Instruction John Huppenthal sits on its board.
But Yanez said that does not mean Arizona is obligated to use the PARCC exam. The board expects to also take a look at proposals by SBAC as well as private testing companies, he said.
Janice Palmer, director of governmental affairs and public affairs for the Arizona School Boards Association, said her members have additional concerns about the new test.
“There is a lot of support for the need for higher standards,” she said. “They just don’t want to be penalized by them.”
Arizona Department of Education officials estimated this summer that only 30 percent of students would pass a Common Core assessment if they had taken one last spring.
Huppenthal has said the levels of difficulty of the Common Core and its exam will be a “shock to the system.”
Palmer said that while school boards welcome the challenge, they worry that school letter grades, teacher and principal evaluations, and even the number of children who are promoted from third grade will decline under the tougher test.
“These are issues that the state board will be addressing in the next few months,” Yanez said. “We will see a dip (in scores on the new test), but that does not mean students are performing at a lower level. They could be performing at a higher level.”
Republic reporters Matt Dempsey and Mary Beth Faller contributed to this article.Sport and International Politics
Impact of Facism and Communism on Sport
US$ 206.00
(If any tax is payable it will be calculated and shown at checkout.)
Preview (read now) Add to my own site Give this ebook to a friend Add to my wishlist Author's page Publisher's page
moreSociology and history of sport is a fast rising subject. There is a growing interest in issues associated with globalization and sport culture across European and North American boundaries. period. It shows how sport was used as an instrument of propaganda and psychological pressure by major political and sporting nations as well as international movements such as the Catholic Church and the International Worker Sport Movement.
This volume will be a key reference for researchers and students in sports history, sports sociology, politics and European studies.
less
Taylor and Francis; July 2013
240 pages; ISBN 9781135816285
Read online, or download in secure EPUB or secure PDF format
Title: Sport and International Politics
Author: Pierre Arnaud; Professor Jim Riordan
240 pages; ISBN 9781135816285
Read online, or download in secure EPUB or secure PDF format
Title: Sport and International Politics
Author: Pierre Arnaud; Professor Jim Riordan
Buy, download and read Sport and International Politics (eBook) by Pierre Arnaud; Professor Jim Riordan today!
More Business
- To Sell Is Human 2012 US$ 12.99 256 pages
- And the Good News Is... 2015 US$ 11.69
- Eat That Frog! 2007 US$ 15.95 145 pages
- The E-Myth Revisited 2009 US$ 13.99 288 pages
Subject categories
ISBNs
0203476581
9780203476581
9780419214403
9781135816285
9781135816292Yorktown Market Days will extend its hours on Saturday, October 10, to celebrate autumn with a Fall Festival.
Typically held from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m., this Market Days event will extend its hours to 3 p.m. and will include children's activities, hayrides, a pumpkin patch and hay maze, and live musical entertainment..- OSI-Approved Open Source (44,473)
- GNU General Public License version 2.0 (21,371)
- GNU Library or Lesser General Public License version 2.0 (6,323)
- Apache License V2.0 (4,490)
- BSD License (3,375)
- GNU General Public License version 3.0 (3,311)
- MIT License (1,137)
- Academic Free License (1,079)
- Apache Software License (1,024)
- GNU Library or Lesser General Public License version 3.0 (985)
- Eclipse Public License (973)
- Common Public License 1.0 (580)
- Mozilla Public License 1.1 (501)
- Open Software License 3.0 (311)
- Artistic License (304)
- Affero GNU Public License (287)
- Public Domain (1,250)
- Other License (809)
- Creative Commons Attribution License (663)
- Windows (47,484)
- Mac (44,160)
- Grouping and Descriptive Categories (31,292)
- OS Independent (23,324)
- All POSIX (5,135)
- All 32-bit MS Windows (4,124)
- OS Portable (3,837)
- 32-bit MS Windows (1,715)
- All BSD Platforms (965)
- 64-bit MS Windows (848)
- 32-bit MS Windows (472)
- Project is an Operating System Distribution (60)
- Project is OS Distribution-Specific (59)
- Project is an Operating System Kernel (17)
- Classic 8-bit Operating Systems (10)
- Modern (6,977)
- BSD (4,149)
- Embedded Operating Systems (2,048)
Top Apps
- Audio & Video
- Business & Enterprise
- Communications
- Development
- Home & Education
- Games
- Graphics
- Science & Engineering
- Security & Utilities
- System Administration
Cobertura
Cobertura is a free Java tool that calculates the percentage of code accessed by tests. It can be used to identify which parts of your Java program are lacking test coverage. It is based on jcoverage.497 weekly downloads
Launch4j Executable Wrapper
Cross-platform Java executable wrapper for creating lightweight Windows native EXEs. Provides advanced JRE search, application startup configuration and better user experience.2,998 weekly downloads
SymmetricDS
Database Replication, Filtered Synchronization, and Transformation510
Paros
A Java based HTTP/HTTPS proxy for assessing web application vulnerability. It supports editing/viewing HTTP messages on-the-fly. Other featuers include spiders, client certificate, proxy-chaining, intelligent scanning for XSS and SQL injections etc.1,260 weekly downloads
WebcamStudio For GNU/Linux
A multifeatured virtual webcam software to broadcast over the Internet503
OpenRemote
Open Source for Internet of Things541 weekly downloads
Android Push Notification
An open source project to provide push notification support for Android -- a xmpp based notification server and a client tool kit.576 weekly downloads
XML Editor/Validator/Designer with CAMV
CAM XML Editor tool with XML+JSON+SQL Open-XDX sponsored by Oracle502 weekly downloads
Eclipse SQL Explorer [RCP/Plugin]
Eclipse SQL Client for database querying/browsing any JDBC compliant database. It supports plugins with specialized functionality for individual databases (Oracle, DB2, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Sybase, Informix) and can be extended.462 weekly downloads
Cyclops Group
Our goal is making software not profound and powerful, but simple, generic and easy to understand. Check for more details979
Magnolia CMS
Java CMS that delivers smartphone simplicity on an enterprise scale432508 weekly downloads
Java Treeview
Java Treeview - An Open Source, Extensible Viewer for Microarray Data in the PCL or CDT format4887 weekly downloads
ScadaBR
ScadaBR is a SCADA (Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition) system with applications in Process Control and Automation, being developed and distributed using the open source model.696.502 weekly downloads-
- News
- Calendar
- Blogs
- Sports
- Entertainment
- Business
- Lifestyles
- Community
- Opinion
-
- Classifieds
- Coupons
- Local Savings
- Green Editions
- Legal Notices
- Contests
- Weekly Ads
Connect with Us
-
-
-
- NEWSLETTERS
Public art: Federal Way schools are shopping, state is paying
At Todd Beamer High School stands a metal shape perched atop an Ionic column. Standing in a lawn at Saghalie Middle School is a series of giant, swooping wooden figures that look like children running while holding hands. At Decatur High School is a painting of a woman meditating over a bowl of three oranges.
All of these pieces were bought and placed in Federal Way schools by a state program that buys public art. The school system is beginning a process to attain several more pieces for the newly built Lakota Middle School and Valhalla and Panther Lake elementary schools.
The state’s Art in Public Places program sets aside half of 1 percent of state funds that aid in the construction of civic buildings to buy art. The state retains ownership of the art, and it is up to the individual schools to select and maintain the art.
The program was established by the Legislature in 1974, and has resulted in 4,600 pieces of art across the state.
Committees to select new art for each of the three new schools have been formed, said Audrey Germanis, the district’s construction information coordinator. The two elementary schools each have $31,000 to buy art, and Lakota has $34,000, Germanis said. The funds are controlled by the state, though the committees have absolute say in the selection of an art piece.
The committees are still in their early stages and have not selected anything yet. The process could take up to 18 months. The state has collected art from numerous artists across the U.S. and Canada, but Germanis said Federal Way will shop local. (There are no Federal Way artists on the state's artist roster.)
“We're pretty much devoted to staying with Washington state artists,” she said.
Federal Way School Board director Amye Bronson-Doherty is on the Lakota committee. It’s very early in the process, she said, but the committee is already talking about letting students in on the selection process. So far, the three committees are made up entirely of adults, except the Valhalla committee, which includes two students in art classes at Thomas Jefferson High School.
“We definitely talked about liking the idea of the students having some sort of involvement in the process,” Bronson-Doherty said. “We don't know what that would look like. There was an example where student art work is involved. We want them to have a connection to the creation.
“The new building at Lakota gives us a lot of possible ways to display art. It's got a lot of high ceilings and open areas and the huge lawn in the front,” she said.
Other schools that have art from the state program are Enterprise Elementary, Federal Way High School, Green Gables Elementary, Truman High School, Meredith Hill Elementary, Rainier View Elementary, Sherwood Forest Elementary and Thomas Jefferson High School.
Lakeland and Sunnycrest elementary schools, which are under construction, will also benefit from the state program, but will not have funds allotted until next year.
Bronson-Doherty has a son in sixth grade at Lakota, but so far, he has been mum on what kind of art he would like to see installed at school.
The state “is encouraging us to have something kids can relate to, but that adults can get something out of, too; something that impacts the entire community,” she said. “We certainly want (the art) to be something that other people see and adds to the concept that schools are public places and that they're welcoming.”
Latest news, top stories, and community events,
delivered to your inbox.
Trending Stories May 15 - May 22
Read the May 22
Green Edition
Browse the print edition page by page, including stories and ads.16th Annual Signature Fundraising EventTaste for a CureFriday, April 15, 2011Beverly Wilshire HotelHome | Back to ChefsDustin ClarkWildwood RestaurantChef Dustin Clark believes the Pacific Northwest is home to some of the best produce in the world. “When I spent three months traveling around Europe, I always compared it to the great fruits and vegetables in Oregon. Even the open-air markets in Nice on the coast of France didn’t measure up,” he says. Clark grew up in Pierre, South Dakota. Finding a limited culinary scope there he moved to Montpelier, Vermont and attend the New England Culinary Institute. As luck would have it, one of his externships led him to Portland, Oregon and ultimately, to Wildwood. Clark first worked at the renowned Portland restaurant, Zefiro, upon arrival to the Pacific Northwest. In typical Portland fashion, he worked two jobs for almost two years while getting his feet under him, also cooking at In Good Taste cooking school when it first opened. Wildwood soon offered an amazing opportunity to cook “from the source” as Chef Cory Schreiber put it, and Clark accepted. Originally scheduled to work pastry, he was moved to the wood oven and quickly earned the evening line cook position. Less than a year later, Clark was promoted to Sous Chef. Clark has been with Wildwood Restaurant since 1998. He has dedicated himself to the restaurant purely because of the concept: source the finest local ingredients, know your farmers, make lasting relationships, and the cuisine will always be more detailed than the final plate. Clark began collaborating with Schreiber on the menu in 2004, close to the restaurant’s 10th anniversary. Soon after, Clark assumed the Chef de Cuisine position in 2006. In 2007, Chef Schreiber moved on from Wildwood, and Clark was promoted to Executive Chef. Today, Clark creates weekly menus that take the Pacific Northwest cuisine Wildwood is known for to the next level. He elevates typical New American dishes by drawing on many different influences including Indian, Moroccan, Eastern European, French, and Italian. Clark involves his entire team in the culinary process, working with his sous chefs and cooks to constantly innovate and energize the menu.Parliament of Australia
House is not live
House of Representatives
Senate is not live
Senate
Current section pages
My Parliament
You are here:
Treaties tabled on 13 May and 2 supplementary submissions in the following list.
Australian Patriot Movement (PDF 196KB)
1.1 Supplementary to submission 1
Australian Patriot Movement (PDF 138KB)
1.2 Supplementary to submission 1
Australian Patriot Movement (PDF 137KB)
Foreign Prisoner Support Service (PDF 78KB)
Dr Ben Saul (PDF 34KB)
Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (PDF 11KB)
1.1 Supplementary to submission 1
Australian Patriot Movement (PDF 138KB)
1.2 Supplementary to submission 1
Australian Patriot Movement (PDF 137KB)
Back to topPoems (Coates 1916)/Volume II/To Hope
TO HOPE
GIVER and Gift!
Immortal one whom all unite to praise:
The young, who question not that clouds will lift,
Joy treading upon joy through all their days,—
The old, who cling the more tenaciously
To thy bright promises when most unblest,
Living from hour to hour debtors to thee,
Even for their dream of rest,—
Persuasive vision, wraithlike, pale!
Man's trust adoring ever doth caress
Thy insubstantial loveliness;
For even although
None may thy viewless habitation know,
Fondly the heart still follows from afar
The soft, alluring radiance of thy star,—
The light on earth that is the last to fail!
O wise enchantress who
Regret and disappointment dost redeem,—
With flattering pledges new
And brave forecast,
Binding the future to atone the past,—
Thine are the ministries whereby we live,
Inheritors of the Immortal Dream;
And though inconstant still thou seem,
Baffling and fugitive,
For these all thy betrayals we forgive.69-250 Waikoloa Beach Dr, South Kohala, HI 96738
No gf menu because the menu changes daily but staff is very knowledgable about what can be prepared gf. Food was great!
75-5683 Alii Dr, Kailua Kona, HI 96740
Gluten free menu, but food is so-so and overly complicated. Not a lot of gf fish options.(877) 462-6700
(760) 208-6500
Don't want to call?
Service Questions
Visit our Questions and Answers page
- Overview
Specifications:
- Gate Opening: 1.5 in. (38 mm)
- Major-Axis Strength: 56kN
- Gate Opening Strength: 21kN
- Minor-Axis Strength: 11kN
- Weight: 12.8 oz. (363 g)
- Length: 6 in. (152.4 mm)
- Width: 3.65 in. (92.7 mm)
- Description
The Omega 1/2 Inch XL Modified D Steel Screw-Lok NFPA Carabiner has the same D shape as the 7/16in Omega Pacific model, but with bigger material for increased strength. Same great handling and use characteristics but with a strength rating of 65kN (that's over 14,000 lbs). Like all Omega Pacific carabiners, every.Poll: Fine art 'a good investment'
The research found more than a third of people (35%) regarded paintings as a good long-term investment compared to just over a quarter (27%) who put their trust in the money markets.
The survey of 1,015 adults was commissioned by Artfinder, an online market place for selling art.
Artfinder boss Jonas Almgren said: "Art offers people the chance to buy something that they can enjoy for a long time and that can become part of their home, not just something to invest in.
"For those who are looking for advice on what to purchase for the long-term, limited edition prints, which can be snapped up for as little as £25 from a contemporary artist, could actually turn out to be as good an investment as buying oil paintings from unknown artists."
He said one of the biggest mistakes people made was buying art just as an investment, adding: "The art market is fickle, and it's not easy to buy and sell artworks quickly.
"So buy it because you love it and not because you feel you should."(The TV Version)
Forty-two year old Fletcher is a former Teddy Boy and native of North London's Muswell Hill.
An "habitual criminal", Fletch has spent many a year behind bars in the past, largely missing out on his three children growing up - the 14-year old Raymond, 19-year old Marion, and 24-year old Ingrid.
Long wise to the ways of the system and how to get by inside, Fletch copes by scoring "little victories" over the warders, be it an illicit spot of gambling or wangling himself a cushy job.
However, now forced to share a room with young Lennie Godber, Fletch seems to have discovered his true calling, quickly becoming a loving father figure to the young lad.
22 years old and engaged to Denise, whom he met in Birmingham's Bull Ring shopping centre, Godber's a somewhat naive and nervous first-time resident of the prison system.
A petty criminal who simply never had the chances to make anything of himself and fell into criminality, he's determined not to become a repeat resident of Her Majesty's Pleasure like Fletch.
Godber initially struggles to cope with life inside, but is soon soothed by Fletcher's hard-learnt methods for whiling away the hours, keeping busy and keeping his nose clean.
A former Drill Sergeant in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders 1st Battalion, Mr Mackay continues to exercise military precision and discipline on the landings of Slade Prison.
With his distinctive dulcet tones and sideways nod of the head, MacKay firmly believes in treating all prisoners equally - after all, each man is as despicable as the next!
Mackay's polar opposite on Slade's landings, Mr Barrowclough's relaxed approach to prison discipline reflects his belief that Slade's inmates are there to be rehabilitated and eventually sent on their way as useful members of society.
Consequently, his easygoing manner is often taken advantage of by prisoners determined to see their latest illicit scheme through to its conclusion. His relaxed approach extends to his marriage, which not even Fletcher's counsel can offer much hope for!
© 2015 British Comedy Guide. No reproduction without permission.November 9, 2011
By Tarren Bragdon
Abstract::
This paper examines the actual outcomes for each of these five stated objectives, as well a desirable sixth objective::
For fiscal year (FY) 2012, at least one plan is offering:.
The Statewide Reform does not include all of the policy recommendations resulting from this analysis of the Reform Pilot and the key lessons learned. As the legislature fine-tunes the Statewide Reform, it should consider:.More!
When I first heard the announcement of the collaboration, I confess the little girl in me who spent many nights belting “It’s not hard to see / the boy is mine” over my hairbrush was thrilled. Expectations were high.
The pair have reportedly been friends for years, so it’s actually surprising they haven’t laid down a track much sooner. Unfortunately, unlike their ‘98.
In a sense, the duet is Beyonce’s “Irreplacable” with two leads and more juvenile lyrics. This little girl of yesteryear will just keep hoping a better follow-up is in the works. Listen here:
“It All Belongs To Me” will appear on both Brandy’s upcoming album in the spring and Monica’s New Life due April 10.
What are your thoughts on the new duet, readers? Did it live up to the hype?
Read more on EW.com:?
Best New Artist Grammy winners over the past 25 years: Did they live up to their title?
R. Kelly returns with new single ‘Share My Love’: Hear it here!
The Music Mix recommends: Elle VarnerIf you don’t have any insulation, you’re probably losing about 26% of your heat through the roof and around 33% through the walls.
Different ways to heat your home
Gas central heating and electric storage systems heat homes in very different ways. It’s generally much cheaper to keep warm using a gas system – and help is sometimes available if you want to install central heating.
Gas boilers Systems.
Oil boilers.
Renewable energy
Find out more about how you can generate your own energy to heat your home. You could cut costs and carbon emissions by installing a solar power, heat pump or wood-fuelled system, for instance.
Managing your heat
Thermostats and Controls.
Fitting or upgrading central heating?
You may be able to get help with the cost. Call Home Energy Scotland from the Scottish Government free on 0808 808 2282 to find out what’s available to you.Crazy Benny told me that he wanted to be on that world wide interweb thing. He wanted everyone, everywhere to know that he is Crazy 4 Scrap and he’s at it again. He’s offering insane prices for your old junker. Drive it in, tow it in or teleport it for all he cares, just get it here. Wait, Oh No. Now he will even have it picked up. He must be crazy. This madness has to stop. Get that old truck, car, motorcycle, ATV, SUV or walker in here now before he realizes that he has lost his mind. Benny is crazy 4 scrap. I’ve heard that he sleeps with it under his pillow. If this keeps up there won’t be a piece of junk left anywhere. Soon he’ll be going after your old fridges and stoves. Wait; he already is. Fridges, stoves, washers, dryers; if it’s scrap he just has to have it. Car batteries, aluminum siding, copper wire, brass fittings and even your Granny’s old gold are all fair game to Crazy Benny the scrap hunter.
Stop the presses!!! Now Crazy Benny is begging for old tires. He says they remind him of his Grand Pappy’s glasses. What’s with that? He’s driving me crazy. I’ve brought him aluminum pop cans, old bar-b-ques, TV towers, bicycles, and every other piece of scrap metal that I can find and it still isn’t enough for him. He really is crazy 4 scrap. Can you imagine? He is giving away perfectly good cash money for old scrap metal. Oh. By the way my back 40 never looked so good.
Do yourself and everyone else a favour and bring your scrap into Crazy Benny’s yard or he just might show up in your neck of the woods and believe me you don’t want that.
Bronze, presently, has a scrap value of approximately $1,00 per pound. Some unenlightened folks scrapped this bronze sculpture!
This famous Henry Moore sculpture was presumably stolen recently and cut up for scrap; the value was approximately $1.00 per pound. Some folks held the opinion that this sculpture had a higher value as scrap than it did as art. It is true, however, that after 40 odd years it was cut up.
Faqs.org homepage
::
Abstracts index
Abstracts: Uniform accreditation standards for environmental labs advance at NELAC meeting. Army Corps closes regulatory loopholes for small wetlands fills
Abstracts: Uninformed consent. Potent alternative. T cells for brain cells
Abstracts: Unique, all-taxa survey in Costa Rica 'self-destructs.' (All-Taxa Biological Inventory) First global sequencing effort begins
Abstracts: Unity in transposition reactions. Resistance to Leishmania major in mice. Mariner sails into Leishmania
Abstracts: Universal bounds for overall properties of linear and nonlinear heterogeneous solids. High strain-rate, small strain response of a NiTi shape-memory alloy
Abstracts: Universal quantum simulators. Quantum hysteresis in molecular magnets. Theorists to the quantum mechanical wave: 'Get real.'
Abstracts: Universities as research joint venture partners: does size of the venture matter? The implementation of TQM in R&D
Abstracts: Universities struggle with the legacy of Apartheid. Elite science in a poor country. South African research comes in from the cold
Abstracts: University appointments scandal widens. University of the Philippines: propelling the nation towards globalization
Abstracts: University challenge. The big cell. Cooking on gas
Abstracts: University-industry technological collaboration in Singapore: emerging patterns and industry concerns. Competitive strategies of Asian high-tech firms: The challenge of late-industrialization
Abstracts: Unleash the bugs. Storm-o-matic. A battery's worst nightmare
Abstracts: Unlimited light: researchers make pulses that travel faster than light - sort of. Dream machine: hopes for a giant collider lie in a worldwide appeal
Abstracts: Unlocking the secrets of longevity genes. Zinc fingers: they play a part in regulating the activity of genes in many species, from yeast to humans. Fewer than 10 years ago no one knew they existed
Abstracts: Unmodified versus Caustics-Impregnated Carbons for Control of Hydrogen Sulfide Emissions from Sewage Treatment Plants
Abstracts: Unraveling the structure and Mechanism of acetyl-coenzyme a synthase. Polar attributes of supercritical carbon dioxide
Abstracts: Unresolvable endings: defective telomeres and failed separation. Telomeres draw a crowd at Toronto cancer meeting
Abstracts: Unruly sun emerges in solar observatory's first results. Gas clouds may be relics of creation. Hemoglobin reveals new role as blood pressure regulator
Abstracts: Unscrambling time in the fossil record. Does evolutionary history take million-year breaks? Did Darwin get it all right?
Abstracts: Unsettled scores: Has the black-white IQ gap narrowed?. The science of lasting happiness. Reaching in the dark: How babies learn that unseen toys don't just vanish
Abstracts: Update: Contract with America. Development decision soon on Arctic Wildlife Refuge? Infrastructure plans proliferate
Abstracts: Update. Discrete presence. Smart thinking
Abstracts: Upgrade to improve Arecibo's vision. Is the dark matter mystery solved? Erosion study finds high price for forgotten menace
Abstracts: Uprooting toxic waste, cheaply: saddled with poisoned real estate, one city turns to GM trees to mop up the mess
Abstracts: Uptake and elimination of triorganotin compounds by larval midge Chironomus riparius in the absence and presence of aldrich humic acid
Abstracts: Up to speed. From trials to triumph
Abstracts: Up to speed. Out of the blue. Managing progress: Keeping hold of staff after an MBA can be a problem for many companies
Abstracts: Uranium series disequilibrium and high thorium and radium enrichments in Karst formations. Occurrence and behavior of x-ray contrast media in sewage facilities and the aquatic environment
Abstracts: Uranium Uptake from Aquaeous Solution by Interaction with Goethite, Lepidocrocite, Muscovite, and Mackinawite: An X-ray absorption Spectroscopy Study
Abstracts: Urban heat island models may help states meet NOx air standards. Microprobe remotely monitors marine waters
Abstracts: Urban heat island models may help states meet NOx air standards. part 2 36Cl and 129I in the Yenisei, Kolyma, and Mackenzie rivers
Abstracts: Urban knowledge parks, knowledge cities and urban sustainability. Science cities: Their characteristics and future challenges
Abstracts: Urban rainforest: an African jungle comes to life on New York's west side. The plane that drove
Abstracts: U.S. and Europe close in on LHC deal. NIF ignites changes at Livermore. Key NASA lab under fire for animal care practices
Abstracts: U.S. base closures bring post-Cold War jitters. DOE's Y-12 plant eases into post-cold war role. Economics: a subdiscipline comes in from the cold
Abstracts: U.S., Colombia struggle over drugs, dirty money. Combinatorial chemistry and new drugs. E-money
Abstracts: Use of amphiphilic polymer particles for in situ extraction of sorbed phenanthrene from a contaminated aquifer material
Abstracts: Use of audio signals for chatter detection and control. A model of the sequential bending process for manufacturing simulation
Abstracts: Use of compound-specific stable isotope analysis to source anthropogenic natural gas-derived polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a lagoon sediment
Abstracts: Use of extraction disks for tracer enrichment of various pesticides from river water and simulated seawater samples followed by liquid chromatography-rapid scanning UV-visible and thermospray-mass spectrometry detection
Abstracts: Use of inverse solutions for residual stress measurements. Residual stress solution extrapolation for the slitting method using equilibrium constraints
Abstracts: Use of isotopic dilution techniques to assess the mobilization of nonlabile Cd by chelating agents in phytoremediation
Abstracts: Use of prior vaccinations for the development of new vaccines. Naked DNA points way to vaccines
Abstracts: Use of sensitivity analysis to compare chemical mechanisms for air-quality modeling. Photochemical modeling of the Southern California Air Quality Study
Abstracts: Use of stable isotope measurement to evaluate the origin of sulfur in gypsum layers on limestone buildings. Fuel rich sulfur capture in a combustion environment
Abstracts: Use of subsized specimen for evaluating the strength and fracture toughness of irradiated 2 1/4 Cr-1 M(subscript 0) steel
Abstracts: Use of sulfur isotope ratios to determine anthropogenic sulfur signals in a grassland ecosystem. Haze and sulfur emission trends in the Eastern United States
Abstracts: Use of UV spectroscopy to characterize the reaction between NOM and free chlorine. Solubilization rates of n-alkanes in micellar solutions of nonionic surfactants
Abstracts: User fees: who pays and how much? Attorneys' fees must be paid by unresponsive bidder who sued. 2000 management problems: Much more than just a computer problem, the year 2000 bug will cause managerial, legal and financial headaches of every strip in the next few years
Abstracts: User friendly. Computing regulations spur debate. The support and management of user computing in the 1990s
Abstracts: User selectable. Virtually ready: User inhibitions rather than technological limitations now prevent companies using virtual reality to streamline product development processes
Abstracts: Uses and Abuses of Tuskegee. On-line metrology. Hospital ERs on front line in informed-consent debate
Abstracts: Using 14C-labeled radiochemicals can cause experimental error in studies of the behavior of volatile organic compounds
Abstracts: Using embossing to create a fiber reinforced honeycomb composite. A computational model for predicting damage evolution in laminated composite plates
Abstracts: Using immunity to block conception. Making plants aluminum tolerant. Designing therapies that target tumor blood vessels
Abstracts: Using input-output analysis to estimate economy-wide discharges. Toxic emissions indices for green design and inventory
Abstracts: Using levoglucosan as a molecular marker for the long-range transport of biomass combustion aerosols. Unraveling the role of aerosols in climate change
Abstracts: Using price adjustment clauses to reduce risk. The enforceability of "pay when paid" clauses. A/E liability and design/build
Abstracts: Using solid-phase microextraction to determine partition coefficients to humic acids and bioavailable concentrations of hydrophobic chemicals
Abstracts: U.S. joins "science shop" movement. Putting museumgoers in scientists' shoes. An "off switch" for red blood cells
Abstracts: U.S. lags on birth control development. Wetlands trading is a loser's game, say ecologists. Genome center grants chosen
Abstracts: U.S. laureates stand out in paying tax. Antimatter hints at galactic turmoil. Electron mirror gives a clearer view
Abstracts: U.S. neutron scientists settle for less. U.S. power outage won't dim ITER. Republicans split over fate of the Department of Energy
Abstracts: U.S. nuclear cleanup shows signs of progress. Human estrogens linked to endocrine disruption. Titanium dioxide photocatalysis: treatment hype or hope?
Abstracts: U.S. nuclear power remains on hold. Nuclear power failure signals end of an era. Japan's nuclear power faces uncertain future
Abstracts: U.S. oil and gas fields double in size. Missing chunk of North America found in Argentina. Why the West stands tall
Abstracts: U.S. research effort steers new course. Science and technology in post-Cold War era. Cooperation, competition, and science policy
Abstracts: U.S. retreat at the Earth Summit. Managing the future. In search of balance
Abstracts: U.S. Sanctions Block People But Not Goods From India. Behaviorists Listen In as Animals Call and Croak. Getting to the Front of the Bus
Abstracts: U.S. seeks to rebuild battered inner cities. Enterprise renaissance revitalizes Newark, N.J. U.S. urban areas seek new paths to prosperity
Abstracts: U.S. students perform below average on international math and problem-solving test. Fast action solves traffic nightmare in Connecticut
Abstracts: US technological competitiveness in the global economy: a survey Organization as a central component of technological policies
Abstracts: US technological competitiveness in the global economy: a survey part 2 The role of knowledge management in R&D: A survey of Danish R&D leaders' perceptions and beliefs
Abstracts: U.S. tells CERN to wait for support. CERN's LHC gets the go-ahead. Report takes aim at 50 new projects
Abstracts: Utility deregulation, air deposition may make NOx the acid rain of the 1990s. Are regulators relying on inaccurate industrial air emission inventories?
Abstracts: Utilization of biomass residues for the remediation of metal-polluted soils. Structural changes in a dissolved soil humic acid during photochemical degradation processes under O2 and N2 atmosphere
Abstracts: UV acceptance. High-performance steel cuts costs on bridge project. Gaining project acceptance
Abstracts: UV-B screening by tropospheric ozone: implications for the National Ambient Air Quality Standard. Science, uncertainty, and EPA's new ozone standards
Abstracts: UV photolysis of nitrate: effects of natural organic matter and dissolved inorganic carbon and implications for UV water disinfection
Abstracts: Vaccination for disease. New lessons for rotavirus vaccines. Measles battle loses potent weapon
Abstracts: Vaccination with a synthetic zona pellucida peptide produces long-term contraception in female mice. The new paths to preventing ulcers
Abstracts: Vaccines for Ebola. Alleviating Alzheimer's. Managing melanoma
Abstracts: Valuing investments in intellectual capital. Organizational requirements definition for intellectual capital management
Abstracts: Vanadium as an integral marker to evaluate microbial degradation of crude oil. Fate of crude oil by the combination of photooxidation and biodegradation
Abstracts: Vaporization of Polycyclic Aromatic Hydrocarbons (PAHs) from Sediments at Ambient Conditions. Pyrogenic polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in oil burn residues
Abstracts: Vaporizing the gathering storm. Schwarzenegger declares state of emergency for California levees. The big uneasy
Abstracts: Varmus Defends E-biomed Proposal Prepares to Push Ahead. E-biomed Morphs to E-biosci, Focus Shifts to Reviewed Papers
Abstracts: Varmus grilled over breach of embryo research ban. Imanishi-Kari ruling slams ORI. Fraudbuster ends hunger strike
Abstracts: Varmus proposes to scrap the RAC. NIH Clinical Center gets a boost. Varmus puts his stamp on NIH
Abstracts: Varmus tapped to head NIH. NIH escapes the ax - for now. Varmus orders up review of the science of gene therapy
Abstracts: Varmus tapped to head NIH. Varmus opposition raises anxieties. Bernadine Healy bows out
Abstracts: Vascular stents: Expanding use. Two technologies shine. The future of digital entertainment
Abstracts: Vehicle Infrastructure Integration test beds planned for Detroit. Sacramento utility to improve river area
Abstracts: Venter wins sequencing race - twice. Bacterial genome sequence bagged. Getting the bugs worked out
Abstracts: Venture capitalists push designer drug start-ups. The pipeline is leaking women all the way along. Y chromosome shows that Adam was an African
Abstracts: VentureStar: 21st century space shuttle. Choppers to the rescue. Cellphone
Abstracts: Venture team human capital and absorptive capacity in high technology new ventures. Bay-to-bay strategic alliances: the network linkages between Taiwan and the US venture capital industries [1]
Abstracts: Venus de seismo. Scaled-Up Darkness: COULD A SINGLE DARK MATTER PARTICLE BE LIGHT-YEARS WIDE? WAS EINSTEIN RIGHT? Unlike nearly all his contemporaries, Albert Einstein thought quantum mechanics would give way to a classical theory. Some researchers nowadays are inclined to agree
Abstracts: Venus revealed. Global climatic change on Mars. Global climate change on Venus
Abstracts: Verdict rendered. Blocking the tide. Professional deja vu? No indeed
«
previous page
next page
»
This website is not affiliated with document authors or copyright owners. This page is provided for informational purposes only. Unintentional errors are possible.Rabobank Strategist Forecasts Single Serve Coffee Market to Mushroom to $8 Billion AVT designed coffee kiosks are benefiting from rapid market growth
CORONA, Calif., May 5, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- AVT, Inc. (OTC Markets: AVTC) (), a leader in custom kiosks, vending machines, and automated retailing units, commented today on the findings of Rabobank International, which forecast the single service coffee market to more than double within the next few years.
As reported by Vending Times, global beverage strategist Ross Colbert of Rabobank International shared his forecast with operators attending the National Automatic Merchandising Association Coffee Tea & Water show in Nashville.
Rabobank, a global leader in food and agribusiness financing, has many clients from the coffee service, roasting and consumer packaged goods segments, including giants like Aramark, Green Mountain Coffee, and Kraft Foods. These relationships give it deep insight into the coffee market.
Colbert reported that Rabobank forecast the market segment would reach $8 billion by 2017, mushrooming to two and a half times its 2012 size.
Colbert identified several factors driving global coffee demand, among them is a shift to gourmet coffee in the "Away-From-Home" market.
Growth in coffee demand is focused on differentiation, quality and "premiumization," he said. Consumers also place high value on fair trade, health benefits, organic, and details on coffee origins. Moreover, consumer preference for convenience and quality are driving growth in the coffee market, he added.
"Our Marley Coffee Automated Kiosks represent the type of quality, convenience, and brand values that consumers are seeking," Shannon Illingworth, Founder and Chairman of AVT stated. "Marley Coffee's gourmet blends, organic farming methods, fair trade ethics, and high standards for quality are what distinguish our kiosks, and why they are gaining popularity across the nation."
"Expect more mergers and acquisitions," Colbert concluded. "A lot of private-equity investors are excited about coffee… with good reason."
For more information on AVT, call (877) 424-3663, or visit:.
For more information on Marley Coffee Automated Stores, visit:
Read the Vending Times article, at:
Connect with AVT on Facebook at:
Follow AVT on Twitter at:
ABOUT AVT:
AVT is a publically traded company, ticker symbol AVTC, with a 15-year track record of success, innovation, and service. The company provides custom solutions to entrepreneurs, companies and brand owners seeking an automated platform to increase sales, expand distribution, control lift, lower overhead, and enhance brand awareness.
For more information, visit:
SOURCE AVT, Inc.
RELATED LINKSI’ve been particularly active in the market as we’ve continued to see drops in all the major indexes on a daily basis. I’ve injected quite a bit of fresh capital into my portfolio over the last week or so, and perhaps I made those moves a little early. But that assumption really depends on your perspective. I look at every share I purchase in a publicly traded company as an additional piece of ownership, because that’s essentially what stocks are – pieces of ownership in a business. So, I’m simply buying a percentage of future profits with today’s money, and by doing so I’m delaying gratification in exchange for a return on my money. Obviously, the cheaper each share is the better off I am as I can then purchase a larger percentage of a business for the same amount of money.. I just don’t think an individual investor should hang their head low because a stock they purchased dips multiple percentage points soon afterward. I advocate purchasing quality companies at attractive long-term prices, not trying to time the market. Time, not timing, will always be your best friend as a long-term value-based dividend growth investor.
As part of my Recent Buy series, I try to let my readers know of any equities I purchase soon after the transaction is completed. This is just one way I try to document my progress toward early retirement and financial independence.
I purchased 50 shares of Vodafone Group PLC (VOD) on 11/9/12 for $26.25 per share. This adds to my current position, that was at 100 shares before this addition.
I decided to invest further capital into Vodafone for a number of reasons. They are the second biggest wireless telecommunications company in the world, and they operate on a global scale with majority or joint control in 22 countries. The lack of any significant landline business is attractive, as I believe the shift to wireless communications is permanent. The timing of my purchase was a bit ill, as VOD has slid further since my purchase. I decided to buy shares when I did because I believe VOD was being punished due to the uncertainty over a Verizon Wireless dividend, as VOD only owns 45% of this joint-venture. I anticipated another dividend to be paid out to parents Verizon Communications (VZ) and Vodafone (VOD), which I was correct about. Vodafone will receive $3.83 billion from Verizon Wireless, in the form of a special dividend.
What I didn’t anticipate, however, was particularly weak operations in southern Europe, particularly Italy and Spain. VOD reported a loss for the first half of 2012, reflecting revenue loss and large impairments. The strength of Verizon Wireless operations, and the special dividend, certainly helps, but does not quell all.
VOD is targeting a 7% growth rate in the dividend on an annual basis, which is particularly attractive considering what is already a high yield. They have already raised their interim dividend from 3.05 pence to 3.27 pence per ordinary share (1 ADR is 10 ordinary shares), which is a 7.2% raise. The final dividend will likely be announced in the summer of 2013. Taking the new interim dividend, and the last known final dividend and using current exchange rates, VOD yields 6% right now. That is not factoring in any special dividend from the Verizon Wireless venture, which was a nice surprise last year. That yield is also not factoring a raise on the final dividend, which will likely come to fruition. As of now, VOD has only announced a 1.5 billion pounds share buyback program with the monies received from Verizon Wireless.
These new VOD shares will add $75.46 to my annual dividend total based on today’s exchange rates. Overall, I’m quite happy with this purchase. VOD provides a service that is becoming increasingly ubiquitous in everyday life. People are starting to consider their smart phones and tablets a necessity, and no longer a luxury. VOD has a fairly strong balance sheet, and has a management team that is very shareholder friendly. Shares are on the rocks right now, after revenue loss and weak European operations, so this is a great time to scoop up shares for the long-term. I think this is a fundamentally sound business that is just having a tough year in a rocky macroeconomic environment. I’ll continue to monitor this holding and see how new services, like its new Red plans, add to revenue. If shares continue to slide I’d be interested in adding to my position further.
With this addition, I still have 29 positions in my portfolio as I was already long VOD.
Some analyst opinions on my recent purchase:
*Morningstar currently rates VOD as a 4/5 star valuation.
*S&P currently rates VOD as a 4/5 star Buy.
I’ll update my Freedom Fund in early December to reflect my recent addition.
Full Disclosure: Long VOD
What are you buying?
Thanks for reading.
Looks like a great long term buy. I’m currently adding to Reits and utilities. I see real estate continuing to improve. Utilities are not very exciting but I use them as core holdings.
I do have a question. When multiple companies within your portfolio are going down in price, how do you decide which one to add to? I am only able to add a couple hundred bucks at a time so I can’t add to every company that is dropping. So, do you add to the position that has dropped the most or do you add to the largest yield? Do you choose the company that has the largest percentage of dividend growth?
Do you have an objective method for doing this? I’m not referring to adding a new position. There are many companies I would like to add to my portfolio so in a down market, I just look for the biggest bargain in the companies I’ve been watching.
Thanks!
Steve
Steve,
Great question there.
I don’t really have a “system” per se. I look at many criteria. I look at yield, DGR, relative performance to a major index and allocation in my portfolio.
For instance, I’m well under-allocated to KO right now. I’m looking for every excuse in the book to add to it, but I just can’t find a good reason with the valuation being as high as it is right now.
PM is starting to become very attractive. I’ve held off on adding more because it’s such a large portion of my portfolio, and I didn’t want to over-allocate myself to one company. If it continues to fall, I’ll be compelled to buy more.
MCD is an extremely high quality company, the yield is solid, the DGR is high, the balance sheet is relatively strong, and my allocation wasn’t as large as I wanted..so that one had all the ingredients.
Same with NSC. It was underperforming the indexes by a large margin, had a great entry yield, high DGR, solid business operations, good fundamentals, great valuation and I wasn’t over-allocated to it. So, I added.
VOD is another that checked off a lot of the things I look for when I want to add to a position. It’s now about as large as I’d like it, in terms of allocation as a % of my portfolio, so it would have to fall significantly for me to add now.
INTC is another solid value play that I’ve been resistant to add to because I already own 170 shares.
So, I look at valuation, yield, underperformance and all the fundamentals. But I also look to see where companies “fit” in my portfolio and whether adding to a position makes sense.
Hope that helps?
Best wishes!
Hello DM,
Great buy! however have you considered owning VZ instead of VOD?
Thanks.
Anonymous,
I consider VZ a significantly weaker pick to VOD, overall.
It has a lower yield, lower dividend growth rate, weaker balance sheet, more exposure to fixed line business and lack of geographical diversification.
Just my take on it.
Best wishes!
Nice buy! If I had capital right now, VOD would also be my choice. I picked up MCD a few weeks back as well.
Outside of the usual suspects, I also like the dips the utilities have been seeing. In particular, DUK and SO. What are you thoughts on these?
I know AAPL isn’t really considered a dividend growth stock atm, but it’s so cheap right now, it’s getting a bit difficult to ignore. Before the recent decline, most people/analysts were assured they would blow out Q4 earnings.
Happy hunting!
FI Fighter,
I don’t really follow Apple. I’m a little concerned that as soon as margins are hit and the growth rate slows down, they’ll come crashing to Earth. We’ll see what happens with that one.
I’ve been looking at utilities a little bit lately. They have come down from their highs at the end of last year/beginning of this year. 2011 was really strong for that sector, and utilities as a group have been weak lately. SO is definitely one of the leaders there, so I’ll have to take another look at that one. The only thing I might be concerned about with SO is their heavy reliance on coal-fired plants. There is obviously a fundamental shift away from that, which will be expensive in the short-term.
I currently only own UNS and AVA in this space. I might be interested in adding to those two or initiating a position with a third utility. WM, in my opinion, would also fit in this category. I do like the high yield with these names!
Best regards.
Great buy. I’m thinking of adding to my current position. The current price is very attractive. With the current exchange rate, the recent dividend increase is over 10% in US currency!
ADY,
Thanks for adding that! I didn’t mention the fact that the raise was that high when factoring in the exchange rate. I try not to consider the exchange rate too much, as that can swing for or against you depending on the day, policy and market sentiment.
I think VOD will be a strong play in the long-term. We’ll see how the short-term plays out, however.
Best wishes!
I bought VOD on November 10th for 26.55/sh. I have since read that they will not do a special dividend this time around. I like the prospects for this company, and I think it is a better move than VZ. I also own T and FTE. T has done me well, but FTE has suffered.
Good luck with your portfolio!
Anonymous,
Thanks for the well wishes! Much appreciated. I wish the same for you.
Yes, it appears the VZW dividend will be used to initiate a share buyback and the rest will be absorbed into the business. VOD could certainly use that cash after the impairments and losses from their European operations. I actually like this move, personally. Times like these, with a rough H1, demands prudence and a long-term perspective. I’m okay with management not paying out that cash if it keeps the company strong and allows them to continue paying, and raising, the regular dividend…which is quite hefty in its own regard.
Take care!
Nice buy DM!
Get your shopping list together, the market is starting to offer some attractive buy points! Among the names I like: PM, MO, KMI, CVX, MCD, and INTC.
Have you looked at LNCO?
cheers!
Accumulating Assets,
I like your list there. I find all those names attractive right now. PM and MO have had quite a drop lately, and I find both quite attractive. MO has a monster yield, but the secular decline in their only market is a bit concerning. If CVX breaks below $100, I’ll be very interested in adding. KMI is very nice, and of course MCD is quite attractive right now.
I’d be buying INTC in large blocks if I didn’t already own 170 shares. That doesn’t necessarily preclude me from buying more, but I don’t want that position to be too large. I’m really not that big of a fan of tech.
I’ve looked at LNCO. I actually ran through the entire shareholder presentation recently. I like the yield, and it certainly makes owning an MLP (LINE) extremely easy now that they have a normal corporate structure in LNCO. I’m not sure what to think of it. They aren’t a dividend growth story, but the fact that they held the dividend static during the massive NG drop is saying a lot for their strength. I don’t totally feel comfortable with it, so right now I’m out. That may change.
Best wishes!
Good one man! The yield on VOD is spectacular and I really like its geographical diversification. I don’t follow the day to day news on this company, but I do come across it once in a while when reading about AT&T and Verizon. T and VZ don’t offer the same level of dividend growth. 7% DGR on something with a 6% yield is really good.
The dividend machine keeps rolling. You’re going to set all kinds of personal records next year! It’s exciting to follow what you’re doing.
Compounding Income,
Thanks for following along. It’s exciting to post the updates!
VOD does have a very nice yield, and the strong growth rate makes this holding very attractive. The revenue troubles due to southern Europe weakness provides some potentially significant short-term headwinds, but I still think this is a winner long-term.
Best wishes!
Nice buy here. I’ve been waiting to get a chance to pick up VOD at the current prices and of course it finally dips back down and I have all of $50 currently that I can use to buy something and that’s no going to happen.
PIP,
I think you’ll have time to pick up VOD at current prices. I don’t see a rebound happening quickly, and think the mid-$25 level will be around for a while after the rough H1.
Best regards.
VOD is definitely in an interesting position these days. I’m sure it will turn out ok, but I’m pretty concerned with European valuations right now. I attended a presentation by Fitch Ratings earlier this week and they said the implications of further austerity measures and/or a Eurozone breakup will have massive negative credit rating impacts. Companies that can relocate and aren’t exposed to government subsidies/regulation will be best off. They said their view of US ratings is stable, especially for companies without European exposure.
Headed Home,
Europe, European companies and companies with significant European exposure are all troubling right now. The problem is that many of the big multinationals (PM, KO, PEP, etc.) all have a pretty decent exposure to Europe, so many will suffer while Europe writhes.
However, this will eventually play out. How long it will take, nobody knows. Maybe the euro goes away, maybe it’s saved. Who knows. What I do know is that people living in Europe will still need to live their everyday lives and will continue to work, live and consume as they always have. 20 years from now they’ll be doing even more of it, due to the fact that there will simply be more people on the planet.
VOD, among other companies, may struggle in the short-term. As long as I’m paid to wait with that hefty dividend I’m okay.
Take care!
i realise that there aren’t much discussion amongst dividend investors in america regarding how safe is the dividend cover.
VOD have a free cash flow of 2.2 bil pounds this half year. if its projected to be weaker next half that tops out to be 4.4 bil.
to pay that 6% yield they need at least around 5.1 bil pounds. now that doesn’t look very sustainable to me.
it have always been the case that the free cash flow sans verizon wireless can pay for the dividends, now they have to eat into at least 0.7 bil, and that means verizon wireless have to pay out if not no special dividends.
if you think my off hand figures are far off think about this. verizon wireless will pay 2.4 bil pounds to vod. they will use 1.5 bil to buy back shares, that leaves about 0.9 bil. which looks close to the 0.7 bil that i stated previously.
having a competitive model is good, but at the end of the day we look at cold hard facts.
if you want to know the future of telco, they are projected to shrink. what used to be a great business have become a commodity and compeition for vod is strife.
the best report is probably from telco2.0, which deals with… telcos!
Drizzt,
VOD has had weak numbers in 2012, no doubt about that. H1 was horrible, mostly due to weaker-than-expected demand for their services and products in Europe, specifically Spain and Italy. People have cut back on their wireless usage during the recession, and perhaps more so than VOD or analysts predicted.
The VZW dividend helps, and the share buyback will reduce share count, which will reduce the number of shares receiving that hefty dividend.
I think VOD is fine long-term, and FCF will go back to covering the dividend. I think that VZW dividend definitely calmed some fears inside this company.
VOD seems to have a pretty strong management team, and I think they recognize the short-term weakness and I do hope their moves, including less costly plans that have been rolled out, will help keep this a short-term problem and not a long-term problem.
Best wishes!
i want to believe that and in crisis u start seeing risks surfacing. it takes smart and well learned people to see if those risks are long term. the trend points to lower than expected FCF sadly.
I agree with your sentiments regarding market timing and investing for the long term. I’ve found myself also trying to add my portfolio right now, given the market over the last week or two. I keep thinking that it won’t stay down like this for too much longer and I’d really like to buy a few portfolio pieces while they are on sale.
Rising Returns,
Thanks for stopping by.
I definitely do not advocate market timing. Purchasing quality on sale, however, is always most welcome. I do believe the market will continue to show weakness as uncertainty regarding the Fiscal Cliff, and investors sell off positions due to questions about tax policy, will continue to keep the bears alive.
However, whether or not that all actually happens or not is impossible to predict and I don’t even try. I just continue to do what I do, as I have since I started this journey back in early 2010.
I hope you have fun shopping for stocks! People talk about stocking stuffers around the holidays. I’m talking about stuffing stocks…in my portfolio, that is! I may write an article with that title. That’s pretty good!
Best wishes.
i have a couple questions. is big dividend the biggest concern of yours? for instance I have a portfolio of about 15-20 companies, my average yield is only 2.78% but these are companies that are still growing, and growing their dividend fast, these are also well established companies and the average market cap of the 15-20 companies i believe is $97B
One example id like to give is you seem to really like NSC. I think NSC is a good company, but i think on a total return basis (which btw allows them to grow the dividend faster) UNP is a much better choice. they are more diversified (dont rely as much on coal), have a higher growth expectation, and are growing their dividend at a wonderful rate. im basically just curious why you have chosen NSC over UNP, is it strictly because NSC has a better dividend?
basically my portfolio of 15-20 companies looks a lot like yours, but has the UNPs of the world instead of NSCs and was wondering if dividend is your biggest qualifier
Took2Summit,
Great questions there. I think I can answer them all pretty efficiently.
So, first thing is that UNP is a high quality company. I wouldn’t mind owning UNP.
But, I chose NSC for a number of reasons.
First is valuation. NSC is trading for a much lower valuation just about any way you slice it. Price to earnings, book, sales and almost every other way to value NSC…it’s simply significantly cheaper than UNP. Now, you can say that’s because of NSC’s reliance on coal, but UNP isn’t exactly completely shielded from coal either. They ship a fair share of it as well.
Next is the dividend. Current yield is certainly not the end all be all when I’m considering an investment. I have many investments in my portfolio currently yielding less than 3% (KO, MDT). However, there is a LARGE discrepancy between UNP and NSC. Currently NSC is sporting a 3.55% yield. That’s pretty hefty if you ask me…especially from a railroad. UNP is currently yielding 2.35%. That’s a very, very significant difference in current yield. So, that does factor in and NSC has a large advantage there.
You mention the growth rate. Actually, NSC has the higher 10-year DGR. NSC has a 10-year DGR of 21.3%, and UNP has a 10-year DGR of 17%. UNP is accelerating those payouts, so it may soon overtake NSC in this department…but for now NSC wins this round as well.
I also look at length of dividend increases in terms of years. The longer the streak, the better. NSC wins here again with a 11-year streak of increasing dividends. UNP is second with 6 years.
So…looking at many factors I chose NSC. As NSC continues to trend lower it gets more and more attractive.
Again, I like UNP and wouldn’t mind owning it along with CSX. All are great businesses. But, I like a lower valuation which usually corresponds with a higher yield when choosing between similar businesses. Right now, UNP is just simply more expensive. Again, that is likely because NSC is heavily reliant on coal and UNP could grow faster from here.
That brings me to my final point. I’m a value investor, not a growth investor. I like safety of the dividend of course, and I avoid value traps. But, when a company that I’m confident will be around 50 years from now is suffering from short-term headwinds and getting knocked down in the market….I’ll chose value over growth every day.
Hope that helps.
Best wishes!
Nice purchase, DM. I also noticed the recent drop in VOD. On the one hand, the company is having some difficulties in Southern Europe that may persist for a while, but on the other hand, they are getting a nice influx of cash from Verizon Wireless. I think the company will probably continue to face some short-term headwinds, but as we both know, it’s important to maintain a long-term outlook. The announced dividend increase suggests that management has a positive long-term outlook.
DGM,
I agree completely. Short-term headwinds will likely continue to harm VOD’s operations, but looking out over the long-term this is still a fantastic company with a fantastic geographical footprint.
The cash from Verizon Wireless doesn’t hurt either. I tend to think this dividend will be annual, albeit unpredictable in its amount. Verizon needs it just as much as Vodafone.
We’ll see how this investment treats us. I’m perfectly okay with waiting a while for any share price appreciation. I’ll continue to collect that juicy dividend and build my position at a cheap price.
Best wishes!
Hey DM,
With President Obama’s re-election, how are you going to structure your dividend portfolio if and when the dividends get taxed at 39%?
Thanks in advance
Anonymous,
The 39% you speak of is assuming dividends are taxed at normal income rates, and that would be the top level. If that happens, which it very well may, then I’ll be nowhere near that level as I don’t make that much money. All said, the tax rate change will have little effect on me. Besides, when I’m living off my dividends we’re talking about less than $20k of income.
I plan on making no changes. If the market takes a significant dip due to the tax rate changes, then I’ll be buying even more if possible.
Best wishes!
I would have serious reservations when it comes to market timing. One method would be to generally increase your cash position when the age of a bull market become really long. Its rare for the market to not have a big correction once every four years or so. I am not a fan of the get all in or get all out crowd. Nobody is so very smart that they can get in at the bottom and out at the top. But market timing does not have to mean that at all.
Penny Stock Blog,
I’m not quite sure I understand your comment. I do not advocate market timing, as I buy dividend growth stocks every single month whether the market is up or down.
Best regards.
Good choices. I own both stocks and I think they will provide great return.
With respect to NSC, the market seems to be nervous about the drop in coal shipment. However, NSC raised its dividend twice in 2012. I doubt that the management would do that if they knew they would not be able to support the new payout. NSC is a diamond in the rough.
Cheers!
The Dividend Engineer,
Thanks for stopping by.
I agree with you. The reduction in coal shipments is a headwind, no doubt about it. But, railroads are still railroads and NSC is one of the best around. They are still an efficient method of moving goods across long distances and I anticipate that NSC management will pick up some of the coal slack with intermodal shipments.
NSC has had quite a dividend growth history over the last 10 years, and I don’t anticipate that growth level (over 20%) to continue. But, even if it were to remain around the 8-10% level I would be a very happy investor.
MCD is a global juggernaut. Small blips here and there are nothing but buying opportunities, in my opinion.
Best wishes!
Anyway i did an analysis of Vodafone recent results. not too much just trying to figure out if they can still pay out decently > Vodafone 6% yielder
Drizzt,
I’ll have to check out your analysis. I do think VOD can keep paying out that generous dividend for some time to come, even with weakness in southern Europe and other markets. If VZ keeps paying out the dividend, that will make the chances much higher. But, they can’t keep paying out forever if things continue this way, so I do hope that Europe rights the ship at some point in the near future.
Take care!by Keyboard Crumbs
Screenshots
Developer Notes
Simple Daydream for Android 4.2+ inspired by Google Nexus devices.
There are two animation style:
- Old ane "X" animation from Android 4.2
- New one colored dots animation from Android 4.4 KitKat
- Why the animation constantly disappears?
- It is done to prevent screen damage.Ever since Apple Apple Computers aired its “1984” commercial during that year’s Super Bowl, advertisers have tried to achieve a similar effect. No company that has run a Super Bowl ad since Apple’s ran almost 30 years ago has experienced a similar kind of growth; today, Apple is one of the world’s highest-valued companies and most popular brands. But one company that has purchased ad space for this year’s game may well have started changing that by the time a Super Bowl champion is crowned on Sunday night. And, like Apple, it’s doing it by taking on its much bigger competition.
SodaStream Pure Soda Maker Machine (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
SodaStream International is a developer, manufacturer, and marketer of at-home carbonated beverage-making machines and associated products that enable tap water to be turned into carbonated soft drinks and sparkling water. The machines are easy to use, on par with countertop coffeemakers. Their design originated more than a century ago, when Guy Hugh Gilbey, the famous British gin distiller, invented a machine for wealthy people who wanted to enjoy fizzy drinks at home. But it wasn’t until years and waves of technological change later, after SodaStream was bought out by Israeli firms, that the company experienced its rapid but steady expansion into now more than 40 countries around the world.
The United States is one of the countries where SodaStream markets its products. According to a Gallup poll, Americans know soda: almost one-half of the population drinks at least one glass of soda per day. But Americans don’t know SodaStream, save for a general few outside of Wall Street and despite its products being sold by big-name retailers including Walmart, Target Target, Costco, Bed Bath & Beyond, Macy’s, Crate & Barrel, Williams-Sonoma, and Wegman’s. That, however, won’t hold for long if viewers take to SodaStream’s ad that is set to air during the second half of the Super Bowl.
The ad shows different scenes in which thousands of off-the-shelf soda bottles spontaneously explode and disappear whenever people use a SodaStream machine. It’s a smart ad. But its real appeal may be in what is not being seen. That is, the ad to be aired during the game is not the one company executives originally hoped to use. That spot was reportedly rejected by CBS because it took shots at Coca-Cola and Pepsi, both long-time sponsors of the network and the Super Bowl.
The CBS decision followed a similar one late last year by television advertising officials in the United Kingdom. They decided to pull the scheduled airing of a SodaStream ad that was deemed too disparaging to the bottled soft drink companies. As news of the controversy made the rounds, the number of views of the ad on Google Inc.’s YouTube quickly surged from 100,000 to more than 2 million.
The ads are certainly having a “Streisand Effect,” where the active obstruction of the ads has the unintended consequence of popularizing them. And SodaStream may be getting a rise out of big beverage, big media, and big government executives, though company officials insist that they don’t set out to create negative buzz. But beyond edgy ads, is there any real cause for concern for big bottlers?
It’s unlikely that SodaStream’s ads will lead millions of people to suddenly stop buying products from Coca-Cola, Pepsi, and other big soft drink makers. That would require a series of behavioral changes among soft drink consumers—and at a magnitude that is anyway several years in the making. But that may be exactly what makes SodaStream’s ad campaign a reasonable cause for concern for big bottlers.
To begin with, there has been a declining number of soda drinkers since the mid-2000s. Some of this is because companies of all sizes have put products to market and expanded the variety of available drink choices. Some of it is because of a shift towards more health-conscious drink options (or, in some cases, options that consumers believe are healthier than soda.) And plans like the one led by New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg that ban certain sizes of sugary drinks could lead to drops in off-the-shelf soda consumption.
Coca-Cola (Photo credit: Wikipedia)
But there is also another factor: SodaStream is disrupting the soft drinks market by focusing on bottlers and “hitting them where they ain’t.” Its happening in three ways:
- Growing demand for consumer choice. SodaStream is touting the availability of more than 60 “sodamix” choices that cover everything from standard regular and diet flavors to varieties of Country Time, Crystal Light, and Kool-Aid products. But marketing materials don’t pitch drink flavors as the most important attribute. The bottling—or lack thereof—is the defining feature. Ironically, this is along the lines of what Coca-Cola did almost a century ago with the introduction of its signature contour bottle.
- Growing demand for living more sustainably. Coca-Cola introduced its proprietary bottle before the advent of plastic bottling. A main reason for doing it was to provide customers with the assurance that the drink they were buying was authentic. That demand still exists today, but it is now more of an expectation. The demand that has picked-up pace in the public conscience over the past quarter century is for programs, policies, and products that conserve and protect the natural environment. SodaStream gets at that through the reduction of plastic bottle usage.
- Growing demand for innovation. SodaStream’s main products are, effectively, kitchen appliances. But if things work out as company executives and people in the R&D department are planning, SodaStream will be accessible wherever there is a water line.
If these factors aren’t enough, consider that over the past twenty-five years, soft drinks, fruit juices, and sports drinks have become part of one industry. They are no longer separate industries, each with their own markets. There is, however, increasing segmentation in the markets and increasing overlap between them—and it’s all gone global. According to the conventional wisdom, this should push companies in the industry to get big but diversified. But the conventional wisdom is wrong. What is actually needed is a focus on organizing the entire business on one product range or on one market—much like Apple has done to great effect going on thirty years.
For these reasons alone, SodaStream is a threat to the positions of companies of giants such as Coca-Cola and Pepsi. But unlike what happens to their bottles in SodaStream ads, big bottlers are not going to all-of-a-sudden explode and disappear. The fact is, their products remain too well-known and too widely-available. But they are going to look different than they do today. Existing challenges, ranging from the environment to health care to consumers’ unique personal choices, demand it.speaker at the december UFT meeting [Archive] - Fly Fishing Forum Fly Fishing Forum > Open Forum > Worldwide Flyfishing Discussion > speaker at the december UFT meeting PDA : speaker at the december UFT meeting tomd12-01-2000, 08:09 PMdoes anyone know who'll be speaking at the UFT meeting in December? Squidhound12-03-2000, 05:00 PM"BIG" Mike was supposed to be the speaker .... unless that has changed. I have not rec'd my Dec. newsletter yet but have an old one. Rich tomd12-03-2000, 09:18 PMThanks Squidhound Lefty12-04-2000, 07:44 AMTom, Didn't get me flyer yet. Anyone else get the newsletter? Terry jared12-04-2000, 08:34 AMdidn't get mine neither...but we are indeed presenting Senor Martinek...you can always check the "finally functioning, but under ongoing construction" UFT website...unitedflytyers.org anybody going from the board?? stop by and say hello! --jared grego12-04-2000, 09:27 AMYes, I was planning on attending. No News Letter means no material lists for patterns, so I guess I will be completely unprepaired, Again! BTW: UFT Link: <a href="" target="_blank"><!--auto--></a><!--auto--> jared12-04-2000, 09:32 AMGrego -- well, i'm doing a soft-hackled deceiver...any combos of white, chartruese, or black. hook: 2-2/0 saddle hackle marabou mallard flank flash of choice thread to match color Squidhound12-04-2000, 10:40 AMIs the new UFT website going to replace the newsletter? Is the website going to add features.... like maybe an on-line Roundtable Magazine? Your thoughts are appreciated! Rich jared12-04-2000, 10:51 AMRich -- the website will not replace the newsletter...the current plan is to perhaps put up some of the old issues (perhaps from the previous season) at some point... if you have suggestions for features for the website, please contact the webmaster. --jared grego12-04-2000, 01:41 PMJared, Thanks man! What the %^*# is "mallard flank" (you can tell I'm a fly tying new-be & honest about it!) As far as the UFT Web-site goes, posting the material lists may be a good idea? isoh12-04-2000, 01:45 PMjust a guess, but flank feathers from a mallard duck? jared12-04-2000, 01:51 PMAl -- you "the man" -- give yourself a ceegar... Grego -- don't worry, I'm sure there'll be enough to go around...besides, somebody may be tying something of more interest to you anyway! the recipes on the website is an interesting idea...shall pass it along. thanks! jared grego12-04-2000, 08:45 PMJared, yes pass along the material list idea. OK wise guy Al, I guessed the mallard duck part, but I was confused by the "flank" part. Is the flank of a bird the wing (I guess no), or the feathers from the side of the body, like a flake steak (I guess yes), or something else completely? isoh12-04-2000, 10:07 PMSorry, didn't mean to be a wise guy, Greg. Flank feathers are from the side as the name implies. (I'm not sure if wing feathers are used in tying?) Flank feathers are in counter distinction to breast or neck feathers and are prized for their water resistence in dry fly and classic salmon patterns. I found this gem:<!--http--><a href="" target="_blank"> fly tying terms</a><!--url--> Under F for flank we find, <blockquote><hr> "<b>Flank Feather:</b> Feathers found on the sides, either over, under or behind the base of the wings of birds" <hr></blockquote> grego12-05-2000, 06:38 AMThanks for the reference Site Al! Lefty12-05-2000, 08:02 AMGot my UFT Flyer in the mail yesterday. Grego: see me if you need it. Terry tomd12-05-2000, 08:09 AMis big Mike still the speaker? jared12-05-2000, 08:18 AMTom -- Martinek will indeed be the speaker. --jared jared12-07-2000, 10:53 AMSO....is anybody else going to be there tonight?? --jared Lefty12-07-2000, 11:02 AMI'm going to try. We're in crunch mode at work. So if things go well I will make the Martinek talk. It starts at 8:00 right? I probably won't be able to tie unless things change and I get home early. Terry juro12-07-2000, 11:09 AMI have an obligation to my youngest daughter, which is important enough to miss the company Xmas party, work on the site, or just about anything else - tonight. With regrets, I will miss it again this month. Have a great time and I will block off next month... on my family calendar! (doing it on my office calendar doesn't seem to work tomd12-07-2000, 11:36 AMLOL... gotta love it!!! I just got the newsletter! I'll be there Jared! Tom D vBulletin® v3.8.7, Copyright ©2000-2015, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.How-To Geek
Ask the Readers: How Do You Enjoy Your Music on the Go?
You’re on the move but your home stereo system isn’t–thankfully you’ve got the right gear to keep the tunes flowing while you’re away from home. This week we’re interested in hearing about how you enjoy your music away from home.
Whether you’re using a streaming service that syncs your playlists, a great app to import your iTunes library to your Android phone, or any other number of techno-savvy ways to never find yourself without an appropriate soundtrack, we want to hear about it.
Sound off in the comments with your mobile music workflow and check back in on Friday for the What You Said roundup. (Note: Given the wide variety of mobile devices out there, if you tell us that you use the ABC-123a it would help your fellow readers a lot if you included a little note indicating that it was an Android-based phone or stand-alone MP3 player you were talking about!)
Google Music – Galaxy Nexus. All my music…everywhere. With 4G / WiFi it’s nearly flawless IMHO.
I enjoy it uncompresses & through a pair of Sony MDR-7506
Zune Pass: Windows Phone, Windows desktop and laptop, any browser at zune.net: Unlimited downloading and streaming: synced playlists
There’s not much more I need to say
On the road, I typically attach my Android smart phone to my in-dash receiver, via a simple 3.5 mm headphone cord. It’s just a cheap JVC, but bless whomever decided to install that jack on the front of my stereo! Now I’m only limited by the size of the Android’s microSD card, or the number of microSD cards I want to carry with me. Kinda fun, telling friends to bring any music they want to hear on a microSD card (or I can swap in the one from their phone), but they can also Dropbox/Skydrive/Google Drive the music files, and I’ll play it from there, as well.
That said, this only works well if I either stick to cities and interstate highways (for a good 3G signal), or if I download the files to my Android before leaving. There are many places in BFE Michigan, where the signal isn’t nearly good enough to download music files, and voice conversations are fragmented at best.
I occasionally use Pandora, but when it’s just for my personal listening I use my android phone with the built in music player, and Bose headphones (as an audio engineer, I will never touch those awful headphones called beats). When I’m doing a gig, I use a variety of different computer programs listed below:
When working for any event where I have to cue music, sound effects, etc; but don’t have a continuous playlist (such as cuing backing tracks for theater groups), I use either WinAmp or Multiplay. WinAmp for a basic playlist is all I need, and is much more tried and proven than Multiplay (and I like the GUI better). If I need hot keys, need to adjust volume as I’m using the playlist (for the next performance, etc.) I use Multiplay. It is getting better and better over the years (I believe they come out with a new version each month), it is a portable app (unlike WinAmp), and is starting to be as stable as the other options out there. In the past it wasn’t extremely stable. I will just mention too for audio editing, the best open source program is Audacity (but I’m sure everyone has already seen and used that).
When I have a continus playlist (such as if I DJ… which is not very often… just for friends since I do not like DJing) I use WinAmp with an extra plug in for automatically crossfading between decks. (WinAmp Auto Crossfader or WACF for short)
Just my input as an audio engineer. ;)
I use Spotify on the iPhone.
I have most of my CDs ripped to high quality mp3s on my computers (it’s a slow, ongoing process since I’m anal and also scan the album “jackets”). When I’m on the road, I keep roughly 30 hours of mp3s in my truck on CDs in its 6 CD changer; my next truck will have a USB port that will allow me to keep way more tunes on a mini USB stick. Now that I have a notebook instead of the netbooks I used to travel with, I keep all my tunes on it and can listen to them using a USB sound bar to bypass the ridiculous built in speakers (the sound bar isn’t great but it’s compact and sounds way better than the notebook’s horrible speakers).
I haven’t felt a need for a portable music player, like an iPod (not that I would ever buy or use an Apple product), so far. Being a flatulent geriatric, I grew up without being connected 24/7 to an electronic umbilical cord and see no need for one now. Sometimes, silence is golden.
loud
I use a Cowon D2+ and the Ogg Vorbis codec for a bit better audio quality through Sony professional line MDR-7506 headphones. For podcasts (TWiT, Car Talk), though, I use Google Listen on my Galaxy Nexus. For music I prefer the quality. For podcasts, having a network connection so that it updates itself is worth the loss in quality, and it is just news or entertainment, and not music anyway.
I use MP3 320 for music on my iPod touch 8GB (played using Panamp). On my HP TouchPad 32GB, I use a combination of MP3 320 and FLAC (played using the Apollo music app on CM9).
98% of my music are Amazon MP3 that I enjoy in my car via my Galaxy Player 3.6.
I use Audiogalaxy to stream my home music to my Android and iOS devices.
I have a few ways to listen to music on the go. outside of listening to the radio i keep my phone connected via Aux. input and use either Pandora, Amazon MP3 or Audiogalaxy.
I love having the option to stream a personalized radio station (pandora) when i’m in the mood for just listening a wider variety of music.
I’ve been buying my music through Amazon MP3 as of late which is great since anything you buy digital through them is put in unlimited storage. so i can access all of them though the app.
Audiogalaxy is by far my favorite though. it allows me to stream all my music from my online media pc at home (which i also download my purchases from Amazon to). i love having access to everything i own practically anywhere i am. This also allows you to listen to your music through a browser as well.
I’ve got a 16GB Sony Walkman, loaded with 320kbs MP3 files.
Earphones vary, alas. I do have a good set of cans, but don’t bring them with me (size is a factor). I found an amazing set of Phillips in-ear ‘phones that have good sound that I use quite frequently.
I have a 45 minute commute each way. I stream Google Music from my android through bluetooth, but I hit my 3gig soft limit every month.
While at work I still stream google music through my beats audio headset (birthday present from my wife).
I use a Dell XPS – with built in jbl speakers and a Audio-Technica ATH-M50 headphones.
All my portable devices use Bluetooth … Truck radio, Headsets, Portable Speakers . No Wires Allowed !!!
For those days I’d want to keep my entire collection with me:
120GB iPod classic -> FiiO E1 -> AKG K240 Studio
For the days when i need to travel light:
Motorola Droid 3 (with Poweramp) -> AKG K240 Studio
Also, I avoid iTunes like the plague, so I use a bunch of different applications.
Zune to listen to music, foobar2000 for tagging and conversion and SharePod for syncing my iPod.
EARPHONES IN, “RECENTLY ADDED PLAYLIST”. SO JUST NEW SICK SONGS! chyeahhhhh.
Default Android music player and Skullcandy earbuds on my Motorola Droid.
I have an actual zune. Tje original brown one. And a zune pass.
ipod nano + beats by dre studio hd = perfect combination
Simply
It’s free, has apps for both Android i O S.
Also allows bit rate control based on connection type.
I have most if my favorite tunes on my IPhone 4 32Gb.About 12Gb of music so I’m never without a soundtrack wherever I’m at.Headphone wise I use a simple Samsung in-ear headphone connected to my phone via a Sony Ericsson MH-100 Bluetooth adapter.I carry these with me all the time.
Upto 320 kbps music, my Dell XPS15 or Lumia 900 through a Fiio E6, and Audio Technica ATH-M50. I don’t use any streaming service, just occasional Spotify for discovering new music. Media player of choice is good old Windows Media Player for it’s superior “Now Playing”, but Zune also is in the scenery after starting to use Windows Phone. Use YouTube to listen to music I tagged using Soundhound/Shazam/Bing music search.
3 different ways.
* Creative Zen Vision:M 60G player when out and about and weight doesn’t matter
* Nokia N800 with 8GB music-only SDHC (it holds 2) when hiking and is easy to switch out.
* If I’ve forgotten or left the other options, there are data CDs with MP3 files in the car – the CDplayer has MP3 capabilities
I do not stream music on the go. Everyplace that I’ve worked the last 12+ yrs has blocked streaming.
In the late 1990s and earlier 2000s, I ripped a fairly large CD audio collection. It took multiple years to accomplish. At the time, HDDs weren’t tool large, so most of the files were put onto data CDs (20 are in the car center console today). When HDDs became larger, I bought more and more and more of them. A 300GB HDD is dedicated as an offline backup of the ripped collection. It is organized like I’ve spelled out in a comment here previously, in a /Genre/Artist/Album/ folder structure. Not having organization can be disastrous should a single directory entry become corrupted on the file system, plus having hundreds or thousands of files in a single directory definitely does slow down access.
Many yrs ago, I placed the music that I liked most onto that 60G Zen. I’ve gotten fantastic value from it even not using it for a few yrs at all. Lately, I find it just as great as before in the car with a long battery life, great sound and plenty of room so I don’t get bored. It has traveled the world with me and kept me happy on overseas flights with no chance of the battery dying. It is filled with music, but also has books on tape and podcasts manually added – I can’t automatically sync to it since the source collection is much, much, much larger. It requires a cable and is relatively slow at copy time, however.
The N800 is a multi-purpose tiny Linux computer based on Debian. To sync stiff there, I use rsync+ssh over wifi. I can push or pull. At the same time, I push my KeePassX data files over to it daily, automatically. It uses cheaper full-sized SDHC, but because cards with larger memory amounts weren’t available when it came out, those may or may not work inside. I love that if a card is formatted with a Linux file system, then programs can easily be stored and run from it as well as data. This N800 has taken abuse like no other device I have. It has been with me as a GPS all over the Earth hiking thousands of miles. It tethers to a real GPS, not A-GPS which is worthless in many parts of the world. Swapping batteries is 15 seconds. Swapping either of the 2 SDHC memory cards is less.
I should have bought an N900 when they were available, I really should have. *Android is not the same*.
Got all my tunes, podcasts and audio books on a 120 GB iPod. I like having all my music at my fingertips.
In my car I use the built in usb port to play mp3s from my Android phone or use the 3.5mm jack to stream from Google Music, where I have all of my mp3s stored. At my work computer I usually use Spotify.
I have an Android Phone (HTC EVO 4G LTE) that I keep some music on (MP3s) when I’ve got little to no reception and have Google Music and Pandora for the car. Fortunately, I have directv which also has Pandora and lets me stream music as well as connects to my laptop to play the music I have stored there.
I will never use “the cloud” to store my music let alone any other of my data. Thus, I ripped all my CDs to mp3-files and store them on my desktop. For in-car audio I used to burn CD’s but I’ll switch to a new radio with SD-slot/USB-port soon. If not in my car I have a selection of music on my HTC legend. It took a while to find a player on Android that does what I want. I am more than happy now with Mort Music Player – folder based playback. BTW – on the desktop it’s audacious on xubuntu / winamp for Win7.
I leave myself with a few options.
Android phone plugged in through AUX to my car, a flash drive that must be taken inside to be updated, and if I want, I can renew my Sirius XM to listen to in my car.
My music bought on CDs are all ripped and uploaded to Google Music as well as a few bought from google and downloaded from various locations online. (Like youtube musicians that leave links to mediafire of their work.) It also contains a huge collection of MLP fan music that was distributed by torrent – which I regret because of their obsession with DUBSTEP with mislabeled genres like the word “Awesome”.
I also have the XiiaLite app on my phone but haven’t really found anything other than Celestia Radio and Everfree Radio. (both pony music – I switch to my flash drive if these start playing any dubstep.)
Some mornings I might listen to KISS Morning Freak Show on the local radio / iHeartRadio since they can be funny. But the music played on there can get stale after just a few days.
Before my trial for siriusxm ran out I would listen to Alt Nation alot. (Punk is the greatest.)
My flash drive contains Andrew WK, ArtificalFear (does LOZ metal remixes on youtube), Balloon Party (bought after hearing 1 song – the rest turned out to be boring old dubstep that makes me drowsy behind the wheel), FamilyJules7x (classic videogame remixes), a little of LivingTombstone’s non-dubstep work (look up his Discord song – everyone seems to like it), Green Day, NOFX, a handful of punk albums with various artists (these mix up the general tone of things), The Homeless People (you’ve probably never heard of them), and a few misc. songs.
My car tends to forget how suffle is supposed to work – remembered when I tried to show my dealer, then forgot again. (Stupid proprietary audio system!)
Always in the car.
JVC headunit with full iphone support
+ a mid range audio setup in the car consisting of pioneer speakers and a 1000w fusion sub,
HTC wildfire with 16GB extension with Spotify full membership on it – can download and store playlists for playing offline on the go, have also used it with the phone’s mobile data connection to stream live from Spotify with no problems.
Also use DI radio for streaming electronica channels off mobile data connection, works fine.
I use Grooveshark to stream music through my phone. The app has become a lot better over the past year.
We don’t have Google Music, Pandora or Spotify here in Sri Lanka. So my only option is to play local music. For that I use the default player on my HTC Wildfire S together with a 3rd party equalizer and a pair of SkullCandy earbuds. I just manually move them (music files) from my Ubuntu PC.
Ive been testing Subsonic on my android phone and it is actually pretty good! You host all your music/videos/pictures and it allows you to stream it to your device. Pretty slick but you need to donate to subsonic to allow video streaming. I dont stream videos much but it is tempting!
Using the app called “Dropbox” I got 50 gb Free with my Sansung Galaxy S3 and I use that to listen to and upload and download music and also I use “Sound Hound” to Identify music –
-rKiller
I have everything ripped to mp3’s on my HD…DB Poweramp is the greatest ripping engine out there…
Then I play music thru my computer…put songs on USB flash drives to play in my truck Alpine reciever…
And I have an older Sony Walkman…the series before the current Walkman, which I prefer because
it supports bluetooth…and I have 3 different sets of bluetooth headsets…
Whether I’m switching between laptop & PC — or on-the-go with my arsenal of Android devices, I always make sure I have GrooveShark with me 24/7 (even when sleeping!)
It’s a great way to keep track & discover music even when “discover” means getting lost in Taipei, or wandering Metro Manila. Installed in a water-proof phone (xperia active) – yes… queue “I can make it through the rain” :-D
2 rockboxed Sansas, in case one battery dies and some extra high cap micro sd cards to change the channel with. Rain, snow, dust or mud those things take a beating, haven’t been able to kill one yet.
Vmoda crossfade lp one of the best brands of my opinion 50 mm drivers basically indestrutoble. Paired with my ipod shuffle 2nd gen for great batterylife and mobility!
I am boring. I just have an iPod Touch that can connect to my car stereo. If I forget my iPod, my stereo in the car can also connect to my phone which has Pandora.
Mp3 on my android tablet
use to use apple touch, but i no longer use anything by apple
I keep my iPhone 4S loaded with my favorites, but I also have an 8GB USB stick plugged into my Bluetooth car stereo for the old standbys that I don’t keep on my phone.
I don’t.
If I walking or cycling, I need my ears to hear what’s around me so I don’t get hit by something heavier than me moving faster than I am.
Anyone who walks around deaf to the world around them by their own choice is as good as a zombie, and we all know how to deal with zombies…
I use SubSonic and port forward through my router. All my tunes anyplace I have a connection.
I just turn on the radio, then crank the volume, no need for anything else as long as there are radio stations.
On the road is the only place I DO my music! My raggedy old Samsung Captivate with its root, custom rom and Supercurio’s Voodoo Sound carries all the mp3s I enjoy. I just plug it into the car stereo through the standard 3mm jack, turn the volume to full on Rocket Player (which lets me change songs from the lock screen), use the car’s player to control the main volume, and I’m shuffled up and good to go for hours and hours.
My music collection is so large that my Xperia P’s mobile storage is nowhere near to filling my Music thirst. So I uploaded all my songs to both Box and Dropbox and listen to them via Cloudaround Music Player. A neat looking app good on performance and features.
For my on-the-go musical needs I use my Samsung Galaxy Nexus with a pair of Sony XBA-1 earphones to listen to my music, which is mostly encoded in FLAC or 320kbps MP3 files.
Rhapsody across all my devices
My home Theater / Stereo consists of a 3 display setup full of Milkdrop goodness dancing to the sound of a crystal clear surround sound system.
I try to keep my PAN wire free by utilizing Bluetooth.
Hardware:
HTC EVO 4g LTE
MotoRoKR portable BT Speaker
Motorola S10-HD BT Stereo Headphones
ikross BT to 3.5mm audio for my car
Software:
Pandora
Google Music
Tunein Radio
Winamp
iPod (obviously)
I use audiogalaxy. It frees up my phone from music and I can stream all my music from my home pc, nearly 50,000 songs to choose from. I can also get it online when I like. All I need is internet connection and I am set.
When Limewire was still active, I downloaded about 1800 songs from the ’50s and ’60s and have them, saved on my mobile computer harddrive. When I am traveling, I have my DeLorme GPS running on the computer and I have my music playing in the background through the car cassette player (yes, I still use cassette players) with a computer speaker to cassette adapter available from any electronic supply department for about $10. System works fine. Many newer radios have a speaker input plug installed that allows the same process with a different cord. There are also wireless output devices that can connect to the computer and tune the radio to a certain frequency and play computer output on the car radio wirelessly if a person is a wireless geek.
Motorola Photon, added 16 gig … one of music folder of ~ 8 gigs… MOTOROLA T505 ROKR, Bluetooth to FM Radio… ( of course hands free and many other cell phone features )
Strong transmitter, can park 6 cars in a circle and crank all on same MP3.by putting all radios on same fm chan.. Car rides are a blast.. Battery life on T505 excellent. Can take T505 in house and DJ a party through FM stereo system…. Hide T505 in pocket,, go to in friends car…. Voice order his radio to stop, play change song back up…( while i push the buttons on the phone and make all that happen…)
I have raised my quality requirements and moved to more expensive gears. I have my collection in Flac format and do not want to convert it to mp3 every time I want to have a new playlist.
I use Colorfly player – expensive, large and clumsy to use but excellent sound quality. My headset is Ultimate Ears Ear-In monitors or Bose Quietcomfort in case I am traveling
In some rare cases I can use Spotify through my mobile phone
Expensive set but there is no way back…
For music collection I use Foobar 2000 and it is Flac only
Google Music – I download any playlists I know I will use frequently to my device on home wifi.
3.5mm jack from android phone straight into my car radio. to my multiple speakers and big sub.
i also use headphones (for pc gaming but still have pretty sick sound) for around home
i have something like 2000 songs on my droid mostly rock and roll from the 70’s to early 90’s that gets pumped up LOUD
i use walkman.Hotel Paradise Costa Taurito - All Inclusive - Puerto Rico
Calle Alcazaba, 1 Playa de Taurito - Puerto Rico1-877-662-6988
Hotel Paradise Costa Taurito - All Inclusive offers all-inclusive resort accommodation in the Playa de Mogan - Puerto Rico area.
If you are in need of rest and relaxation you can find spa services, a fitness center and a sauna on offer. Don't forget your swimming goggles and swimsuit as this all-inclusive resort features an outdoor pool. Your 4 star Playa de Mogan - Puerto Rico all-inclusive resort in Mogan offers outdoor tennis courts, gift shops/newsstands and an area shuttle. Fancy sipping an ice-cold drink by the pool? Don't miss out as there is also a poolside bar. Multilingual staff at the 24-hour front desk can provide tour/ticket assistance.
The lobby area has a TV so you can keep up-to-date on all the news. Wi-Fi is available for a fee. The all-inclusive resort has a meeting room available for hire. Other amenities include an elevator (lift), a garden and concierge services.
We show TripAdvisor reviews for new Venere hotels that haven't been reviewed yet
Check Availability at Hotel Paradise Costa Taurito - All Inclusive
Breakfast at Hotel Paradise Costa Taurito - All Inclusive
A free buffet breakfast is available between 8 AM and 10:30 AM.
Resort Facilities at Paradise Costa Taurito
- Lift/elevator
- Gift shop
- Garden
- Gym
- Tennis court
- Outdoor swimming pool
- Pool bar
- Restaurant/Dining
- Multilingual staff
- Front desk - 24 hour
- Concierge
- Luggage room
- City tour
- Night club
- Internet/Email services
- TV Lounge
- Sauna
- Meeting Room
- Shuttle service
- Private parking 6 per day (rates may vary)
- Fee for wireless Internet in public areas: EUR 6 per day (rates may vary)
- Fee for high-speed Internet (wired) in public areas: EUR 4 per hour (rates may vary)
- Self parking fee: EUR 5 per day
The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to.
Hotel Paradise Costa Taurito - All Inclusive is also known as
Paradise Costa Taurito Hotel Mogan
Paradise Costa Taurito Hotel
Costa Taurito Mogan
Costa Taurito Hotel
Costa Taurito
Room Details
Book your all-inclusive accommodation at Hotel Paradise Costa Taurito - All Inclusive, offering 96 guest rooms with furnished balconies. Satellite TV channels offer entertainment at the end of a busy day. Business travelers visiting the Playa de Mogan - Puerto Rico area will have access to wireless high-speed Internet access (charges apply) as well as desks and safes.
Every room comes with an ensuite bathroom. Refrigerators and hair dryers are supplied in each room to facilitate basic travel needs. Rooms also include air conditioning and blackout drapes/curtains.
Accommodation Services
- Air conditioning
- Mini fridge
- Hairdryer in each room
- Safe
- Desk
- Terrace/Balcony
- Satellite TV
- Wireless Internet access
- Dial-up Internet access
Distances from Resort Paradise Costa TauritoLago Taurito Water Park - 0.2 km / 0.1 mi
Mogan Port - 1.6 km / 1 mi
Amadores Beach - 4 km / 2.5 mi
Palmitos Park - 13.2 km / 8.2 mi
Aqualand Maspalomas - 14.9 km / 9.3 mi
Meloneras Beach - 15.9 km / 9.9 mi
Maspalomas Golf Course - 17.1 km / 10.6 mi
Maspalomas Dunes - 17.2 km / 10.7 mi
Maspalomas Lighthouse - 17.5 km / 10.9 mi
Yumbo Shopping Center - 18.3 km / 11.4 mi
CITA Shopping Center - 18.8 km / 11.7 mi
Kasbah Shopping Center - 18.9 km / 11.7 mi
Maspalomas Beach - 18.9 km / 11.8 mi
Las Burras Beach - 20.2 km / 12.5 mi
Playa de San Agustin - 20.2 km / 12.6 mi
The preferred airport for Hotel Paradise Costa Taurito - All Inclusive is Las Palmas (LPA-Gran Canaria) - 37.9 km / 23.5 mi.
Distances are calculated in a straight line from the property's location to the point of interest or airport and may not reflect actual travel distance.
Distances are displayed to the nearest 0.1 km and mile.
Transportation services Hotel Paradise Costa Taurito - All Inclusive
- Shuttle service
- Private parking
We have the accommodation you need, all over the world
-
-Brazilian Koa
One look and it’s easy to see why Brazilian Koa is often called Tigerwood. Its distinctive orange coloring and brown/black striping make it one of the most unique and exotic species available on the market today. And its...view this floor
Not Found
The resource could not be found.Goldstar Member’s Event Journal
Comedian Cecily Strong
Friday August 9, 2013 / 10:15pmComedian Cecily Strong
3 tickets
General Admission Complimentary
How was your experience?
Cecily Strong And Friends was like watching a Sat Nite Live Show was better than anticipated had a blast ! The service for food and drinks were surprisingly fast and will definitely be back for a different event here.Palmyra Area High School students will most likely pass up homerooms at the beginning of the school day starting next semester.
Instead, they will go directly to their first period classes, freeing up a half-hour period at the end of every Wednesday to get extra help for their academics.
Palmyra Area High School Principal Ben Ruby presented a plan to the school board Thursday night. He said he spent last year studying the high school's master schedule to see if there should be any changes. He decided to keep block scheduling more or less how it is, but decided one thing that was missing was opportunity for remediation. There are no study halls in the current schedule.
By eliminating homeroom, the district could save three minutes in the room and another four minutes that students spend moving to their first-period class. With some adjustments, that would free up a half-hour a week for remediation or study hall without reducing instructional time, Ruby said.
School board members will vote on the plan at their next regular meeting, but seemed pleased with the concept during the curriculum committee meeting.
Ruby said he would also run the idea past the parent advisory committee and student council.
“There is no such thing as a perfect schedule,” Ruby said.Luke Bryan On ‘America’s Got Talent’ And ‘The View’
Photo by Michael Loccisano/Getty Images
Country music’s Entertainer of the Year Luke Bryan will be all over your TV next week. The singer will perform on the finale of NBC’s hit show America’s Got Talent, and then make his way to ABC‘s The View to co-host.
NBC has confirmed the two part America’s Got Talent finale will begin on Sept. 17 with the final performances in the chance to win a $1 million grand prize and a headlining show in Las Vegas.
The next night at the results show on Sept. 18, Luke Bryan will hit the stage along with Josh Groban and more stars during the two-hour grand finale.
The two-hour finale airs Thursday, Sept. 18 from 9-11pm ET.
That won’t be the last stop for the country singer. ABC confirmed that on the very next day, Sept.19, Luke will appear on The View as a guest host alongside Barbara Walters, Whoopi Goldberg, Sherri Shepherd and new co-host Jenny McCarthy.Altman's mitochondrial stain is one try, a well differentiated iron hematoxylin also gives good results. Good fixation is important and you may find that a treatment with potassium dichromate helps. Some enzyme methods will work but you might need fresh frozen tissue? "Elaine Dooley (by way of Histonet)" wrote: > Dear Histonetters, > > Are there any immunostains or histochemical stains you would recommend for > staining mitochondria? > > Elaine Dooley > Shands Teaching Hospital > Gainesville **********************************************Key Benefits
Claim Process
FAQs
Student Medical Insurance: An Informative Guide
Studying at a foreign university is not just a dream come true for the student but for the entire family. This opportunity is offered to a select few who clear competitive exams like TOEFL, SAT, GRE, GMAT and others. Students prepare meticulously for these exams and reap benefits when they are selected at their desired university.
However, there is no end to anxiety when it comes to leaving behind one's home country even for pursuing a dream. A challenging course, an unknown environment, a diverse culture – the list can be quite daunting.
While it is not possible to address all concerns, adverse situations entailing a financial impact can be tackled by opting for Student Medical Insurance. These plans protect students from financial losses arising out of eventualities concerned with their health, stay, and travel abroad.
The need for a Student Medical Insurance is felt to safeguard students against unforeseen expenditures that may arise due to medical mishaps while the student is in a foreign land. Medical conditions can emerge due to a change in the environment, lifestyle, mental stress, sports activities, and various other causes. It is pertinent to note here that, the cost of treating a medical condition in a foreign land is much higher than that in India.
Besides covering health related costs, student plans also reimburse costs related to non-medical exigencies, thereby checking unbudgeted expenses that could lead to financial setbacks.
Studying for a demanding course and living with people from a different culture is tough and Student Medical Insurance Plan eases the burden of medical and non-medical expenses is such a scenario.
In the United States, an average consultation fee to visit a doctor is around $250, which amounts to Rs. 15000.
In some countries including the United States of America, universities have made it compulsory for students to be adequately covered under insurance plans. In the United Kingdom, National Health Service (NHS) takes care of medical expenses based on student visa. However, it is prudent for students travelling to UK to purchase an insurance plan from India, so that they can avail medical facilities in private hospitals of UK and meet expenses of other exigencies that are not provided for under the NHS.
Note: Though Indian insurance plans are available in rupees, they provide coverage in dollars.
Mental peace for students and families is undoubtedly the biggest advantage of availing such plans. While students can concentrate on their studies, their family back home can live without having to worry about monetary hurdles abroad.
The fact that most universities have mandated student insurance makes availing one all the more important. The advantage in this case is to opt for a domestic insurer that meets the criteria set by foreign universities. Though foreign universities offer insurance covers, they are extremely expensive when compared with domestic policies.
Columbia University's basic health plan provides a cover of $3,00,000 with an annual premium of $2,175. If we convert the amount to Indian rupees at the rate of Rs. 60/dollar we get an amount of Rs. 1,29,420. Comparatively, ICICI Lombard's Gold Plus Insurance Plan offers a cover of $5,00,000 at an annual premium of Rs. 46,851. Thus, by availing this domestic policy, one can avail an additional cover of $2,00,000 by paying Rs. 82,569 less.
• Cashless Medical Treatment - Avail cashless claim settlement in case of hospitalization by accessing the user-friendly Third Party Administrator (TPA) through 24 X 7 helpline numbers.
• Reimbursementof Health Expenses - This policy provides for medical expenses if a student falls ill. Out-patient/in-patient charges, prescribed treatment or medical aid and suggested diagnostic tests are covered.
• Transportation Cost - Expenses incurred for transportation to hospital or the nearest physician are covered along with costs incurred for evacuating the student to India for prescribed treatment.
• Pre-existing Medical Condition - Under specific plans, compensation is also provided to administer life saving treatment for pre-existing medical conditions.
• Personal Accident – Personal accidents specific to the loss or disability of the function of a limb or organ are compensated.
• Loss Of Belongings During Travel – Loss of baggage and passport can lead to paranoia and expenses. Emergency purchases, cost of items lost, etc. is covered under the insurance policy.
• Study Interruption – This compensates for the tuition fees paid owing to discontinuation of studies due to hospitalization for more than one month or death of an immediate family member.
• Personal Liability and Bail Bond – Designed keeping in mind the safety of students amidst a vagarious campus life, travel plans offer a specific amount as bail, in case of detention for a bailable offense. It also provides compensation in a scenario where the student becomes legally liable to a third party.
• Two-way Compassionate Visit – If the student is hospitalized for more than 7 days, insurance plans offer financial aid for accommodation and travel of a family member. Similarly, the plan also aids the student's visit to India on similar compassionate grounds.
• Sponsor Protection – The tuition fees for the remaining period of education shall be reimbursed, up to maximum specified Sum Insured, in case of death of the student's sponsor.
Health Benefits
Specific Health and Family Benefits
Travel and Other Benefits
Comprehensive Student Travel / Medical Insurance Plan: At a Glance
Policy Benefits
• 1/3rd Cost: Purchase the policy in Indian currency and get cover at 1/3rd the cost of purchasing it in a foreign location.
• Specific Requirements: Opt for tailor-made plans to meet requirements stipulated by foreign university and seek waiver from the compulsory university insurance.
• Substitutability: ICICI Lombard’s plans are accepted by major foreign universities as a replacement for their compulsory insurance.
• Strong Partnership: Partnership with healthcare provider United Health International and Europ Assistance provides access to superlative medical facilities.
• Unparalleled Service: Vast network of hospitals, online policy extension and quick cashless claim settlement offer students an unparalleled service.
• No Health Check-up: Medical check-up is not required for obtaining a student insurance plan.
• Premium Refund: You can opt for a refund of the premium paid within 30 days of availing the policy in case your university does not grant a waiver. However, refunds are available only if no expenses have been claimed under the plan.
• Two - year Plans: Students can opt for a 2 – year cover i.e. policy period of 730 days to secure their entire study period abroad with zero-renewals.
• Easy Extensions: Online renewals up to 3 months in advance make extensions an easy affair for one year plans. Students no longer need to wait or be prepared for policy expiry dates.
Students in the age group of 16-35 years can avail any of these plans to suit their requirement:
Student Medical Insurance Plans cannot prevent emergencies abroad but can minimize the financial risks faced by a student and ensure a hassle-free study trip. Leave your worries behind by opting for one.
Read More Student Insurance Articles
Webinar
Video - Know your University.Suppose the speed of light is 35 mi/h .A paper girl girl riding abicycle at 22mi/h throws a rolled up newspaper in the forwarddirection, as show in fig. if the paper is thrown with a speedof 19mi/h relative to the bike , what is the speed , v, withrespect to the ground.
Murder charge over body-in-car
NICOLE MATHEWSON, DEIDRE MUSSEN, JOELLE DALLY AND BLAIR ENSORNICOLE MATHEWSON, DEIDRE MUSSEN, JOELLE DALLY AND BLAIR ENSOR
Police say this Nissan Terrano vehicle was involved in the attack on the two tourists and is believed to be linked to an earlier homicide in Christchurch. They are asking anyone who saw it on Saturday to contact them.
Relevant offers
LATEST: would be charged with murder and sexual violation in relation to the death of Christchurch community support worker Amy Elizabeth Farrall, 24.
He would also face one charge of aggravated robbery, one charge of wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm, and charges of failing to stop and reckless driving over the West Coast attack on two hitchhikers..
HELP POURS IN FOR HITCHHIKERS
Members of the public have offered their support to the two female hitchhikers now recovering in Christchurch Hospital.
A German woman and woman of Japanese and Dutch origin were seriously injured while hitchhiking between Whataroa amd Franz Joseph on Sunday.
A Christchurch Hospital spokeswoman said the two women were both in stable conditions this morning. She was not sure how long they would need to stay at the hospital.
Members of the public had sent the women gifts while they were undergoing initial treatment at Greymouth Hospital.
The women were transferred to Christchurch late on Monday and police hoped to speak to them further today.
The hospital spokeswoman said the hitchhikers were given various gifts, including teddies, by people wanting to show their support.
Hospital staff also held a collection for the women, and a "lovely older man" from Ashburton donated money.
A local tourism group in the Franz Josef area had also offered to show the women "the sights", if they wanted to go back, the spokeswoman said.
ARRESTED MAN ONLY IN CHRISTCHURCH A SHORT TIME
A 38-year-old man was arrested in relation to the attack following a 90-minute police chase and five-hour standoff in South Westland overnight Sunday..
SUPPORT WORKER VALUED BY COLLEAGUES
Farrall, a 24-year-old community support worker for Richmond Services, was reported missing on Saturday and a search began..
HITCHHIKERS 'TRUSTING'Posts by author:
2014 May
Parade the Circle film Photography Special Exhibition Cleveland Paul Gauguin: Paris behind the scenes Gauguin treasures of heaven international African Art Caravaggio Video Exhibition The Cleveland Museum of Art Education Art of the American Indians: The Thaw Collection conservation Collection guest artists Events wari interview this week at cma community arts visitors museum performing arts art exhibitions five things happening this week music #get2knowcaravaggio playlists university circle audio Contemporary Art textiles senufo curatorSorry, this item is currently
Out Of Stock
Our Top Recommendations
HN-VKR492 Vickerman
Bayport Pre-lit LED Balsam Christmas TreeItem # HN-VKR492
- Available in a variety of sizes
- Beautiful, medium shaped fir tree with PE/PVC tips
- Number of tips ranges from 2308 to 8108
- Number of bulbs ranges from 675 to 2205
- Gracious green pre-lit Christmas tree
Images
Full Description
Specifications
Bayport Pre-lit LED Balsam Christmas Tree
0
Spruce up your Christmas celebrations with this natural looking tree, the Bayport Pre-lit LED Balsam Christmas Tree. This specially designed Christmas tree is made of PE/PVC which makes it durable and fire retardant. It has a strong four legged base that makes it stable. It is pre-lit with LED lights which give out the effect of sparkling stars. Available in heights that vary from 7.5 feet to 14 feet, it has a base width that ranges from 51 inches to 71 inches and 2308 to 8108 tips.Specifications fo- 
NP War
Star War is a 2D space shooting game (like xsoldier) based on ClanLib. It's avaiable for Linux, Win32 and BeOS1 weekly downloads
The Free Pascal for BeOS initiative
An initiative to support and extend the Free Pascal compiler on the BeOS, and create a objects library to allow the creation of graphical user applications.1 weekly downloads
Themis
Themis will be a thoroughly modern web browser taking advantage of BeOS' features where it can. Currently, it is planned to use OpenSSL, and use the translation kit to view images
Walther-Fido package for BeOS
A set of programs for working in FidoNet under BeOS.1 weekly downloads
Whitespace development IDE
wspacegen is an interactive IDE for programing with whitespace (). So it's possible to create .ws code relative easily and debug it as well. But attention, you'll addicted to it (-:1 weekly downloads
XMPP/BeOS Talk1 weekly downloads YasirsJunkyard
A collection of small BeOS programs and plugins
interwave-beos
A BeOS driver for AMD InterWave-based sound cards. The Gravis Ultrasound PnP was the most popular of these
APSDFAll Platform Simple Database Format
This project has the aim of making a small user-friendly database format for the user that can be used on any platform with the main focus being PDAs
BEL4KA
This is a new operating system contains beos environment for L4: ka microkernelWhitney Houston's final appearance came less than 48 hours before the pop icon's death. In a heartbreaking end to an epic, tragic Hollywood story, Houston performed 'Jesus Loves Me' at Thursday night's unplugged concert featuring Grammy nominee Kelly Price.
Houston was found dead Saturday afternoon in the bathtub of her Beverly Hilton hotel room just hours before she was scheduled to attend Clive Davis' annual Pre-Grammy party.
The clips featuring what appearas to be Houston's final live performance surfaced on YouTube hours after news of her death broke.
<---Watch the video of Whitney Houston's final performance here
The cause of Houston's death is still "under investigation".
Saturday night's Pre-Grammy party at the Beverly Hilton went on in spite of the death scene investigation going on a few floors above. Clive Davis, who discovered Houston, dedicated the evening to her memory.
The 2012 Grammy Awards will be held at the Nokia Theater in Downtown Los Angeles Sunday night.
Follow the LA Music Industry Examiner on Twitter
Suggested Links
- UPDATED: Whitney Houston news - singer overdosed before going under water
- Howard Stern Show Vacation Death Curse claims Whitney Houston
- Lindsay Lohan looks kind of old at amFAR benefit (PHOTOS)
- Maria Menounos loses Super Bowl bet, wears NY Giants bikini on EXTRA (PHOTOS)
- Howard Stern tweets semi nude shots of Christa Miller [PHOTOS]Any cultural phenomenon has its progeny, and The Matrix is no exception. That trilogy mixed science fiction, kung fu, and water-cooler philosophy into an intoxicating blend spiked with the latest in computer graphics. Fans were hooked, and even as the films tapered off toward dismal, they kept coming. Recently, a rash of movies have come out with clear ancestral links to The Matrix, some of which we could have done without and others, like the recent Russian import Night Watch, we should all be very grateful for.
Night Watch was adapted from a trilogy of novels by Sergei Lukyanenko, who also co-wrote the screenplay. It opened in Russia in the summer of 2004 and went on to become the highest-grossing film in post-Soviet history, earning over $15 million at the box office.
The film actually bears more resemblance to the ongoing Underworld series than to The Matrix, more neu-school horror film than science fiction. Both series are also plotted around a war, one that has raged for millennia, in which neither side is necessarily good or evil. This is deep stuff, people!
Night Watch opens looking sort of like a Capitol One commercial -- a lot of armor and smashing amid whirling cameras -- but it quickly displays wonderful wit and innovative special effects, which are doubly astonishing when you consider the film was done on a $5 million budget by director Timur Bekmambetov. What stands out is the way Bekmambetov mixes low-key interior cinematography with playful and imaginative FX, even turning the subtitles into part of the mise-en-scene.
The plot? Okay, there are these "Others," which is a catchall for any magical being, from seer to vampire to shape-shifting bear. When you find out you're one of them, you get to choose between Dark and Light, basically high-stakes kickball with the future of the world. Our hero Anton (Konstantin Khabensky) makes a big mistake early on in the film, which leads to his discovering he is an Other, and while he decides to side with the Light, it quickly becomes clear he is still expected to do dirty work.
While Anton struggles to get his act together, we are introduced to a series of larger-than-life prophecies, but the film always manages to stay in the moment. It has humor and a host of excellent supporting characters, especially the nefarious Zavulon, leader of the Dark Others, who spends his time at home endlessly replaying the film's final scene on his PlayStation until he gets it right.
Toward the end of the film, there is moment when Night Watch's central plot is suddenly and anti-climatically resolved. This momentary letdown is a ruse, however, a reminder that the film knows both scope and attention to detail. Like those nifty Russian dolls, it opens up even as it comes to a close. The sequel, Day Watch, opened in Russia in January and is due in America later, but this movie is so good that I'm hoping to use the magic of eBay to shorten that wait.Note: To protect the privacy of our members, e-mail addresses have been removed from the archived messages. As a result, some links may be broken.
From: Robin Phillips (rphillips_at_TeacherArtExchange)
Date: Mon Sep 28 2009 - 05:02:14 PDT
Dana,
I use plexiglass sheets donated by a parent and use dry erase markers. I use it with 6th graders and some of them find it hard to keep the marker from sliding around. All the lines are pretty shaky, but they get the idea. I have also used transparency sheets with a grid printed on them for other "seeing" exercises. They other thing that I use for viewfinders is stretcher strips assembled in a rectangle or square. With just a little modeling clay supporting them, they stay up on the tabletop.
I'd love to see your PowerPoints and whatever else you come up with. Thanks for sharing.
Robin in PA
Subject: Plastic Picture Plane
From: Dana Paternoster <thenatureofart@hotmail.com>
Date: Sun, 27 Sep 2009 20:20:30 -0400
X-Message-Number: 4.
_________________________________________________________________
---
To unsubscribe go toResults 1 to 2 of 2
full crower valvetrain parts and d16z6 head and d15b7 head + more parts LOOK!!
i have brand new in the box crower valvesprings and titanium retanors for d16z6 or d16y8 head----sold
there 320 bucks new ill sell em for 285 obo...there brand new dont lowball me
i have a used crower stage 2 cam and a keyway for a cam gear. will fit any sohc vtec head----- sold
240 obo for the cam
used d15b7 head with no problems...works great came off of my car ..head is compleate. 40 bucks obo---sold
used d15 b7 intake manifold with z6 injectors and fuel rail- 30 obo----still have
used d16z6 vtec head with vtec solinoid....compleate...80 obo
call or text 954 512 7365...ill deliver if gas is included...lmk whats good
Last edited by Alextrox69; 11-22-2010 at 12:38 PM.
im open to offors...lmk 954 512 7365
2006 acura rsx non type S
05-10-2015, 12:47 PM in CoupeDear members,
Thank you, NarutoBase Staff
The reason i made this thread is because people claim PS is an EMS jutsu. for my thoughts on that:
most claimed that PS is an EMS technique
before i start, there are some things i would like to point out. this is something i found on the net on other forum.
Observations:
(1) When Madara used his sent out his normal Susanoo, his eye assumed a normal EMS form.
(2) He could not use Rinnegan Preta Path to absorb Jinton while his EMS was activated, since his Rinnegan was not activated.
(3) Also previously, he has to switch to the Rinnegan before he could absorb Jinton. Of which, Susanoo dissipated when he did it.
(4) When he switched to the Rinnegan, his perfect Susanoo form was shown.
(5) Therefore I believe that the Rinnegan and the EMS are mutually exclusive of each other, AND the Susanoo Perfect form is actually a Rinnegan power, but it is probably usable only by people with BOTH the Rinnegan, and all previously unlocked stages of the sharingan.
Hmmm I am not sure, but maybe I might be wrong on some parts. The Rinnegan was used together with Susanoo with that meteorite jutsu. Perhaps it's usable with Susanoo, but not with the other Rinnegan jutsus if EMS is employed?
Conversely, the EMS was used for genjutsu. Perhaps the Rinnegan had no such
When madara first activated Susanoo, he had his EMS.
then when he activated PS. he had his rinnegan.
now people may say that it is because he already had rinnegan when he activated PS but then why does he change back to his EMS when he uses a genjutsu on A.
the last thing is that madara could not use susanoo when using preta path and vice versa
he says that the susanoo were not fast enough to avoid the jinton but why not absorb it? because he could not.
in my other thread i stated that PS was not exactly an rinnegan tech but an EMS tech greatly improved by senju DNA. the combination of the the uchiha's powerful chakra and spiritual energy and the senju's life force and physical energy.
but according to other people, i am wrong and only EMS is needed.
but i thought about something when madara first uses his PS he refers to this as his full power, so if this is true then that means that EMS is stronger than the Rinnegan? and in my eyes, thats absolutely wrong...
Forum RulesI received an article by e-mail today with updates about the on going work and preservation being done at Evergreen Negro Cemetery. It's called Project Respect. The website is: e-mail: respecthouston@yahoo.com There's a lot of information in the articles about their plans to survey and to add more digital mapping to the Abandoned Cemetery Projects. Please read the report you'll be glad you did, I was.
African American Cemeteries Forum is maintained by Administrator
Powered by Tetra-WebBBS 6.22 / TetraBB PRO 0.30 © 2006-2012 tetrabb.comVATICAN CITY — Saying he would soon be “hidden to the world,” Pope Benedict XVI took his leave of parish priests and clergy of the Diocese of Rome yesterday in a moving encounter during which he gave a personal and incisive recollection of the Second Vatican Council, the gathering of bishops 50 years ago that set the Roman Catholic Church’s course.
Benedict, who announced his resignation four days earlier — yesterday, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, the Vatican spokesman, said Benedict’s longtime secretary, Archbishop Georg Gaenswein, who was also named prefect of the papal household two months ago, would continue to work for on Monday, which stunned the Roman Catholic world, there has been much public scrutiny of the 85-year-old pope’s health.'Likes' are shared on Facebook and Audible.com. We use your 'likes' to improve Audible.com for all our listeners.
You can turn off Audible.com sharing from your Account Details page.
Redwall Abbey, the peaceful home of a community of mice, slumbers in the warmth of a summer afternoon. The mice are preparing for a great Jubilee feast. But Cluny the evil, one-eyed rat warlord is advancing….
©1995 The Redwall Abbey Company Ltd/Copyright Molitor .Story last updated at 10/30/2013 - 4:23 pm
The SouthEast Alaska Regional Health Consortium (SEARHC) will soon be expanding its clinic hours at the Ethel Lund Medical Center in Juneau.
Beginning Monday, Nov. 4, the clinic along with the pharmacy will be open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through Thursday and 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Friday. The weekday hours were previously 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
"Our goal is to provide access to patients that prefer to see a provider later in the day," Clinic Administrator, Kristina Randolph said. "Additionally we hope that patients with non emergent needs will be able to access the clinic instead of the emergency room during these expanded hours..In previous articles I led you through how to construct a sales page. From the heading, presenting your offer with body copy, and then rounding off the sales process with your guarantee and calls to action:
Part 1: How To Nail A Killer Headline
Part 2: How To Nail A Killer Headline Part 2
Part 3: The Art Of Good Storytelling
Part 4: 4 Crucial Elements Every Sales Letter Needs
If you were like most marketers you would probably leave it there.
But I know the readers of Entrepreneurs Journey are a savvy bunch and will want to know how they can take their sales letters and refine them for maximum sales. How do you refine a sales letter and boost sales?
With testing.
I still find myself flabbergasted at the lack of testing (or more correctly total absence of testing) that most of my consulting clients perform. If you have gone to all the trouble to set up business, brand yourself, get a website designed and pay for a copywriter, but then you haven’t thought about testing – then that really is ‘a fumble in the end zone’.
And I see this time and time again. I cringe the most when I hear it from my clients that are spending money on PPC. If you are spending money on PPC, and not split testing the page you are sending visitors to, then you really are leaving money on the table. Because with PPC you are now talking about a direct return on investment per visitor and it is just common business sense that you would want to maximize your return on investment.
Back in the day with direct response advertising and mail outs, testing was expensive and would have been a nightmare. But nowadays, if you are doing things on the Internet, there really is no excuse not to be testing.
Split testing can be set up with a few clicks of a button (depending on the software you are using). And the software will automatically split traffic evenly between pages you want to test, record conversions, graph them and let you know when there have been enough conversions to determine if one sales page is a statistically significant winner. You would be amazed at what the best split testing software can do.
There is software that can do the complicated multivariate testing where you are testing multiple variations and combinations. This would have been very difficult to do before the Internet, but with websites and the right tools this can be pretty straightforward to set up.
While I totally respect that you want to portray your business a certain way and the tone of your marketing has to be in line with your business, lots of times I still find business owners thinking they know best when it comes to general marketing principles.
“It’s not about what YOU want, it’s about what works and delivering what the customer wants.”
I have spoken previously about delivering what your customer wants, needs or desires and not what you want to deliver. Here is a common example that I encounter:
“I don’t like long sales copy.”
OK, I will be sure to tell all the Clickbank sales pages that have generated close to $1.9 Billion dollars in affiliate sales that YOU don’t like long copy. I will also tell the largest direct mailers in the world like Phillips, Agora, KCI, Rodale, Boardroom and Weiss Research (companies that probably spend more on research and testing in one week than most companies turnover in one year) that YOU don’t like long copy.
In all seriousness, the above statement is often followed with, “whenever I see one of those long sales letters, I never read them and just close the browser”. The assumption being that because you don’t read them because other people don’t. But here is the big problem. By doing this you have totally stepped out of the shoes of the prospect, you are no longer thinking like a fish.
Have you ever had the emotional urgency or passionate irrationality that your prospects possess? Can you think like them? Can you imagine having an itch that needs to be scratched so badly? What if you were the teenager with bad skin and acne and you saw a page with an acne related headline and following text promising to rid your face of pimples and make it beautiful, do you think you would read it? You would at least start reading it out of curiosity.
Obviously if long copy is well written, engages the prospect and pushes their “hot buttons” it will be devoured by the target audience.
Remember the saying:
“There is never copy that is too long only copy that is boring.”
But time and time again I hear business owners tell me “I don’t like this or that”. It is not about that at all. It is about using time tested sales methods that work. And time tested sales methods will work in your niche, sometimes they just have to be tweaked a bit. That is why I recommend testing.
Testing too many things at once: I see this all the time. If you change the heading, the price and extend your guarantee and you saw a 5% increase in conversions, which change was responsible for the increased conversions?
If you are not running a proper multivariate test, which most people who do these haphazard changes aren’t, then it is impossible to know.
So what I advise is a simple split A-B test. Where you change one variable and only one variable. So you may just change the headline and that is it. Or just the price and that is it. And you run the two variations against each other with all other things being equal. Which brings us to the next point.
Not running true A-B tests: For a true A-B test, all other variables not being tested must be equal.
On the Internet the biggest difference probably would be traffic sources. You cannot run one variable one month and then test the next variable the next month, that is not a true split test. For consistency it should be done over the same time period. Even though it seems obvious I need to point this out. You cannot test different sources or quantities of traffic (PPC versus search) against each other haphazardly. Unless of course the traffic source is the variable you are testing.
The path that people took to get to your sales page is part of the sales funnel and can influence buying behavior. So you need to keep that constant for tests.
Not keeping proper records of what you have tested: If you go through a testing process do it methodically and record the variables you are testing and the changes you have made. Start a spreadsheet and start recording things. Sounds obvious, but you would be surprised how quickly things can add up.
For example, over a period of a few months slowly a few things on your website changed. You stopped running PPC, you changed the headline and added in a bonus and all of a sudden you decide to check your conversions and you notice they have dropped by 0.5%. Mmmm when and how did this happen? Without accurate records and proper tracking software you will be plain guessing. And when it comes to making money, I don’t think it is smart to guess.
So that covers the most common mistakes. Next week I will talk more about what is important to test and what changes can make the biggest impact on your conversions.
Leevi Romanik
9 Comments
You can write an ebook about this because this is like helpful chapters already. Cheers!
Very helpful… Thanks for sharing… I agree with the post above (goldenboy) he has a point… You really should do this on an ebook… It could really help a lot…
Agree ….. seeing what works is definitely a work in progress and takes time to see the best results!
Yes I do..but realise it today after reading this.
Thanks a lot for this as of now its never going to happen again.
[…] Are You Making These 3 Common Conversion Testing Mistakes With Your Sales Copy? — Another installment of Copywriting 101 from Entrepreneurs Journey? Yes please! […]
Hi Leevi,
I test different sales texts by PPC through Google regarding; rental of apartments and each time I become so surprised what people click on most. Testing and re-testing is the only way to create the best selling texts.
I agree that the testing process is very important to generate more sales. Good content.
Nice follow up on your last post Leevi! I read quite a few sales letters where the seller focuses too much on themselves rather than what the customer is looking for. This definitely translates into less sales are no sales at all! Thanks for this great post!
This is great advice. Really great info.
Thanks for the advise. I agree we tend to test everything through Google now, we find the testing process a key part of the process. Hopefully we can start measuring the results. Kind regards MarkSolid Steel Radio Show 20/7/2012 Part 3 + 4 - The Invisible by Ninja Tune published on 2012/07/19 20:17:03 +0000 In hour 2 we welcome The Invisible with a mix celebrating the release of their album Rispah on Ninja Tune. The Mercury nominated trio deliver an excellent selection of music from across the board, ranging from the dulcet tones of Scott Walker, Nick Cave and Portishead, to the twisted beats of Rustie, the leftfield hip hop of Slum Village and Shabazz Palaces, plus offerings from Grace Jones, Evian Christ and Human Chain. You can also hear the presented version of the show on Strongroom Alive here; PART 3 + 4 - The Invisible Geoff Barrow & Ben Salisbury _ Helmet Theme _ Invada Rustie _ Zig Zag _ Wireblock Micachu And The Shapes _ OK _ Rough Trade Scott Walker _ The World's Strongest Man _ Mercury Portishead _ The Rip _ Island Jai Paul _ Jasmine _ XL Bear In Heaven _ Lovesick Teenagers _ Feedelity Afrika _ Osborne _ Spectral Soul Slum Village _ Jealousy _ Barak Entertainment Grace Jones _ Feel Up _ Island Quakers feat. Guilty Simpson _ Fitta Happier _ Stones Throw Evian Christ _ Fridge, Crank, Gun _ unknown Shabazz Palaces _ Free Press And Curl _ Sub Pop Hello Skinny _ Knot Blue _ self released Finn Peters _ Popcorn Brain _ Mantella Geoff Barrow & Ben Salisbury _ Iso Hymn _ Invada Nick Cave And The Bad Seeds _ Into My Arms _ PIAS Human Chain _ Death _ Loose TubesCharges against the Glenvil man accused of killing his ex-wife and former attorney are moving forward.
Investigators say that Michael Petersen, 58, drove to his ex-wife Nancy's rural Kearney residence the morning of Nov. 13, shot her to death with a rifle, then went to Grand Island where he shot and killed attorney Todd Elsbernd that evening. Elsbernd represented Petersen in his divorce.
Petersen faces first degree murder charges for each of their deaths.
On Tuesday, he waived his right to preliminary hearings in both Buffalo and Hall County Courts. Both hearings were held in Hall County, though Petersen had been scheduled to be in Buffalo County Tuesday morning. The Buffalo County Attorney says the change was for "convenience." Petersen has been in the Hall County Jail since his arrest.
The two cases are now bound over to District Court, and because the two counties are in the same judicial district, attorneys plan to keep the hearings in Hall County.
A date and time for the first Buffalo County District Court hearing is yet to be set, but Petersen is due in Hall County District Court on Feb. 18, 2014.
Petersen is being represented in both cases by attorney Jeffery Pickens from the Nebraska Commission on Public Advocacy.Re: Kodak Pixpro
Started Apr 14, 2013 | Discussions thread
The S1 micro four thirds camera is showing up as a "coming soon" item on some Chinese websites. I've saved enough Ebay money so that when it comes out, I'll be ready. It's only about five weeks until third quarter of this year, when JK said it would be available. Hopefully we'll see some specs soon...
--ACHICA > Timeless Illuminations > Timeless Illuminations Pair of Blackmoor Lamps, Antique White
Click image to zoom -- or click here to enlarge
Perfect on either side of your mantel piece this delightful pair of Cherub Blackmoor Lamps will most definitely capture your imagination. With romantic white finish this handsome lights are a must have for any home interior. With ornate vintage like design this is a must have for anyone who enjoys a bold statement piece.
Material: Wood, Metal
Dimensions: H123 x W26 x D20cm
Product Code CAL276-AW-LSCB-S2
Material: Wood, Metal
Dimensions: H123 x W26 x D20cm
Product Code CAL276-AW-LSCB-SAerodyne Armadillo Is Cost-Effective, Energy-Efficient Airlock Valve for Managing Dust, Particulates. Duckbill valve used with bag filters or cyclones under negative pressure
CLEVELAND, Ohio – August 25, 2009 – Aerodyne®, a division of Abanaki Corporation, announces the addition of the Vacu-Valve ® Armadillo to its line of material-handling equipment. The. See an animated demonstration of how a duck-bill airlock valve works. To obtain a brochure or for more information about Aerodyne, call Bart Eggert at (440) 543-7400 or (800) 358-7546, extension 130, or e-mail: Bart@AerodyneUS,” TM addressing material-handling challenges through innovation, customer commitment and environmental stewardship.Photoluminescence of GaAs nanowhiskers grown on Si substrate
In: Applied physics letters, Jg. 85 (2004) ; Nr. 26, S. 6407 - 6408
ISSN: 1077-3118
Zeitschriftenaufsatz / Fach: Elektrotechnik
Signatur der Zeitschrift: D30/67 A 21
Abstract:
GaAs nanowhiskers were grown by metalorganic vapor-phase epitaxy on (111) Si substrates using the vapor-liquid-solid growth mode. The diameter of the nanowhiskers was defined by polydisperse catalytic Au nanoparticles in the range from 5 to 100 nm deposited on the Si substrate from the liquid phase. The low-temperature photoluminescence spectra exhibit a series of unresolved exciton-related transitions shifted to a shorter wavelength due to the quantization effects. Despite some structure defects, relatively high photoluminescence intensity and its linear dependence on the excitation power without saturation confirms the good material quality of fabricated GaAs nanowhiskers.Matthew McGlone, associate professor of communication studies at The University of Texas at Austin, and a team of researchers has been awarded $1.4 million from the Institute of Education Sciences (IES), the research arm of the U.S. Department of Education, to help eighth and ninth grade students improve their motivation for academic achievement via novel and engaging activities.
This project builds on existing research showing that students' academic performance improves when they are taught that intelligence is malleable and that people can get smarter in response to intellectual effort.
McGlone's co-principal investigators on the project are Joshua Aronson, associate professor of psychology at New York University, and Jennifer Mangels, associate professor of psychology at Baruch College.
IES is a branch of the U.S. Department of Education that funds research studies on ways to improve academic achievement.
McGlone's research has focused on instructional communication, particularly the strategies educators can use to promote positive identity development in students. He also has explored the use of computer games to measure and modify children's belief in gender stereotypes.
In this project, researchers will develop and refine two unique intervention approaches engaging fiction and interactive media. They will work with young adult author Alison Pollet to create a narrative that teaches students about the malleability of intelligence. The story will be presented in an interactive computer format and will include images from intelligence research, such as neurons, dendrites and MRI scans revealing increased dendrite branching following learning.
The second intervention, a role-playing computer simulation, will be created in the Internet-based virtual environment Teen Second Life. The simulation will be designed and implemented by the Educators Coop, a non-profit organization specializing in educational programming for virtual environments, led by Leslie Jarmon and Joe Sanchez of The University of Texas at Austin.
The research results will be used to develop teacher-friendly material for use with middle and early high school students from diverse ethnic and socio-economic backgrounds.
To learn more about McGlone's research, read the feature story: "Testing Identity: Researcher develops tools to remedy race, gender gaps in standardized test performance."--- address@hidden wrote: > Quoting C Y <address@hidden>: > > > > Just curious. Anyway, more to the point would be how to get the > > status of the ANSI draft standard clarified. > > What's not clear about it? According to the usenet post I referenced earlier, the draft was intended to be released as public domain but the mechanics of that were never finished off, so it's status is some odd sort of limbo. I would think its status would have to be clear and well defined before it could be included in a lisp distribution. Cheers, CY __________________________________ Yahoo! FareChase: Search multiple travel sites in one click.- Must WatchThe series returns with it's third season.USA's newest drama series explores marriage.
- GolfThe British Open kicks off today on ESPN.
-...A newly released report from the Interstate Renewable Energy Council (IREC) found that the there were 124,000 solar installations—including photovoltaics (PVs), concentrating solar power and solar thermal—in the U.S. in 2010. That’s an increase of 22 percent over 2009. And 2011 is likely to beat that.
Each of the leading states grew their solar installation significantly as well, according to the IREC report, U.S. Solar Market Trends 2010.
“The amount of PV capacity installed in Arizona, Colorado, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, Pennsylvania and Texas installed in 2010 was at least double the capacity installed in each state in 2009,” the report said. “California remains the largest U.S. market, with about 28 percent of the U.S. installed capacity completed in 2010. However, this is a significant drop in market share from the 49 percent recorded in 2009.”
New Jersey and California are likely to remain the top two states in terms of solar installations, said report author Larry Sherwood. IREC has been producing the report for four years now and monitoring the data for longer, he said.
Among the trends Sherwood saw for 2010 was significant adoption by utilities.
“I think the biggest change in 2010 is the growth in the utility-sector installations, which were pretty much non-existent five years ago,” he said. “I would say it’s likely to become the largest sector.”
However, Sherwood doesn’t expect growth in the utility sector to totally dominate the other solar markets, residential and commercial.
Although the federal incentives have helped spread the adoption of solar throughout the country, local solar incentives and rebates are also important to growing the solar industry, according to Sherwood.
“By where the installations are happening, you can see that they’re an important part of the package,” he said.
Looking forward, the growth trends are expected to continue in 2011, particularly in the utility sector, according to the report.
“Costs are going down and the supply of modules is pretty strong, so I think you’re going to see the prices continue to go down,” Sherwood said.
He also anticipates that the other costs related to solar, the soft costs, will come down, just not as quickly as the drop in module cost prices.
Pictured: Annual Installed Grid-Connected PV Capacity by Sector (2001-2010).We just presented the new Bedwin & The Heartbreakers Spring/Summer 2011 Collection. One of the highlights of the collection are the above desert boots. We like the upper construction. The boots come in three suede colorways and will release in the coming months.
A better look at the boots follows after the jump.The 27th I uploaded a new version of bridge-utils to close two bugs, one was just a doc bug, so I just changed one of the manpages, the other bug was a normal severity bug, so this package wouln't be a candidate for an exception, but the bug (496491) was causing that all the "set" commands of brctl (i386) where failing when running with amd64 kernels and I would have set this sevirity higher because of that, so I think it qualifies for an exception. On the other hand the changes I did were just the doc and the one liner to fix this architecture bug, so I'd rather we would ship the new version. Regards... -- Manty/BestiaTester ->Nyala 1 Air Force 0, 31/01/2007 21/03/2007Posted by Matt Rowson in Match reports.
trackback.
Great report, Matt. Interesting insight into the workings of African football.
Dear Sir,
Thank you for an interesting article. There is so much that can be done to make the game much lively. But but …. I’m a staunt supporter of St.George since my childhood. My full support goes to team leaders that are trying to build the team to reach at least an “African football level”. Hope the’ll make a breakthrough. As for the national team God knows what they are up to.
Regards
Tazabeo from Sweden
I used to play for Mebrat youth team about 20 years ago and i check up on Ethiopian football at at least once a week from the UK where i now live. When ever i go to the website what I look for is news on a talented Ethiopian footballer who would make it in Europe. My dream used to be to see the Ethiopian football team succeed and win thing but since i know that won’t happen in my life time or the next few centuries, i now look for an Ethiopian player to make it and play for one of the big, medium or even small clubs in Europe and i hope someone like that comes along soon.
When i was growing up, Ethiopia was football mad. We played before school started. During the morning 15min break. After lunch. After school and at weekends. It was all football for me. This tells you how much Ethiopians love football. This tells you that we have talented footballers. We introduced football to the rest of Africa for crying out loud but why are we in the state we are now?. Where is it going wrong. For me, the problem is with the Ethiopian Federation as well as the Government.
– The federation is to blame for all the corruption that took place and continue to do so. Their decision making has been ludicrous to say the least. The government should force all the old farts out and get some passionate young uns.
– The government should also stop building houses and towers where kids once played football for hours. The last time i went to Ethio, i could not believe all the football filed’s we once played
football on ar no longer there. Houses have been built on them. Kids nowadays can not play football like we did.
The fact of the matter is that we Ethiopians love football but we have people running the sport who are only interested in filling up their pockets. They don’t care that they have ruined the dreams of so many. I for one no longer want us to enter any football completion as we are being made a laughing stock for the rest of the world. We were once the giants in the game and people who served and run the ethiopian federation should be shot dead by the people of ethiopia for brining us down to the level we are. For making us a laughing stock for foreign journalists. The last report i read about Ethiopian football by forign journalist concluded by saying, Ethiopian football is just like their Calendar. 8 years behind. I was so angry at him for saying that at the time. This is going back a few years now. I now know that he was actually being kind to us. We are not 8 years behind. We are 88 years behind.
How can you play in a empty Stadium ?
Foot ball without its Fun ? its not Football.
alemayehu
From London
I would not pay a dime for Ethiopian soccer. Prefer to watch an English Soccer in one of the restaurants/bars.
football is football is not about fans. you can play without any fans but still have the joy of the game. so empty stadium dont matter what matter is the players are safe and that they are enjoying what they are doing.
The best ever ethiopian team is ”ETHIOPIAN COFFEE”
AHE ESESAMO
BUNA GEBEYA ADEGEGNA!
AHE ESESAMO
BUNA GEBEYA ADEGEGNA!
AHE ESESAMO
BUNA GEBEYA ADEGEGNA!
I don’t understand Ethiopian football.The reason i said that beacuse when addis ababa team play other than bone and st,g,how come there are no fan for other teams in addis ababa like banks and other teams.I think that is the reason why Ethiopian football is not growing so fast.if we cheer them like other two teams,they also can be good and we can have a good national team
AHE ESESAMO
BUNA GEBEYA ADEGEGNA!
AHE ESESAMO
BUNA GEBEYA ADEGEGNA!
AHE ESESAMO
BUNA GEBEYA ADEGEGNA
i am so surpreised how the football fiel looks like .
there is no wonder why the football players have no motto to be wonderfull players like camerun or nigeria .tzhe football have began in our home land much more years back than the new comers like keniya or camerun like brundi or even for that matter south afric a players .the gove.has no atetention to develop the football carrer to bring in high format.
please let the rich man like alamudi think about the stadium lookout .its nothing if you see how the europeans build thier stadium .the new munchen arena stadium it seems ufo .my GOd i am so proud for our players even if they are playing in small field like teen agers make a traning.
God bless you all make an effert for such develop
Haw Ethiopian Kids Team going If Theories Yang Team One Day We Come to Home Country We Play U-13 U-14 U-15 and Seiners Team Can send me information Please Thanks.
Gentile nazionale di calcio Etiopia mi chiamo ASRAT ABEBE ALEM sono nato in ETIOPIA il 17/07/1988 a SHOA e vivo in ITALIA torino dove gioco a calcio.IL motivo del mio contatto è per chiedervi un provino presso la mia nazionale di nascita…aspetto una risposta distinti saluti…ASRAT ABEBE ALEM
oh i love ethiopian national team player espesecialy eepco team i like them they are enjoing what they are doing.
God blees ethiopian soccer thank you.
ethiopia foot ball federation has to run for the forth_going delimin ation dark and bad you do!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bring back Kassaye Arage(Engineer) , people will be back then! I know i will.
Hey my name is Tewodros,i live in san jose califorina u.s.a. and also a student at westvalley college, and i play for the san jose ambesa soccer club, and we have so many people come and watch are games, whats the proplem with the ethiopian soccer club(EPL)? you guys need help. we want to see our cunitry in te african cup of natin and in the world cup some day.life.
Exposition Celebrating Seventy-Five Years of Freedom for Blacks since the End of the Civil War
This poster promotes the sale of a book about the Diamond Jubilee Exposition held in Chicago, July 4 through September 2, 1940. The Exposition, the first of its size and scope, celebrated seventy-five years of freedom for blacks and their cultural achievements during that period since the Civil War.
Cavalcade of the American Negro Artist unknown Silk-screen poster Prints and Photographs Division, Library of Congress (63)
Bookmark this item:
Poster Advertising the Federal Theatre Production of Eugene O'Neill's Play The Emperor Jones
The Emperor Jones was one of several plays produced by the WPA's Federal Theatre Project in which blacks and black themes were featured. The play also was one among many controversial productions of the FTP. On the bottom of the poster, patrons are directed to the “white front cars” of the trolley when proceeding to the theater.
Federal Theatre Project presents “The Emperor Jones” with Ralph Chesse's Marionettes Artist unknown Silk-screen poster Prints and Photographs Division,Library of Congress (64)
Bookmark this item:
Poster Advertising One of the Many Black Musicians' Concerts Sponsored by the WPA's Federal Music Project
Although offered during a less enlightened era in America when "separate but equal" was still the rule, this concert by black musicians, directed by Norman L. Black, reflects the widespread interest in black innovations in rhythm and blues.
Colored Band Concert Carken, Chicago, Illinois Silk-screen poster Prints and Photographs Division, Library of Congress (66)
Bookmark this item:
Poster Welcoming Readers to Use the New York Public Library's Schomburg Center for Black History and Culture
With the entrance of the United States into World War II in 1942, the graphics units of the Fine Arts Project of the WPA was absorbed by the Defense Department's War Services Division. That Division produced hundreds of posters in support of the war effort, including this one encouraging reading about black contributions to the defense effort, among other subjects, in the Schomburg Center. The Schomburg Center was established within the New York Public Library system by Arthur A. Schomburg, a Puerto Rican of African descent, and it includes material by and about blacks throughout the world.
Books are Weapons. Read About...The Negro in National Defense; Africa and the War; Negro History and Culture J.P. (signed) New York, NY. Silk-screen poster. Prints and Photographs Division, Library of Congress (67)
Bookmark this item:
Portrait of a Young Black Man
This portrait of a young black man was done by the African- American artist Dox Thrash, who supervised the WPA Federal Art Project's graphics division in Philadelphia. Like many artists of the Art Project, Thrash made numerous studies of ethnic "types" and of interesting places within their locale -- in Thrash's case, Philadelphia.
Bronze Boy Dox Thrash (b. 1892). Aquatint. Prints and Photographs Division, Library of Congress (68)
Bookmark this item:
Philadelphia's Pier 27 in the 1930s
Thrash's view of the Pier in Philadelphia during the 1930s is typical of hundreds of similar -- now priceless -- glimpses of local spots of interest produced by artists of the WPA's Federal Art Project. Many of these artistic creations were done by destitute artists whose support by the WPA was crucial to the continuance of their careers -- especially African-American artists.
Pier 27 Dox Thrash (b. 1892). Aquatint. Prints and Photographs Division, Library of Congress (69)
Bookmark this item:
Portrait of a Pensive, Aging Black Man
This brooding portrait of a black man is inscribed: “To Mr. Macleish (sic) From William E. Smith.” Nothing is known about the artist, but Macleish was the Librarian of Congress, as well as a famous poet and champion of democracy, at the time Smith presented the print to him.
“No Body Knows” William E. Smith Linocut, 7/50 Prints and Photographs Division, Library of Congress (70)
Bookmark this item:
The “Scottsboro Case” Defendants, Indicted for Rape and Sentenced to Death, March 31, 1931
The Scottsboro Case involved nine black youths who, on March 31, 1931, were indicted in Scottsboro, Alabama, for raping two white girls. Eight of them were sentenced to death, but after years of appeals and retrials, spearheaded by the Scottsboro Defense Committee, some were released, some remained in prison for years, and one escaped. The case was one of the most sensational of the time, and, as might be expected in the political hotbed of the thirties, became a centerpiece for charges and countercharges of radical communist involvement.
8 Black Boys in a Southern Jail Prentiss Taylor Lithograph, 40 prints Prints and Photographs Division, Library of Congress (71)
Bookmark this item:
Portrait of a Young Black Man
This engaging portrait of a young man is another of the many representations of ethnic and racial "types" that were done by artists of the WPA's Federal Art Project. Not only are the subjects mostly anonymous, but the artists as well, despite the fact that their names are often known. Much research needs to be done to identify these artists, black and white, and to relate their WPA experience to their subsequent careers.
Reggie Raymond Steth Carborundum Print, No. 25, 1940 Prints and Photographs Division, Library of Congress (73)
Bookmark this item:This photo was taken in front of our house
Aw, too cuddly and cute. Great picture and I like the window frame for the picture.
What a sweet photo and a fun way to showcase it. Darling page.
Awww so precious! What an adorable way to scrap such a sweet wee little one.
Oh this is just one of those layout where you smile and just think - wow! wow! this defines to SWEET!
How adorable! I love that photo and the shoe is so cute, too!
Very cute. I love how you framed the photo. TFS.Cristina’s Event Journal
St. Louis Blues vs. Anaheim Ducks
Friday February 28, 2014 / 7:00pmSt. Louis Blues vs. Anaheim Ducks
3 tickets
Plaza Goal East
How was your experience?
The seats were great (about 18 rows from the glass, right behind the goal) and we had an excellent view of everything going on. I am definitely looking forward to buying some more tickets for another game! :)Schusslick, adj. Seen on a black cherry soda label in the Reading Terminal Market. According to the Wikipedia article on Pennsylvania Dutch English, it means "clumsy with things usually due to hurrying." According to Kutztown Soda Works Black Cherry Soda,
Make your thirst away yet with a cold, tall glass of Kutztown Black Cherry Soda! With the genuine taste of real dark, sweet cherries we say "Sit down, relax. Don't be so schusslick!" teamed with freestyling live over the tracks! She also incorporates some of her biggest anthems. So you get a DJ, live P.A and vocalist in one package!
Abigail Bailey is one of the scenes leading vocalists since she stormed the charts in 2005 with the massive club anthem Herd & Fitz 'I Just Can't Get Enough' released on Subliminal. Abigail has had also had releases on Toolroom, MOS, Stealth, AATW, Ego, Defected, GNAF, and Pacha Records.Gold Blader for Mega Man X: Command MissionHome / Playstation 2 /
This page contains Mega Man X: Command Mission Hints for Playstation 2 called "Gold Blader" and has been posted or updated on Mar 24, 2009 by WhiteDeath. Let us know what you think of this Hint by thumbs voting.
- Developer: Valuewave Co.,ltd.
- Publisher: Capcom
- Genre: Role-Playing Console-style RPG
- Release: Sep 21, 2004
- ESRB: Everyone.
Stuck on this game? Set a specific, clearly defined question and let others answer your question or view answers to previously asked questions. If you think you are an Mega Man X: Command Mission)Charleston Waterfront Hotels and Thriller Boat Tours
Charleston is a great place for a family vacation. Family members from eight to eight-two will enjoy all the great sights and sounds of Charleston. There are plenty of great events, attractions, shopping and dining going on in Charleston all the time. Stay at a beautiful Charleston waterfront hotel and wake up every morning toBuy flats in Bayswater Road, Headington, Oxford OX3 - 2 bedrooms
- £235,000
Stowford Road, Headington, Oxford OX3Flat for sale - 2 bedrooms
Larger than average two double bedroom, first floor apartment conveniently situated for local shops & the No. 8 bus providing a regular service to Headington & on towards Oxford City Centre. The property has been recently refurbished and would ... More details
Note: Distances are straight line measurements
- Oxford (3.4 miles)
- Islip (4.5 miles)
Marketed by Connells, OX3. Call 01865 360064Guide price £235,000
The Dale, Headington, Oxford OX3Flat for sale - 2 bedrooms
Andrews Estate Agents are pleased to present to the market this two bedroom flat in The Dale. The property is presented to the market in good condition. EPC rating: C More details
Note: Distances are straight line measurements
- Oxford (3.6 miles)
- Islip (4.7 miles)
Marketed by Andrews - Headington, OX3. Call 01865 521128The current page isHome > in Our Company > in Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) > in Social contribution > in Yamanashi Hitachi Construction Machinery won the highest award of social business award > Page.
Yamanashi Hitachi Construction Machinery won the highest award of social business award
As a company meeting the below examination standard, Yamanashi Hitachi Construction Machinery won the highest award of the 4th social business award sponsored by Social Innovation Japan, an incorporated NPO, and supported by the Ministry of the Environment on September 4.
Examination Standard
- Sociality : Whether is the mission sociality of a party clear and supported by stakeholders or not?
- Business performance : Whether is the business of a party profitable or not, and is the management system of a party established or not?
- Innovation : Whether does a party develop an innovative address and system, and give an impact to society?
Commemorative picture at the awarding ceremony
Mr. Amemiya, president of Yamanashi
Hitachi Construction Machinery on the first
from the left of the front row
The award was established in 2006 to commend excellent activities of innovative social business. They won social business award, one of 4 kinds of awards, which commends the business performed as part of CSR activities. Their activities were highly appreciated and they won the highest award because their efforts to the demining activity by developing demining equipment is the solution of the international address by making use of manufacturing technology with Japanese taste and they continued to address in terms of both hardware and software, including not only demining the minefield, but also supporting local people to become independent through the use of clearance land.'Likes' are shared on Facebook and Audible.com. We use your 'likes' to improve Audible.com for all our listeners.
You can turn off Audible.com sharing from your Account Details page..
"The end""
Everything changes in a single moment. Hundreds of thousands of people suddenly collapse, leaving their friends and loved ones behind, terrified and confused. The fallen rise moments later, and the survivors become the hunted..
"great conclusion"".
©2012 Jessica Meigs (P)2012 Audible, Inc.
"Fast
"after 2 so so books, a satisfying conclusion"
at the end of book 2, remy, gray, and ethan are fleeing with cade, who was wounded by a sniper. all of them thinking ethan died at the hands and teeth of the infected, having bought them time to escape. book 2 closes with ethan waking up at the westin hotel, still alive. his mysterious savior, alicia, informs him that he's alive but infected and that the medicine she gave him is not a cure. alicia wants to know where brandt is b/c his blood may contain the cure.book 3 opens 4 weeks after the events in book2. brandt, remy, and gray have found a safe house for cade to recover at. after a few weeks of close calls, cade is finally awake and able to move around. ethan has been getting to know his surroundings AND alicia. so i don't spoil things, all i'll say is alicia was part of the team at the cdc when TSHTF. using her wiles, she extracts info from ethan about brandt and the rest of his group. using a map secretly taken from ethan's bag, alicia notifies ethan that she's putting a team together to look for brandt and the rest his group. ethan violently protests and demands to go with her, but alicia tells him that he's not psychologically ready as evidenced by his outburst. alicia reminds him that even though he's still alive, the michaluck virus has side effects, such as rage, as he just evinced. to further calm ethan down and placate him, alicia tells him that she's leaving him in charge of the 300+ survivors holed up in the westin.don't worry! i haven't revealed too much! that's just the first few minutes.elsewhere, brandt and gray are getting ready for an extended run to hunt for supplies. while they're away, alicia and her goons storm the safe house, looking for brandt. instead, they find cade and remy in an intimate moment. NO! not that kind of moment. LOL brandt and gray come back and find a bloodbath.back at the westin, ethan's more of a superintendent than anything else, helping people and listening to their gripes. then a mysterious girl introduces herself and tells ethan about what's really going on at the westin. from then on it's a sprint to the end! of the 3 books, this one is definitely the best! the cause of the outbreak is finally explained. although it's not very original, it suffices. there are bittersweet reunions and heartbreaking sacrifices that added to my enjoyment of the story. i like it when authors have the gravitas to kill off characters, especially in worthwhile ways! sorry! no spoilers! LOL there is a lot more action in this book. finally, the author uses the power of a zombie hoard to effect.overall, i liked this book. i just finished it, so i might be liking it more than i think, especially since i was frustrated and annoyed with the first 2 books. if you're interested in why and why i downloaded this book, please read my reviews of the first 2 books.if you've read the previous 2 books and decided to give up, give this book a try. if i didn't find it as an enjoyable AND satisfying conclusion, then i would've wrote a scathing review, warning you to stay away.if you're still reading...LOL...my one caveat is that we STILL don't know why some zombies are smart! is that an oxymoron? a smart zombie? come on jessica! i want to know why! you can email me! LOL
"So So..."
I guess this is the last book in the series, seems like they just gave up on writing a real story. Maybe this is what happens when you have to write three books covering the same group of people. If there is a book 4, I wont bother.- Academics
- A-Z Course Listing
- BIOL 623
BiOL 623 - Advanced Pathophysiology
This course focuses on cellular physiologic and pathophysiologic processes through the lifespan, in order to provide a foundation for holistic clinical assessment, decision-making, and clinical management. Emphasis is on common altered health states based on current epidemiological trends. Special emphasis is given to pathogenesis, alterations in normal function, and the body’s adaptation to the disease process. Integration of current research from nursing and other disciplines is used to explore pathophysiologic processes, compensatory mechanisms, and the rationale for clinical interventions. Course content includes concepts of altered health in children and older adults, genetic and congenital disorders, neoplasia, disorder in hematopoietic function, and alterations and adaptations in cardiovascular, respiratory, urinary, endocrine, and nervous systems.
BiOL 623 - Advanced Pathophysiology - Details
- Prerequisite
- Declared Major
- Credits
- 4
- Offered:
- Fall
- Online:
- Yes
- Graduate Course:
- Yes:
QR linking directly to video
The most basic and inexpensive way to integrate video into your direct mail
is through the use of QR codes. By creating a QR code that links to a YouTube video, you can create immediate conversions across channels, as the user in transported directly to your YouTube Channel or a custom landing page on their smartphone. Even better, if you work with a marketing provider that utilizes digital print and PURL technology, you can track and collect information as each user is whisked away to the land of your business video. Host these videos on your social media platforms, and that just adds one more facet to the Multichannel experience!
Die-cut postcards to “fill in the blanks”
Modern day print machinery can do amazing things. With the use of die-cutting on a postcard, video can literally “fill in the blank” of the removed portion. Direct the recipient to a simple YouTube URL or use a QR code to redirect the recipient, and have the user place the card on top. Voila! Instant tactile interaction with the mail piece and video combination. Think of creative ways to make the die-cut recess become part of the video. Video software becomes more inexpensive every year, and a little brainstorming can lead to an inexpensive campaign really producing a high-class touch!
Integrated video/picture utilizing translucent space.
Video on/in printed pieceare?A man has been arrested in Brazil after he tried to open a bank account using forged ID with a photo of Oscar-winning actor Jack Nicholson.
Ricardo Sergio Freire de Barros, 41, was picked up by police in the northeastern city of Recife and charged with using false documents and forgery.Ricardo Sergio Freire de Barros, 41, was picked up by police in the northeastern city of Recife and charged with using false documents and forgery., who is leading the civil police investigation.
"That way, he would use the limits on the cheques and the credit cards to steal money."
Police said Freire de Barros was already being investigated for fraudulent activity when he was arrested.
Nicholson , 74, won Oscars for One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest (1975), Terms Of Endearment (1983) and As Good As It Gets (1997).
He also achieved critical acclaim for his portrayal of The Joker in Batman.Leah Calvert has been tweeting for days about needing strength and letting go. However, she was not referring to a split from her second husband, Jeremy Calvert.
Despite the Teen Mom 2 star's tweets about single parents, something not being worth it anymore, and several other telling tweets, Jeremy claims that he and his wife are not headed for divorce.
"Jesus people me and @TM2LeahDawn are not getting a divorce !!!!" Jeremy tweeted on March 5.
In response, Leah wrote, "LOL."
Since Leah and Jeremy are going through tough times on Teen Mom 2, during which Leah has admitted that her husband has often threatened divorce, many fans have been wondering what the situation was with their marriage. So, for Leah to be tweeting split-related tweets is a bit odd.
Is she doing it for attention? Is she doing it for publicity?
Leah's husband works for days, sometimes weeks, at a time as a pipe layers, and often doesn't speak to her for two to three days, so maybe the reality star thought it would be funny to stir up a few rumors. It certainly seems that way, judging by her "LOL."
Fame can be a powerful force, and for reality stars, getting their name in the tabloids is often important for their staying power. So perhaps Leah is trying to stay relevant.Home » Drink Recipes
Courtesy of Beefeater Gin.… Read more
This classic cocktail was created at Harry’s New York Bar in Paris in the 1920s. It’s name comes from a surgical technique of the time.…
All the news that’s fit to drink!… Read more
No post found
Drink of the Week © 2015
This site is intended for those of legal drinking age. Please Drink Responsibly.
NEVER NEVER DRINK & DRIVE !!Wilcox clarifies election story
Bonnie Wilcox, candidate for Blackberry Township assessor, said that most property assessments will go down locally starting next year.
â€œI canâ€™t guarantee, but I expect most assessments will come down,â€ she said.
An article in the March 26 Elburn Herald stated that based on the median home value for the previous three years, Wilcox said some assessments would go up.We are always looking for more recipes to add to our site.Submit Your Recipes: […] […] 30, 2012
Core Value Insights from Zappos!
Our Global Lighting Core Values Gatekeeper Denise Bovell has returned from her dynamic experience at the Zappos Insights Boot Camp with some heady excitement following several days immersed in the Zappos culture. We thought we’d let her tell you the highlights in her own words; take it away Dee!
I went to Zappos Insights Boot Camp with the goal of gleaning facets of their program that we could use to benefit our tribe here at Global Lighting, and I wasn’t disappointed. Some things I found to be the most interesting are:
They have a goals program, which can be used for personal or professional advancement, lasting for 30-days. Each person who participates has a mentor helping them to explore how to begin the process of attaining a goal or goals they desire to achieve.
I learned that the core values we’ve created should never be changed: they are like the support beams under the GL skyscraper. In five years, you wouldn’t want to kick the beams out from under the structure of your building, as they are core to the integrity of the structure. It’s the same with the core values we’ve created.
Each and every Zappos customer service associate has the right to make a decision when they are on the phone with a customer as to how that customer’s issue should be treated: they simply know what to do so they don’t have to ask anyone what decision should be made to address the customer’s request. This is in their training and it truly stood out for me as something remarkable.
I was surprised at their philosophy of overstaffing. They do this so that they have more hands than they need, which allows them to create the exemplary level of service they maintain.
It was fascinating to see the dedication of the people they hire, who invest in the experience wholeheartedly. As I watched the service calls take place, there was a “Wow” during 7 out of 10 of them. That’s quite a record of satisfaction that I believe any company would want to emulate.
With all employees in Las Vegas, there is an 80/20 rule: everyone works on their Zappos duties 80% of the time while being encouraged to participate in team-building and personal renewal 20% of the time. I thought the rejuvenating aspects of the split would be terrific to discuss with our team at Global Lighting so we could see what would be a good fit for us.
There was an emphasis on increasing personal value by learning about other departments, for example, that I found to be a excellent incentivizing tool. I was also interested to hear how much of CEO Tony Hsieh’s research into happiness they had integrated into their philosophies. For instance, happy employees are less likely to be sick than those who are discontent; which makes sense but I’d never thought about it so succinctly.
Their ways of handling conflict resolution was an eye-opener and something I believe we at Global Lighting can think about. They actually think of this issue as early as hiring, when they choose employees not only for their skill set, but also for how well they will fit within the culture they have created.
One premise stood out for me: If you get the culture right, everything else will flow naturally, but to get the culture right, you have to hire the right people who fit well with the dynamic you have in place. I have already begun to formulate interview questions for new hires that we will kick around at Global Lighting to see if they will strengthen our quality when we bring new people on board in the future.
We also had ample silliness during the experience, something they encourage because it allows everyone to “let their hair down” and bond in a way that’s intuitive. I’ll be sharing these ideas with our tribe here at Global Lighting as we go forward. The thing I took away the most strongly, I suppose, is that what they put together at Zappos transcends a working environment; it’s a lifestyle. It struck me as I listened to the leaders of the boot camp say that the most important thing a company can do for its employees is to create a framework for happiness. Who doesn’t want to be happy?
Of course we all, do, Dee, and we’re certainly happy to be a B2B entity taking this subject seriously; we see ourselves as a personal learning center. Every once in a while we learn of other companies taking their core values seriously. We’ll add them to the list here when we find them, the first of which is Benjamin West. We can’t wait to see what insights from Zappos continue to inform our culture.
Tagged under: B2B, change, core values, culture, customer service, Denise Bovell, gatekeepers, Global Lighting, Las Vegas, learning center, Zappos Insights
Categorised in: Awards, Business, Events, PeopleLeave a Reply to this postBuilding Technology
March 31, 2014 | David Barista, Editor-in-Chief
March 26, 2014 | Callison
March 26, 2014 | Lockheed Martin
March 21, 2014 | BD+C Staff
March 20, 2014 | Arthur L. Sanders & Benjamin J. Robinson, Hoffmann Architects
March 13, 2014 | BD+C Staff
March 12, 2014 | BD+C Editors
March 10, 2014 | KieranTimberlake
March 07, 2014 | BD+C Staff
March 04, 2014 | Arthur L. Sanders & Benjamin J. Robinson, Hoffmann Architects
February 20, 2014 | Kris Spickler
February 19, 2014 | BD+C Staff
February 14, 2014 | Missouri S&T
Research could lead to blocks that use waste material and have seismic and insulating benefits....
February 14, 2014 | BD+C Staff
February 14, 2014 | C.C. Sullivan and Adam Sullivan, Contributing Editors
February 12, 2014 | BD+C Staff
February 12, 2014 | David Barista, Editor-in-Chief
February 11, 2014 | Adobe
February 07, 2014 | Jeff Yoders, Contributing EditorForeign Minister
The US State Department has a Facebook website and has been encouraging its diplomats to blog and tweet since introducing an aggressive social media policy three years ago.
The UK and Canada have adopted a similar approach as their governments have realised they need to get their message to a younger internet-savvy audience.
Australia’s Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade has allowed only limited social media trials so far.
The first involved allowing the Australian High Commission in Pretoria to use Facebook and Twitter to promote the 2010 soccer World Cup. Ambassador to the Holy See and former deputy prime minister
The High Commission in New Delhi has used Twitter and Facebook to discuss the Commonwealth Games.
“The Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade is a dinosaur," Lowy Institute for International Affairs analyst Fergus Hanson says of its use of social media.
“DFAT is miles behind what they are doing in the US, UK and even Canada . . . these countries are breaking new ground in digital diplomacy.
“For it to work, what’s been shown around the world is you can’t have comments going through four and five layers of bureaucracy . . . you cannot subject everything to the ‘DFAT blanderware’."
Mr Hanson, who will soon publish a detailed report on the topic, says the bureaucrat in charge of social media for the US State Department was told to “push the envelope" and it had paid dividends.
“US diplomats now post around 4000 blogs a year, yet despite all the blogging only three controversies have been triggered by those blogs so far," he said.
A DFAT spokeswoman said the department was in the process of reviewing and upgrading its online facilities.
“The department is trialling the use of social media to enhance its outreach . . . to date, for consular purposes in limited, event-specific circumstances. Further trials are planned over the next six months," she said.
The spokeswoman said the department was aware there were clear benefits in employing social media tools to get to a “wider and more tech-savvy audience".
“We are aware of the programs our counterparts are developing in the US State Department and the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and regularly share ideas,’’ she added.
The Australian Financial ReviewDaily Roundup
Flying Weeds: Next up in greening the airline industry? Continental Airlines, in partnership with Boeing, is planning a test flight of a 737-800 aircraft partially powered by biofuel. The engines will be run partly on derivatives of algae and jatropha, once considered a weed, and partly by traditional jet fuel. The New York Times
Green Suction: Electrolux has introduced what it claims to be the world's first green vacuum cleaner: the AirMAX Öko. Supposedly, it not only effectively cleans your carpet, but it doesn't suck too much power, and is made of 55 percent recycled materials. CleanTechnica
Big Spuds: Some are claiming that the 25-pound potato recently exhumed in Lebanon has no right to claim the crown as the heaviest potato ever grown... because it's not a potato at all.Scientific American calls on an expert plant breeder to settle the controversy. Scientific American
Hybrid Bike: Yamaha recently revealed the limited-edition PAS City-C, a battery-powered electric bike that was designed by the famed Japanese firm ±0. Not only is the bike environmentally friendly, it's also beautiful, and sports a cute basket. Inhabitat
Environmental Course: Middle-school educators unveiled their new globally focused environmental education plans as part of the Toyota International Teacher Program. Treehugger
-- Mario Aguilar: 64
Replies to This Discussion
Hi Jon,
I'm a beginner but I have played squash years (about 4.5). I am picking it up quickly but still probable only useful to you for drills or trying to return your serves. If you think it might be fun just send me an e-mail: dan@captdan.net
Thanks!!
Dan
hey, Im avalible mornings to hit im about 3.5, shoot me a text
Alex
510 323 6229
© 2015 Created by Mark / The Mayor.
Badges | Report an Issue | Terms of ServiceRather than highlight a particular item, I’ll just point you to a link that will provide you a long list of high-end Victorian furniture that Antiquarian Traders has for sale. This link is one that you can bookmark and check back on from time to time. Antiquarian Traders sells very high-end antiquities such as this Belter bed from their location in Beverly Hills. You can see their items here. Note, I don’t have a relationship with any of the sellers that I profile in these blog entries. When and if I do, I will be sure to mention it. I’d rather highlight items that I find interesting without the mixed message of promoting certain items or sellers for fee.
Antiquarian Traders
Previous post: 3-Piece John Jelliff Parlor Set
Next post: Pair of Hunzinger Lollipop ChairsThree members of the UAA alpine ski team posted top-10 finishes in a giant slalom Wednesday at the Alyeska Ski Resort, putting the Seawolves in a tie with Denver for third place through six events of the UAA Invitational. Utah leads the Rocky Mountain Intercollegiate Ski Association event.
Three freshman led the women's team, with Anais Urban nabbing fourth place with a two-run time of 1 minute, 57.72 seconds and Vanessa Bether taking a season-best ninth place in 1:59.39. UAA Freshman Anna Berecz finished in 2:00.64 and was 17th.
UAA's third top-10 finish came from the men's team, when Andreas Adde took sixth with a two-run time of 1:55.85. Freshman Sean Alexander added an 11th-place finish in 1:56.91, and Niko Harmanen placed 30th in 2:10.87.
The UAA invitational continues Friday with men's and women's slaloms.Photos: UAA Invitational nordic racing
Website: UAA Invitational
Anchorage Daily News / adn.com1989 Ford MustangSelling my 89 mustang really fun car to drive just had surgery so need the money price has been reduced. Pretty much... More
1989 Dodge Dakota Sport CONVERTIBLE. In excellent condition, with 80,000 original miles. 4x4, V-6 motor, 5-speed manual transmission. New 19' rims and tires. A
1987 ALFA ROMEO "Spider Veloce", this is a superbly preserved original example of the ever popular "spider veloce". The odometer reads approximately 42,000 miles.... More
1985 Toyota SupraClassic Cars Have Heritage And History And A Completely Unique Style ThatSets Them Apart From All The Other Cars On The Road... More
1982 Volkswagen VanagonRebuilt motor plus Fuel Injector system - 2014Approximately 5000 Kilometers (3106 Miles) after the rebuildThe Refrigerator needs to be repairedEquipped with a... More
Looking for a unique vehicle to add to the garage, one that earns cool points regardless of your social circle? Art & Speed... More
1987 Subaru "Brat" GL 1-Owner Pampered 54k Miles! Stunning Red & White, Recent Total Restoration with 4" Lift Kit, Retaining it's original light tan bucket seat... More
With its classic American styling, the Chevrolet Camaro’s looks will always get people staring at you. This 1980 Z28 Camaro is equipped with the... More
For sale in our Detroit showroom is this very clean 1985 Ford Mustang GT. This very low mile car is still on its second... More
1984 Land Rover Santana 88 Super - Cream Beige with Black Vinyl Front Seats and Rear Seats, Dark Gray Carpeting, Left Hand Drive, 6/7... More
1980 Datsun 280 ZX Black Coupe - 5 Speed - T-Top One Owner – Not Rusted – Well Maintained – Garaged Miscellaneous History: Rust Proofed when New Recent Clutch... More
1984 Pontiac Trans Am 15th-Anniversary Recaro EditionBlack metallic exterior with Gold PinstripingEquipped with a 5.0 Liter V8 4-Barrel and a 5-Speed manual transmissionCurrently with... More
This 1984 Citroen 2 CV Club (Type AZ Series KA) will be available spring 2015 and is resting safely in a nice buildin, on... MoreCourses & Curriculum
Online Master of Science in Health Information Technology Curriculum
Graduates must complete 36 credit hours (12 courses) and successfully complete two 1-credit professional project courses in Health Information Technology.
Total Credit Hours: 38
Course Descriptions for MS in Health Information Technology
ALH 500 Health Care Systems
This course introduces students to the historical development, structure, operation, and current and future directions of the major components of the American health care delivery system. It examines the ways in which health care services are organized and delivered, the influences that impact health care public policy decisions, factors that determine the allocation of health care resources and the establishment of priorities, and the relationship of health care costs to measurable benefits. The course enables students to understand the role of organized efforts to influence health policy formulation, and the contributions of medical technology, research findings, and societal values on the evolving health care delivery system in the United States.
HIT 515 Introduction to Health IT
This course traces the development of IT systems in health care and public health, beginning with the experiments of the 1960s and culminating in the HITECH Act. The course focuses on the concept of meaningful use of technology and the federally required stages of Meaningful Use.
HIT 525 Introduction to Information and Computer Science
This course is recommended for students without an IT background providing: a basic overview of computer architecture; data organization, representation and structure; networking; and data communication. Includes basic terminology of computing.
HIT 535 Understanding EHR’s
This course presents approaches to assessing, selecting, configuring, and using EHRs to meet the specific needs of end-users. Includes discussion of Stages of Meaningful Use and reimbursement. Provides an overview of the most popular vendor systems, highlighting the features of each, as they relate to practical deployments, and noting differences between the systems. Will also include discussion around the use of tools such as registries and clinical decision support.
HIT 545 Health Management Information Systems
This course presents general functions, purposes and benefits of health information systems in various health care settings in terms of their ability to support the requirements of a health care enterprise. Course content lays the foundation for understanding health management information systems (HMIS). Topics include HMIS: applications; planning; management; standards; and case studies.
HIT 555 Networking and Health Information Exchange
This course involves instruction on data mobility (HISP) and other standards, Internet protocols, federations and grids, the National Health Information Network (NHIN) and other nationwide approaches, continuity of care documents, etc.
HIT 600 Health IT Workflow
This course introduces the concepts of health IT and practice workflow redesign as instruments of quality improvement. For those focused on health care, course materials will addresses establishing a culture that uses IT to support improved quality and safety. Approaches to assessing patient safety issues and implementing quality management and reporting through electronic systems will be discussed. For those with IT backgrounds, the course includes fundamentals of health workflow process analysis and redesign as a necessary component of complete practice automation; includes topics of process validation and change management.
HIT 615 Public Health
This course provides an overview of specialized public health applications such as registries, epidemiological databases, and bio-surveillance.
HIT 625 Health IT and Security Privacy
This course will focus on increasing understanding of the State and Federal health care laws and regulations regarding security and privacy. Students will learn to develop health care solutions and strategies within the limitations of these statutes. Students will demonstrate an understanding of HIPAA and how to protect its’ use or guard against misuse.
HIT 635 Planning, Management, and Leadership for Health IT
This course is intended for those preparing for leadership roles and includes the principles of leadership and effective management of teams. Emphasis on the leadership modes and styles best suited to health IT deployment. Students will receive a broad overview of project management including some distinctive characteristics of health IT projects. This unit includes several real life scenarios to illustrate the diversity of projects in health IT.
HIT 645 Teaching Techniques for Health IT Leaders/Managers
This course presents an overview of instructional design tools, teaching techniques and strategies, evaluation of learner competencies, maintenance of training records, and measurement of training program effectiveness.
HIT 655 Working in Teams
This course fosters the development of skills necessary to communicate effectively across the full range of roles that will be encountered in health care settings. Includes experiential activities that help trainees become “team players” by understanding their roles, the importance of communication, and group cohesion.skip graphical navigation
Visit Your Profile
To PBS KIDS
Apps
TV Times
Settings
Back to Activity
Barometer
Next Sci
your results
Sent in by:
Amy of Walpole, MA
Oh, the air pressure! Build a gadget to measure it.
Materials Needed
large jar. A spaghetti sauce jar works well.
2 straws
balloon
small triangle cut out of poster board or construction paper
rubber Bands
ruler
paper
Instructions
Cut the neck off of the balloon.
Stretch the balloon over the opening of the jar.
Secure it with a rubber band.
Tape the two straws together.
Tape one end of the straws to the top of the balloon stretched over the opening of the jar. The straws should stick out about 8 inches perpendicularly from the jar.
Tape the small triangle to the end of the straws to make a pointer for your barometer.
To make a scale, cut a piece of paper so it measures 30 by 6 centimeters.
Starting at the bottom of the paper, mark 21 lines that are one centimeter apart all the way up the paper.
Again, starting at the bottom of the paper, label the lines from 1 to 21.
Hang the scale on the wall. Put the barometer next to it, with the pointer lined up with the 11 line on the scale.
To record your data, make a chart that has columns labeled: Date, Barometric Reading, Weather Today.
Each day, look at where the pointer of the barometer is pointing to. Then, on your chart, write down the number along with the date and the weather. Soon you'll see a pattern.
When the pointer on your barometer is pointing at the high numbers it shows that air pressure is pushing down a lot on the balloon. When the pointer on your barometer is pointing at the lower numbers, the air pressure is not pushing that hard on the balloon. So, usually when you have high pressure you have nice, sunny weather. When you have low pressure, you have rainy weather.
You can also send us your pictures or video of this ZOOMsci:
ZOOMsci
ZOOM
Box 350
Boston, MA 02134
Chelsea, age 13 of Denver, CO
wrote:
This barometer did not cooperate very well. It stayed on 11 the whole time!
Lauren, age 13 of Henderson, TN
wrote:
I got the low pressure and high pressures but once it was in the middle.
Gillian, age 12 of Springfield, OH
wrote:
It rally worked! Maybe I think, but I couldnt get an accurate pressure compared to the real ones.
Emily, age 13 of Mesquite, TX
wrote:
It did not work at all! I don't know what happened. But we changed the design 15 times it just wouldn't work!
David, age 10 of Campbell, OH
wrote:
The air in the barometer pushed up the baloon top and made the straw move to the number on the peice of paper.
Chelsey, age 11 of Woodstock, IL
wrote:
I think it worked really well when I tried it. I used it April through August, when it popped. It was quite helpful, because our teacher taught us that low pressure means a storm of some kind, so I could tell when a thunder storm was coming.
Steven, age 11 of Canton, MI
wrote:
It worked out great. I tried it for my project and I got an A on it. It was accurate most of the time and sometimes I was a little off.
Shriya, age 8 of Sunnyvale, CA
wrote:
When you made the barometer, what pressures did you record and how did you analyze your data? I have made a barometer myself and I think that yours worked better than mine did. The projects that you make on the show are very cool and obviously practiced.
Margarita of Baldwin, NY
wrote:
I loved this experiment! I guess it was a very sunny day out when I did this experiment because the balloon got so full, it poped!
Jarred, age 9 of Olathe, KS
wrote:
When I tried this experment, It worked!!! It went up on sunny days and down on rainy days. I want to be a meterologist when I grow up, so I like it.
Aksa, age 11 of Norwich, CT
wrote:
Well, I tried making the barometer and it was alot of fun. Then I told my teacher about it and she loved it and I mean she loved it so much she said that she is going to use it next year. I got a A+ on my Science grades. Thanks for inventing the Barometer.
Jarred, age 9 of Olathe, KS
wrote:
It worked!!! I made a chart and recorded the barometric pressure.
Dheevena, age 12 of Ft. Wayne, IN
wrote:
I used it for Science Fair because I was talking about weather and I tested it myself. I loved it! Maybe I could make my own weather channel!!!
Tricia, age 13 of Linville, NC
wrote:
This project was so neat! It actually worked when I tried it, and I entered it in the science fair and got 3rd place!(and it is SO hard to actually get a place in our science fair)
Bronwyn, age 9
wrote:
I liked the barometer a lot! And it worked really well! I love show keep it up!!!
Tianna, age 9 of Columbia, SC
wrote:
I collected my data and at certain days there was bod and good weather.
|
|
|
PBS Kids Privacy Policy
|
© 1998-2010 WGBH
Back to ZOOMsci Index
Send us your ZOOMsci feedback!
Printer-Friendly Version
not yet implementedThe No-Hassle Projector
Does the cost and hassle of changing projector lamps and dust
filters have you down? Acer’s K520 hybrid laser-LED projector has neither,
which can save a lot of time and money over its lifetime. The trick is that rather than
an expensive high-pressure lamp, the K520 uses a combination of laser and LED
light to put 2,000 lumens in XGA resolution onto a screen. Able to fill a
25-foot screen, the K520 has
ports for VGA, HDMI, component-, composite- and S-video connections. It can
work with 3-D material and weighs in at 8.9-pounds. The K520 costs $1,600 and has an estimated life
of 20,000 hours, or roughly 12.5 years of maintenance-free school use. 28 through the start of normal business on Tuesday, June 1.
MassDOT has several resources available to assist motorists. Before you travel, check the interactive Traffic Cameras web page for live looks at current traffic.
And drivers are encouraged to sign up at the new 511 Traveler Information Service which expanded statewide this week. The new 511 offers personalized travel information. Check out the USDOT Distracted Driving page for tips and news.freestyle aerial
Dot Physics
Tag archives for freestyle aerial
My last Olympics post may have been a little complicated. I am going to try to make this one a little easier. In this post, I want to look at the landing portion of a ski jump. This could apply to THE ski jump, but there are some things in that even that make it…I have to admit, I thought CPA’s would be the very LAST people to join Twitter, but
Already several of our members are “tweeting” about
I thought this article gave some nice reasons why CPAsare getting involved plus specific tips on what to write about (which is always the biggest problem). Here are a few highlights:
Reasons to get involved:
One CPA started tweeting so “people won't think he's a dinosaur when it comes to technology, and because he believes that the way Twitter is evolving and growing will only add credibility to people who post quality content consistently”
Another CPA started using Twitter about six months ago “to advise business leaders and to follow some of the "great thinkers" in the profession. "Twitter is a wonderful medium to 'speed learn' as all posts are small and concise," he said.”
What to Write About:
“The CPAs who are using Twitter and who are doing it right are letting their interests and expertise show - and there are basic tactics on how to accomplish that. First, find an article that your target audience might be interested in, such as a change in the tax law, and treat it just as a link. Second, "retweet" or repost an interesting article, including a question to clients about their opinions on the said post. Third, you can step it up a bit and include your opinion as a CPA and how you would approach the issue at hand as a problem to solve.”
“Tweeters should stay away from posting anything resembling a sales pitch, and instead focus on providing information and passing along facts - such as links to articles explaining new regulations.”
What about you? Do you think there is a reason for CFOs and other Financial Professionals to use Twitter? Do you think it is a valuable networking and research tool or a passing trend?
Even
By CAL Business Solutions –
[…] I have to admit, I thought CPA ‚Äôs would be the very LAST people to join Twitter, but this WebCPA article proves me wrong.¬† And if CPA ‚Äôs and CPA firms are doing it, that means all the rest of you financial folks might start jumping …Continue Reading […]Exploration Tools and Techniques
GGL explores mineral properties using every available technology.
- GGL’s proprietary database is made up of assessment reports of all diamond exploration activity in the NT for the last 15 years, government data, as well as data purchased through private sources. (Exploration companies must submit assessment work of $2 per acre per year in order to keep their claims current.)
The GGL Database includes:
- 300 GB of data in 29,000 map layers, representing geology, geophysics, topography, claims, bathymetry, airphotos, satellite images, sampling and drill sites, and man-made features.
- Land Status - what lands are available and what claims are coming available.
GGL has also developed a proprietary software program that allows the Company to enter, effectively manage, and manipulate the data.
GGL uses the data base to help define areas of interest for possible acquisition. Once a claim is acquired, the database is enhanced with information from our own sampling, geophysical and geochemical surveys. With all the information combined and accessible, we are able to identify potential drill targets.
Diamond claim sampling:
- Samples originate on property.
- 20 liter bucket filled with glacial till
- position located and recorded using a GPS
- notes taken
- sample tagged
- Samples sent to SRC mineralogical lab in Saskatchewan where they are concentrated.
- Samples are reduced to a small vial of glacial till concentrate.
- Selected indicator minerals are examined with a microprobe to determine the chemistry of the grains which will aid in determining the quality (diamond potential) of the kimberlite pipe.
Geophysical airborne and ground surveys:
- Magnetic and electromagnetic surveys are used to help pinpoint kimberlite pipes.
- Magnetic surveys measure the earth’s magnetic field.
- Electromagnetic surveys generate an electromagnetic field in the earth and since an eroding kimberlite surface is often conductive, this type of survey can be conclusive.
Geophysical airborne and ground surveys are used in conjunction with ground sampling to explore for diamondiferous kimberlite pipes.avail pool aerobics
The water is warm.
Yes, the Brookings City Pool is open for summer fun but also for Adult Exercise and Aerobics. The schedule expanded the times adults can swim laps, exercise and participate in aerobics.
This year there is no additional charge for aerobics, no need to sign up; just drop in anytime it is scheduled. Your season pass will get you in or you can buy a Ten Swim Pass or pay per visit.
I hope you will at least try this wonderful asset available at 1130 Ransom Ave.
Eunice Hakanson
Brookings
harvey high marks
For those who haven’t seen the Chetco Pelican Players presentation of “Harvey,” do plan to attend one of the remaining performances.
This is an outstanding production in all areas: excellent casting and direction, stage sets, lighting, etc. — all top-notch achievements.
Unlike musical performances of familiar works, take into account what each actor/actress has to undertake in remembering lines for just this one productions, and portraying the character with the help of excellent direction (Tommy Jones and Evan Vest). In addition, there are those behind the scenes who create the sets. This is an area where the Pelican Players have always excelled. The sets are always exceptionally well done and never a disappointment.
Key performers Sean Farris, as Elwood Dowd, and Sydney Clinton as Elwood’s sister, do an outstanding and believable portrayal of their characters. Jimmy Stewart would applaud Sean’s characterizations of Elwood and his imaginary rabbit who is observing the performance from the corner of the back row.
A few weekend performances remain, so do plan to see and support our local thespians and little theater, especially when we have so many dedicated individuals willing to undertake demanding productions, such as “Harvey”!
Barbara Wieneke
copper will crop up
Gee. High copper content on the Smith River plain might harm salmonoids?
Does anyone ever look for natural answers? A little research on line shows 50 (FIFTY!) old and existing sources of natural copper in Del Norte with most close to the Rowdy Creek drainage..
Maybe our local salmonoids like copper. They seem to thrive in most local streams.
What will the water testers have us do? Replace all the soil? I think not.
Bob Douglas
Smith River
no travel with bikers
What a lamebrained idea, I thought, as I read about the city’s intention to show preference to bicyclists over the citizens of Brookings who use Railroad Street as one of our main thoroughfares about town!
Not many who drive will be brave enough to pass the slow, meandering, inconsiderate bicyclists who will not pull over to the right to allow more room for passing.
This will, no doubt, cause more of a traffic problem than we already have. Who would want to travel the entire length of Railroad Street at 5 to 10 mph?
This is a poorly-thought-out solution to a non-problem! I am not the only person to think this is a bad idea!
Don’t do it!
Tom Moody
Help a helpful man
After reading your feature article on Bill Clapson and his health crisis and the plea to our local community for help, we realized how much we owe Bill (the Water Man) for all the counsel he has given through the years.
He has given invaluable help and information to many of our friends and neighbors regarding their wells and water systems and offered assistance in implementing procedures. Now is our chance to help Bill with his medical needs.
Donations can be made in the name of Bill’s wife, Glenda Clapson, at either Rogue Federal Credit Union or by mail to Glenda Clapson at P.O. Box 7731, Brookings, OR.
Please join us in this worthy endeavor.
Ron and Sue Morro
Beware sales taxes
Be cautious of sales taxes.
Governments from federal to local worldwide are short of money. Just read the international press. Nearly all are seeking ways to increase revenue in order to maintain services and infrastructure. We are not out of our world recession yet.
As stated in Opinion of June 11, 2013, Curry is a low-income county. For that reason residents said they could not afford the recent proposed house tax increase. I personally know families who are struggling paycheck to paycheck.
The state of Oregon does not have a sales tax, yet. Sen. Mark Hass, D-Beaverton and some other democrats are in favor of a state sales tax of 5 percent; after all, most states have a sales tax. If this new tax and the 3-percent local tax is made law, the total will be 8 percent.
If this burden is thrust upon residents it will make a difference to disposable income which is spent in Curry County stores and restaurants. There will no longer be an incentive to drive from Crescent City to avoid the California sales tax.
Think carefully before passing this new tax. There have been alternatives recommended in this column in recent weeks.
Roger Mitchell
can’t afford the tax
I am against the 3-percent sales tax. It is against business, especially small businesses and people who are low income.
For example, the person buys $50 of supplies that they need, the total comes to $51.50 and this person wants to buy a $5 item. The person only has now $3.50 they can not buy this item. Let’s say that 100 people are in the same position. The store loses $500 because of this tax. The other example is, this person will have to buy less because they can not afford the extra $1.50.
The other thing that I am concerned about: I read in the Curry Pilot that it would cost the Curry County close to half a million dollars get this tax going — money Curry County can not afford.
Again, this 3-percent sales tax is against businesses and people who are low income. Please vote against this 3-percent sales tax.
Lauren Diane Spector
BrookingsHebb, Bobby
From Library of Congress Name Authority File
Hebb, Bobby
URI(s)
Instance Of
Scheme Membership(s)
Collection Membership(s)
Variants
Hebb, Robert von
Von Hebb, Robert
Exact Matching Concepts from Other Schemes
Sources
- found: O'Day, P. Cruisin' 1966 [SR] p1973: label (Bobby Hebb)
- found: WIkipedia WWW site, Aug. 26, 2009 (Bobby Hebb; b. Robert Von Hebb, July 26, 1938, Nashville, Tenn.; American singer and songwriter)
- found: Los Angeles times WWW site, Aug. 4, 2010 (Bobby Hebb; b. 1938; d. Tuesday [Aug. 3, 2010], Nashville, at 72; singer-songwriter; played spoons and danced with the Smoky Mountain Boys; played trumpet in a military jazz band; played guitar, piano and percussion)
Change Notes
- 1994-06-27: new
- 2010-08-04: revised
Alternate FormatsAll sold out!
Time remaining
Hey you paper - 6 x 6 paper pad
Full of fun, retro images, patterns and colors, this collection is perfect for all kinds of projects.
Hey you paper - 12 x 12 paper pad
We hand-picked this because: breaking the ice is one difficult task! How do you even start? We are here to help out with an easy way to begin sharing your sentiments thanks to the BasicGrey Hey You collection..Now Playing
Connect with Us
Podcasts & RSS Feeds
Most Active Stories
Featured Hosts
My Big Break
After Assault, Woman Finds Hope And Career In Restorative Justice
Originally published on Mon July 7, 2014 8:28 am
As part of a series called "My Big Break," All Things Considered is collecting stories of triumph, big and small. These are the moments when everything seems to click, and people leap forward into their careers.
Lorenn Walker works to help both victims and offenders after crimes are committed. She's a restorative lawyer from the North Shore of Oahu in Hawaii, where she focuses on violence prevention and works on re-entry programs for prisoners.
Her work in restorative justice began after a personal encounter with crime, when she was assaulted 38 years ago.
"My friend worked in Waikiki — she was a bartender — and I was meeting her to go out dancing when she got off work," Walker says. "I was intoxicated and went out the wrong door of the hotel where the bar was that she worked in."
Walker found herself in a dark alley, where she was approached by a man she didn't know.
"All of a sudden, he grabbed my breast," Walker says. "I said, 'What are you doing?' And he said, 'Shut up or I'll kill you.' "
The man punched her in the face, then strangled her as she lay helplessly on the pavement.
"I just thought about my daughter," she says. "I was a single parent of a 5-year-old daughter and the only thing I could think of to say to this guy was, 'I have a baby.' "
The man stood up and ran away.
"The police came and the ambulance came, and I was assigned to a psychologist named Harold Hall," she says.
During therapy, Hall encouraged Walker to apply for college.
"I didn't finish high school. I only finished the ninth grade of high school," Walker says. "Before I got attacked, my life was really pretty much dead-end. ... I think I really was depressed even before it happened."
She finally enrolled in college, and ended up loving it.
"A year after the attack happened, I decided I wanted to be a lawyer because I was interested in justice," she says. "I finished my bachelor's degree at the University of Hawaii and then I went to law school in Boston."
Seven years after the attack, she graduated from law school and took the Hawaii bar exam — at the same hotel where police found her that night in 1976.
"The person who hurt me, he was never found," Walker says. "That incident has really motivated my work that I have done in restorative justice, working with people who have been victimized by crime and also working with people who have committed crimes."
Walker says she has deep empathy for other victims, and she also feels for those who have performed acts of violence.
"I still think we have to give people hope that they can change," she says. "I think that restorative justice is about helping people heal."
She says her work helps her heal, too.
"My big break was a really traumatic experience," she says. "I think that no matter what happens to us, we can find some way that it strengthens us. It could have ruined me, but it didn't."
9(MDAxNTAxMzAyMDEyOTc4NzE3ODJmZjE0OQ004))
Transcript
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
It's time now for the latest installment of our series My Big Break about triumphs, big and small. Lorenn Walker is a restorative lawyer from Oahu's North Shore in Hawaii. That means she designs programs to help victims and offenders after a crime is committed. Her work in this field started after she was assaulted 38 years ago.
LORENN WALKER: My friend worked in Waikiki. She was a bartender. And I was meeting her to go out dancing when she got off work. Definitely, I was intoxicated. And I went out the wrong door of the hotel where the bar was that she worked in. And so I ended up in this dark alley. And then a few minutes later, one guy by himself started walking down the road towards me. All of a sudden, he grabbed my breast, and I said, what are you doing? And he said, shut up or I'll kill you. The next thing I remember is I was down on the ground. He was on top of me. He had his 10 fingers wrapped tightly around my neck. He was asphyxiating me. I couldn't breathe. And I just - I thought about my daughter. I had a 5-year-old daughter. I was a single parent of a 5-year-old daughter. And the only thing I could think of to say this guy was I have a baby. I said it, and he let me go.
The police came and the ambulance came. And I was assigned to a therapist named Harold Hall, who is a psychologist. And after a while - after about a month or two he started talking to me about going to college. I didn't finish high school. I only finished the ninth grade of high school. Before the incident happened, before I got attacked, my life was really pretty much a dead end. I wasn't really doing anything productive. I was just - I think I really was depressed even before it happened. And I ended up loving college.
A year after the attack happened, I decided I wanted to be a lawyer because I was interested in justice. And I finished my bachelor's degree at the University of Hawaii. And then I went to law school in Boston to Northeastern University. And I graduated right on time. Exactly seven years after being attacked, I graduated from law school. And I took the Hawaii State Bar at the same hotel where the police and the ambulance found me that night in 1976. The person who hurt me, he was never apprehended, he was never found. And that incident has really motivated my work that I have done in restorative justice working with people who have been victimized by crime and also working with people who have committed crimes. In my case - the people who have been attacked. I have really deep empathy for them. For the people who've done things like that, and I've worked with a lot of people who have done violent things to people and to women. I think I also have empathy for them.
I still think that we have to give people hope that they can change. I think that restorative justice is about helping people heal. And what I've gotten out of it is that it's helped me heal. Yeah. My big break was a really traumatic experience. And I think that no matter what happens to us, we can find some way that it strengthens us. And it could've, like, ruined me, but it didn't.
MCEVERS: That's Lorenn Walker, a restorative lawyer from Oahu's North Shore in Hawaii. We want to hear about your big break. Send us an email at mybigbreak@npr.org. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.Vans comes through this month with a new colorway release of its classic Sk8-Hi model. The pair has been done up in canvas and suede, as green branding pops atop the Dark Shadow-colored base. Contrasting white laces then accompany the skate set, matching the midsole underneath accordingly. You can pick these up today through Vans accounts like Eastbay for $60.
Watch NowGolda Elinor Anderson, 97 years, passed to her Heavenly home on Feb. 1, 2013, at Heart of the Ozarks Healthcare, Ava, Mo., with her son, Arthur, by her side.
Golda was born Oct. 15, 1915 in Douglas County, Mo., to William Everett and Flora Abbigail (Huff) Klineline.
Golda was a lifelong resident of Douglas County and the Squires community. On Feb. 2, 1933 Golda and Leon Mitchell Anderson were united in marriage in Hartville, Mo., and to this union three children were born.
Golda was a homemaker and a gardener. She was known for her recipes. She worked on the farm with her husband and daughter, Flora Jane.
She was a Christian and a charter member along with her husband, of the Highway Church of the Nazarene in Ava. Her joy was being with her family and her church family. She taught a Sunday School class for 65 years and was awarded the Teacher of the Year Award at the Nazarene District Assembly in Joplin, Mo., in July of 2000.
Golda was preceded in death by her parents; two daughters, Fannie Jean Lewis and Flora Jane Anderson; and a brother, John Russell Klineline.
Golda is survived by one son and wife, Arthur and Marilyn Anderson, South Park, Pa.; two grandchildren, David Paul Anderson (Kristin), Midland, Mich., and Catherine Lynn Salay (Terry), Bethel Park, Pa.; two great-grandchildren, Luke Joseph and Grace Elizabeth Anderson; a sister-in-law, Wilma Klineline, Ava, Mo.; and other relatives and friends.
Funeral services for Golda will be Friday, Feb. 8, 2013, at 2 p.m. in the Highway Church of the Nazarene, Ava, Mo., with burial in the Ava Cemetery. Visitation will be Thursday from 6 to 7 p.m. in the Clinkingbeard Funeral Home, Ava, Mo. Officiating will be Pastor Mark Hatcher; grandson, the Rev. David Anderson; and Rev. John Moles.
Memorials may be made to Highway Church of the Nazarene Building Fund, RR 2 Box 774, Ava, MO 65608; or Gideons International.
Online condolences may be made to home.com.
Golda Elinor (Klineline) Anderson, 97
Golda Elinor Anderson, 97 years, passed to her Heavenly home on Feb. 1, 2013, at Heart of the Ozarks Healthcare, Ava, Mo., with her son, Arthur, by her side.… only.
The inventory isn’t amazing from a price/quality perspective compared to how things were in the past, the promotion is pretty much non-existent and the list could go on and on. I hope Sedo will give GreatDomains the attention it deserves in the future because these auctions deserve to be a part of our industry but without a proper strategy, the format most likely won’t survive.
Here are some of the domains that are being auctioned this month:
Santa.com
Bubble.com
Sombreros.com
Television.info
Aunt.net
LL.co.uk domains (BY.co.uk, EZ.co.uk, OV.co.uk, HE.co.uk and several others)
Fame.co.uk
Analyst.co.uk
To analyze the entire list, click HERE.Advertisement: DomainingServers.com lets you host UNLIMITED domains at $0.98/month and we're putting a LIFETIME money back guarantee on the table (if you're not satisfied, we'll issue a full refund). To place an order, click HERE.A daily collection of linky goodness.
Collection Munchausen Lustre – Ugly home
A very cool ceiling “chandelier”!
Rating: 4
Tags: chandelier, decoration
Halo 3 Believe
A very cool and immersive diorama of Halo 3!
Rating: 5
Tags: halo 3, halo, 3d, diorama, bungie
Lights Out San Francisco
A hour when everyone in San Francisco is going to turn off their lights!
Rating: 5
Tags: san francisco, sustainability
O’Reilly Network — Women Who Risk: Making Women in Technology Visible
Where are all the women? Tara Hunt will tell you where we all are and why she thinks it is harder to find us than it should be.
Rating: 5
Cocoa Grove | Downloads
Cocoa Grove. Icons and Wallpapers download page.
Rating: 4
View all my bookmarks on Ma.gnoliaReview Details
R200 OmniFilter Inline Water Filtration System
Product Rating:
Product Review (submitted on June 18, 2011):
I cannot fathom why I waited almost 7 years to install a filter for the fridge. The lousy tasting water I have had to put up with is gone. Hard to believe how good it tastes and how simple this is to installHello all Histonetters I don't know if this is the done thing as I am new to the Histonet, but I am looking for a job in California, around the San Diego area preferably. I am currently the technical Lab manager in a general hospital Histology department in England. I can send my resume to anyone interested. Thanks for your help Steve Jones Histology Department Manor HospitalNo recent wiki edits to this page. Miho is an enforcer for the Old Town Girls, however there is no indication that she is a prostitute herself.Much of her past is unknown. She never speaks indicating that she may be mute.The only man that has not met his end with Miho is Dwight McCarthy with whom she has an unspoken friendship ever since he saved her from Tong Gangsters several years before "A Dame to Kill For". Dwight is the only person that she has ever shown to have any kind of physical affection toward. Dwight often refers to her as "Deadly little Miho."Miho's favorite weapons are her twin Katana Swords, she can use them with great speed and deadly accuracy.Deadly little MihoWhen Dwight is shot multiple times in "A Dame to Kill For" he takes refuge in Old Town telling the girls about how he saved Miho from the Tong years earlier. This honor bounds the girls to help Dwight.It is also during a raid on the estate of Ava Lord that Miho makes an enemy out of Manute when she crucifies him to a wall with her Katanas. Ever since then Manute has a strong hatred for the Girls of Old Town.In "The Big Fat Kill" Miho kills Jack "Jackie Boy" Rafferty when he pulls a gun on Becky one of the Old Town Girls. Later when Dwight is attacked by Irish Mercenaries sent by Wallenquist to retrieve the body of Rafferty in a bid to take over Old Town, Miho saves Dwight after he sinks into one of the Tar Pits. She then plays a key role in setting up Manute and the other Wallenquist Enforcers for the final fight between Wallenquist and the Old Town Girls.In "Family Values" Miho and Dwight get caught up in a war between Mafia Crime Families of Don Magliozzi and Boss Wallenquist after one of the Old Town Girls is assassinated. Again Miho plays a large role in getting revenge for the murdered prostitute.Miho is tiny. Standing a mere 4' 10" and weighing less than 100 pounds, she is however very strong for her size and incredibly quick. She is highly skilled in the use of swords and other bladed weapons, as well as thrown weapons such as shuriken and she appears to practice some form of Martial Art. She is also highly skilled in the use of a bow and arrow. She seems to be totally cold and fearless and likes to play with her opponents especially those that use anti-Japanese racial slurs with whom she becomes extremely sadistic.Frank Miller once referred to Miho as one of the "Supernatural Demons" of Sin City and that Miho is the good demon while Kevin is the evil one.Miho was portrayed by Devon Aoki in the 2005 Film Adaptation.Devon Aoki as Miho
Log in to commentWe believe in the power of people.
And that together, we can accomplish amazing things.
How it works
Create a Fundraising page
Starting a fundraiser is a big decision that takes courage. We’re here to make your entire process an easy, joyful and memorable experience. The best advice we can give, is to tell a compelling story. No need to write a novel, but you should be specific about how the money will make an impact on your loved one who needs support.
After answering a few questions about the fundraiser, the person you are raising money for, and yourself — hit “Submit” and it will be active.
Things you'll need to get the best start
Using our data, research and a little creativity, we’ve gathered a few things that can really get your fundraiser started off on the right foot. For an in-depth list of ideas, visit our fundraising ideas page.
Team Captain refers to the person who started and is running the fundraiser. Team Members help share and also run the fundraiser. The Funds Manager (who must be a US citizen) controls your fundraiser's money.
Each fundraiser will be assigned a Personal Coach. Feel free to contact them with questions or for advice via email or over the phone.
Fundraiser Guidelines
GiveForward recognizes that every situation is different. We like to focus on fundraisers that empower compassion. GiveForward fundraisers work best for:
- Medical Expenses including travel, medical equipment and service animals
- Out-of-pocket living expenses that are associated with an illness or injury
- “Bucket lists” associated with a terminal illness
- Funeral expenses or memorial funds
Spread the word to friends,
family, & the world.
Sharing your loved one's story can make a big impact on the success of your fundraiser. We've witnessed thousands of people coming together to accomplish amazing things.
Gain early momentum by sharing your fundraiser with friends and family, who are likely to be early supporters. Then, promote your page via email, Facebook, and other social media. Next, post updates to keep people informed.
Supporters can give using a credit or debit card.
The Importance of adding Team Members
- Team Members can post updates, add photos, and share your fundraiser with their contacts.
- Adding just one Team Member may increase page views by 150%.
- Adding the person you are helping as a Team Member is a great idea. This way, they can play a more active role in reaching their goal amount.
A big benefit of social media is the ability for your fundraiser to "go viral" — meaning your fundraiser is seen and shared by many different people all at once. But if that's not your thing, you can always choose to hide your page from search results.
Collect hugs & gifts (donations)
Our payment process is quick, easy, and customizable. The Funds Manager can choose how and when the funds will be distributed, so the person you are raising money for can get the help they need, when they need it. We do have a small fee that covers the things that keep us running. To learn more, visit our fees section (or scroll down just a bit).
Gifts (donations) and Hugs (words of encouragement) stay on your fundraising page forever. After your fundraiser closes, a custom, hard-bound book featuring your Gifts and Hugs will be ready to order. You can continue to post and share Updates online, too.
Fundraising Websites Charge Similar Processing Fees.
Our Service Empowers You to Raise More Money.
Here's how it works
Our fee is 7.9% + $0.50 per transaction
Approximately 2.9% + $0.50 goes to our online payment service provider. We use the remaining 5% to maintain our staff of fundraising coaches and developers who work hard to make sure you have the technology and personal support you need to make your fundraiser a success.
People raise more money on GiveForward.
With our features, tips, and mobile app, Fundraisers on GiveForward raise 21% more on average than our leading competitor. We give back to Fundraisers with our Community Program and Create Unexpected Joy for families, too.Learn how
We're seriously serious when it comes to
Payment Security
There's no need to worry when creating or giving to a fundraiser. GiveForward uses the latest encryption technology to ensure privacy and security. We never give out your contact info or sell information about who you're raising money for, Team Members or Supporters. Those practices are frustrating, annoying and not very joyful for our users or anyone, so we make certain it'll never happen.
We have coaches.
Who all just happen to be amazing.
GiveForward assigns a personal Fundraising Coach to each and every fundraiser, to provide you with guidance and support. That’s a picture of them right up there and no, it’s not a stock photo. They’re real people with real hobbies, allergies, superstitions, quirks, and well you get the idea. They’re willing to help, not only because it’s their job, but because they truly care about your fundraiser. Contact them via phone or email.
Meet AdrienneAdrienne makes a mean gazpacho and can usually be found outside, in the company of her many four-legged friends. The road to her heart is paved in tropical popsicles.
Meet MichaelMichael loves breakfast for dinner and only wears hair product when he might be photographed.
Meet LokeshGoes by the nickname Lokey (Loki) - the Norse god of mischief and likes his food so incredibly hot that no one else can eat it. He also talks to plants.
Meet KelliKelli is on a mission to visit, attend a game and eat a hot dog at all 30 MLB stadiums during her lifetime. She has 7 down and only 23 more to go.
Meet EricaErica is proudly rockin’ the suburbs, where there is plenty of space for her cats to roam while she tries out every new Pinterest recipe and HGTV DIY project.
Meet ElyseElyse is a Jersey girl whose heart now belongs to the Midwest. She dreams of living on a farm with her cat and oatmeal cream pie collections.DGAP-PVR: KION GROUP AG: Withdrawal of releases according to Article 26, Section 1 of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading Act] with the objective of Europe-wide distribution.04: Withdrawal of releases according to Article 26, Section 1 of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading
Save
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.Stardust: Legacy Edition.
As usual, Willie’s instinct proved correct: Three decades later, Stardust remains a perfectly conceived meeting of singer, songs and sound. With the help of Booker T.’s sympathetic production, Willie liberates tunes like “Blue Skies” and “All of Me” from decades’ worth of tuxedoed lounge singers. This new “Legacy Edition” reissue includes an additional disc that features other standards Willie recorded between 1976 and 1990, a well-assembled selection demonstrating that his knack for performing these songs neither began nor ended with Stardust. Nonetheless, it is the original album itself that stands tall as an inarguable testament to one man’s genre-blind love for a great song. to credit unions, and they will all benefit from this newfound relationship. We are the pinnacle of service and security when it comes to credit card processing and our cutting-edge payment gateway is fully PCI-compliant.
Would you like some additional information on the exact ways Prestashop and BluePay can benefit your company? Contact us today and we will assign a representative to your query as soon as possible. Don’t delay – fill out the form now.
If you offer e-commerce services to online retailers and would like to partner with one of the best payment processing solutions providers in the country, talk to us. We’re always looking for great companies with which to forge a strategic alliance.Learn More and Get StartedNeighborhood will soon release their Spring/Summer 2009 Cobra Sneakers. The Cobra sneaker comes both as a high top and a low top, both coming in black premium leather with white sole and white print details. Look out for these in the near future.
Get the latest news, product reviews and features directly into your inbox.DREAMING SPOTS LEASING Apartments2116 E 71st St, Chicago, IL 60649 View On Map (773) 633-2369
For rates, availability, and other information fill out the availability request form and a representative from DREAMING SPOTS LEASING Apartments will contact you shortly
Dreaming Spots Leasing is located in the Chicago Area in the 60649 zip code. View this apartment on a map.
Back to Top
Maps & Directions
click to view interactive mapRIDING IN CARS WITH BOYS (2001)
CAST
Drew Barrymore
Brittany Murphy
Steve Zahn
Adam Garcia
James Woods
Lorraine Bracco
Sara Gilbert
Peter Facinelli
Cody Arens
DIRECTED BY
Penny Marshall
PURCHASE
Movie
Soundtrack
Book
Poster
"I didn't go past first base which means nothing below the waist...my waist not his."
Time: 132 mins.
Rating: PG-13
Official Website
Genre: Comedy/Romance/Drama
The two things that save this from being a run of the mill movie-of-the-week is the cast and the setting. The fact that it's "based on a true story" means nothing since the tale of a life derailed by teen pregnancy is not a new one. The era the 1960s puts something of a spin on the situation since getting pregnant as a teen in those days pretty much ostracized you from decent society. Barrymore's character now faces a life she doesn't want, nor believe she deserves. We're told that she's special and should have gone on to great things instead of being a single mom barely making ends meet. Yet that spark is never unleashed. It's all anger and self-doubt from start to finish. It's wonderful that she eventually beats the odds and is able to make her dreams of becoming a writer come true. However, her road to success, and maturity, is a fairly annoying one. Even Barrymore's inherent likability isn't enough to save her character's bitter disappointment and myopic selfishness from bringing the entire film down.
Beverly's problems begin the night she meets Ray (Zahn). Humiliated by the man of her dreams, she settles for Ray because he attempts to regain her honor. What she fails to realize is that her knight in shining armor is nothing more than a directionless loser. Sure, he's sweet and he really cares for her, but he's not exactly husband material. Once she gets pregnant, her parents don't really give her a choice. Her despair is slightly lifted when she discovers her best friend Fay (Murphy) is pregnant as well. However, the baby's arrival brings further disappointment. It's a boy. Now she has to care for two males while trying to finish high school and prepare for college. Despite her best efforts, life continually seems to conspire against her.
Her only source of happiness is her friendship with Fay. Motherhood is far from easy, especially when you marry men who can barely tie their own shoes. Together they manage to get through the trials and tribulations life throws in their direction. Beverly doesn't mind being a loser in love. What she can't stand is the thought of only being a mother. It takes a lot of seriously bad mistakes for her to realize that her obsession with attending college is what's ruining her life, not her failure to get there. In the end, she uses her own experiences the worst years of her life to make her dream of becoming a published author come true.
While this should be an inspirational story about overcoming obstacles and finding joy in motherhood, it's a study in how one unbelievably dumb decision can wreak havoc on your life for years to come. It's a film every parent should show their preteen daughters as a deterrent for sex. Maybe they'd think twice after watching Barrymore bitch and complain for over two hours. Yes, even good girls get knocked up, and even though this is a true story, I find it unbelievable that it happens to Beverly. No girl that obsessed with her future would throw it all away for a quickie in the backseat of a Chevy. I don't care if the loser rescued her from the arms of Death himself. Then she compounds the awfulness of the situation with every breath she takes. It's no wonder it took years for her to make it to NYU. Her decision-making skills are appalling. Granted, she's not an adult, but it's a sad day when the child shows more maturity than the parent.
Her behavior as an adult fails to improve. Since she had to wait 20 years to achieve her goals, she's going to make damn sure that Jason lives the life she never had whether he wants to or not. The present day scenes, with Jason as a young adult, are even more obnoxious than the flashbacks. How Barrymore found anything about this character worthwhile is beyond me. It may be more complex than playing an "angel," but it's far less entertaining for the viewer. Perhaps the book is less grating than the film. As it stands, this is about as painful and enjoyable as watching a train wreck. Bracco, Woods and Zahn manage to bring some joy and positive energy to the film. Unfortunately, their parts are too small to really matter. The story uncovers the true difficulties of teen motherhood, which is important, but in a far from compelling or empathetic manner. Even fans of Barrymore should beware of this downer. It appears that Penny Marshall is losing her touch. This film lacks the humor, honesty and humanity of her past efforts.
|
reviews
|
actors
|
actresses
|
film heaven
|
all reviews
Needcoffee
US-Frostmourne blood elf priest 90 (armory)
Alts and Transfers: Main Coffeeneeded (Jubei'Thos), Bellyfluff, Blackcoffee, Inkspot, Pudency, Addcoffee (Jubei'Thos), Needcoffee , 2015 Needcoffee left guild
Aggressive Progression
- Oct 3, 2011 Needcoffee joined guild
Aggressive Progression
- Aug 24, 2011 Needcoffee left guild
Handfish Society
- Dec 14, 2010 Needcoffee joined guild
Handfish Society
- Oct 10, 2010 Needcoffee left guild
Tenebrae
- Sep 10, 2010 Needcoffee joined guild
Tenebrae
- Sep 10, 2010 Needcoffee left guild
Prodigal Sun
- Feb 23, 2010 Needcoffee joined guild
Prodigal Sun Opening Reception, January 13, 2015, 5:30 p.m. The exhibit runs until March 20th. Here are all of the details on artists, lectures, and workshops at Yale
These banners were created for the Shelburne Museum's Circus Day In America exhibition that celebrates the golden age of circus. Watch the video to get a behind-the-scenes look at the creative process and my studio.Scholarship honors Billie Stong
(08-01-2011)
The Adams State archives include the name of the first student to receive a master's degree from the college. In 1945, Francis "Billie" (Chisholm) Stong earned her graduate degree. A mother of ten, five of whom also received degrees at Adams State, Stong taught third grade in Alamosa for over 25 years.
Photo courtesy of Stong family. Billie Stong received her master's degree on August 25, 1945.
Her family recently established a scholarship in her honor and memory for San Luis Valley graduates majoring in education. The first recipient will receive the $1000 award for the 2012-2013 academic year. Dave Stong '81, said his mother's compassion about all people and her caring attitude followed her in her career and home life. "I miss my mom every day."
The Stong family teaching tradition continues with Billie's daughters, Patty Relyea '71, '72, and Margaret Stong '77 '89, and her grandchildren, Sarah Ramirez '04, and Matthew Relyea '04 '06, all choosing a career in education in the San Luis Valley.Washington at the Commander Hotel in Cambridge (Boston 1775)
An interesting history-related post from Boston 1775:
A couple of decades later, Frank A. K. Boland was the hotel’s owner. He had once been an attorney representing the American Hotel Association. (He had been disbarred in 1909 for bribing a court clerk and reinstated in 1912; that seems have to have been a normal way of doing business in New York then.)
I haven’t found ...
Read the original post.
Learn more on this topic from our recommended AP history review books.This is a split board - You can return to the Split List for other boards.
WoW is for losers.
XNo_FearX posted...WoW is for losers.oh damn... you got us there. want to know what type of people are losers: anyone who smokes or drinks.
anyone who smokes or drinks.
kingdrake2 posted...anyone who smokes or drinks.LOL, you're no better than the guy you responded to.Product 22/31
FL 401 Grain Rye Seed - (Florida Black Rye) Florida 401 rye is commonly referred to as "Florida Black Rye." FL 401 Grain rye comes up early in the season and is widely used for windbreaks, erosion control, cover crops, winter cattle forage, haylege and for weed suppression in the cool season. FL 401 Grain Rye is much taller than other varieties. Grain Rye varieties have extensive root systems making them among the best green manures for improving soil. While it stabilizes excess soil and manure nitrogen it also is an excellent soil renovator and pioneer crop for new fields. FL 401 Grain rye can reach a height of 4 to 5 feet tall and is very fast to establish, producing deer feed in as little as fourteen days in ideal conditions. This winter grazer rye grain is preferred by deer, turkey, and rabbit. Planting Instructions: Broadcast: 50-100 lbs. per acre on plowed ground. Drill: 50-75 lbs. per acre on established pasture for winter forage. pH: 5.5 - 6.5 Planting Time: Fall, Winter, Spring Use: Windbreak, Food Plots, Cattle Grazing, Haylege, Cover Crop Fertilization Instructions: 300 lbs. of 18-06-12 or 20-05-10 fertilizer
For DISCOUNTS on order over 250 lbs. CLICK HERE! ->Is There A Future In Bendable Gaming? Mike Fahey and 78 othersEditDelete InviteInvite manuallyPromoteXDismissXUndismissBlock for kotakuHide Motion-sensing, camera control, thought control; it's all been done before, or has it? A team from Queen's University in Ontario has created a new way to play games using a bendable projection screen and a shoulder-mounted projector. » 4/28/10 1:20pm 4/28/10 1:20pmCook this sophisticated starter for a romantic dinner for two. Use the best quality prawns that you can afford to make this extra special.
1 corn on the cob
10 Strangford prawns (or other large prawns), heads and shells removed and reserved, de-veined
sprig fresh basil, plus extra to garnish
1 tbsp tomato purée
200ml/7fl oz chicken stock
salt and freshly ground black pepper
2 ripe plum tomatoes, peeled, seeds removed, sliced
1 round lettuce, leaves separated
1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
1 fennel bulb, finely sliced
Cook the potatoes in boiling, salted water for 5-6 minutes, or until tender, then drain. Slice the potatoes and keep warm.
Meanwhile, cook the corn on the cob in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until tender. Drain well and set aside to cool slightly. Once cool enough to handle, slice the kernels off the cob into a bowl.
Heat the butter in a saucepan until melted, then poach the prawns for 5-6 minutes, or until pink and just cooked. Remove the prawns from the butter and keep warm. Reserve the butter.
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a frying pan and fry the reserved heads and shells from the prawns, using a wooden spoon to the crush the shells as they cook. Add the thyme, basil, tomato purée and chicken stock and bring the mixture to the boil. Simmer for 2-3 minutes, then strain the mixture into a clean saucepan. Continue to simmer until the volume of liquid has reduced by half.
Add the reserved melted butter and blend the mixture until emulsified, using a hand blender. Season, to taste, with lemon juice, salt and freshly ground black pepper.
Meanwhile, cook the corn kernels in boiling water for 5-6 minutes, or until tender. Drain well.Stir the corn kernels, tomatoes, prawns and fennel into the sauce.
Place the lettuce leaves into a bowl, add a squeeze of lemon juice, the extra virgin olive oil and a little sauce and mix until combined.
To serve, place the lettuce leaves onto serving plates, top with the potato slices then spoon over the sauce
Type the ingredients you want to use, then click Go. For better results you can use quotation marks around phrases (e.g. "chicken breast"). Alternatively you can search by chef, programme, cuisine, diet, or dish (e.g. Lasagne).I haven't done one of these in a long time, but I hit the jackpot today so I felt like showing off.
I have a very good consignment store close by which sells clothing and household items at reasonable prices. Next door to it is a much smaller room that they call their outlet.
All clothing, shoes, jewelry, and purses are $1 each. Household and decor prices vary.
Sometimes I'll stop in and find nothing, sometimes one or two things. A few times, like today, I've had much better luck. Here's what I got:
For me, a pair of Loft trouser jeans and a pair of Anne Klein stretch wool dress pants.
From the Gap, a casual button-down shirt for Craig, and a black blazer for me.
For Firstborn, an Old Navy fleece pullover and a pair of sweatpants.
A heavy winter coat from The Children's Place for Skippy.
And just because I liked them, two vintage industrial weaving spools ($1.75 ea).
Total: $11 and change.
Other high-yield trips to this consignment outlet:
9 comments:
what good finds, I love it when this happens, that's what keeps us going back to our favorite thrifty stores.
Grace's? I have some stuff that I need to take up there.
Great finds! Sometimes it can be hit or miss. Glad you had so many hits this trip!
Nancy
YAY!! Glad you had a good day.
Wow! It looks like you hit the jackpot today! I love those spools; where you gonna use them?
Good stuff! I really love the spools :)
I've been having a lot of luck at the thrift lately, too...but the prices weren't as great as yours!
I LOVE those spools!!! Wow!!!! What great finds. :) I found an awesome green plastic (looks like glass!) vintage footed bowl for $0.25 the other day at Salvation Army!
What an awesome trip to the thrift store! I can't believe you got all that for less than $12. I just love those spools--you will show us what you did with them, won't you?
Have a great weekend!
Wow--you did hit the jackpot!
I love that the store has an "outlet"--great idea.
Melindaby russell
and hopefully not a dollar short. this is a belated memorial day post.
The folks i remember:
My father, who was in for the duration (like everybody else) in WWII, and saw his war from an engine room as a USN machinist's mate. Hot, sweaty, noisy, crap duty, a weird gig for a Georgia farmboy, but he did get to meet my mother while in NYC getting some mechanical training at ConEd.
My stepfather, who signed up before the war broke out because it was a good gig. Three hots and a cot. He knew how to operate heavy equipment, so they gave him a tank and made him a sargeant. He was captured in North Africa, shipped over to Italy with a German field hospital group, and walked north until he was liberated. Lots of weird sad stories from that adventure. Then, back into the tank in the European theater until VE day.
My father-in-law, who spent his war tromping around the Phillippines. Before the war, he had a pretty good little gas station in Butler PA, which he basically had to sell when he was drafted. The thing he was proudest of about his war service was the fact that nobody in his group was killed in combat.
My good friend Put, just passed a week or two ago at age ninety-something, spent his war in tanks in Europe. Took a very interesting over-and-under rifle and shotgun combination off an Austrian civilian, who had just tried to kill him with it. Safety tip - go up against a tank with a hunting piece, and you will likely lose. Put went back to Europe a few years ago, to visit the places he'd fought, and to try to put some demons to rest. Didn't work, he was still prone to waking up with nightmares about the war (70 years later!), but he wrote a good book about it.
My good friend Bob, still here, in his 90's, trained and led a troop of black recruits during the war, then spent some years in Japan as part of the post-war occupation.
My mother-in-law, for that matter, who spent the war years building Corsairs in Akron OH.
Those folks, excepting only Bob and my mother-in-law, are all gone.
I have two brothers-in-law who served during Vietnam. One served in Germany, one in Korea. They lucked out.
One nephew of my step-father, not so lucky, fell into a man-trap full of punji sticks in Vietnam. Messed his legs up, and was prone to weird intermittent undiagnosable fevers for many years after.
All of those folks would almost certainly have preferred to stay home if they could, and they all went. I tip my hat to them, all of them, and remember the ones who have passed with love and respect.
I would be fascinated to hear any of your stepfather's "weird sad stories". Also, where/what is Put's book?
off-topic: is anyone else finding it impossible to sign in to make comments via Google?
Posted by: Doctor Science | May 27, 2014 at 01:14 PM
My father had it relatively easy. Got drafted in WW II (because his company didn't get the paperwork in for the war-critical job deferrment he was supposed to have). Got assigned to the cryptography group. Got commissioned. Spent the war, as he put it, hitting the beaches in the Pacific . . . Santa Monica, Waikiki, Johnson Island, San Francisco."
My father-in-law saw a very different war. Enlisted in the late 1930s "to get out of the familoy flower shop." He was an NCO, so got made part of the cadre when the 442nd Regimental Combat Team got formed. Spent the war working his way up thru Italy, across France, and into Germany. The only good news was that, since he was in charge of the motor pool, he didn't see as much combat as most of the guys in the 442.
They were both pretty lucky in their assignments. But it was luck. And like the folks russell knows, they went and did their duty.
Posted by: wj | May 27, 2014 at 01:16 PM
Good post, russell.
I heard a bit of an interview with Doris Kearns Goodwin over the weekend, mostly about her new book, but also about how post-WWII Congress had so many members who had fought in the War, and how there was a sense of common mission in spite of big political differences. I don't think that's overstated. It would be nice to come back to a sense of common purpose without war service having to be a part of that.
Remembering my dad.
Posted by: sapient | May 27, 2014 at 01:43 PM
I would be fascinated to hear any of your stepfather's "weird sad stories".
I'll share one.
While wandering Europe with the hospital group, he had fallen in love with one of the nurses. When the Germans figured out that they were on their way to losing the war, some German guys - don't know if it was plain old military or Gestapo - came and killed all the hospital staff, including the nurse. Killed their own people.
They left the prisoners alone.
War is a mindf***k.
Also, where/what is Put's book?
Put's book.
The author is John Gimlette, an English travel writer. Put - Putnam Flint - and his re-visiting of Europe is more or less the subject, or vehicle, of the book.
Here's another guy - Dave Rosenthal, the guy on the right in this picture. Before he and his wife Rose moved into a retirement home, he used to live down the block from me. We'd see him riding his bike up and down the block. Just a sweet, friendly, quiet guy. Didn't hear too well, his wife did most of the talking.
He went ashore at Omaha Beach on D-Day. Dave's 94, he's another guy who still has nightmares, 70 years later.
Not many of these guys left around.
I don't think that's overstated.
Nor I. Sorry to see that go away.
Posted by: russell | May 27, 2014 at 03:04 PM
russell:
That story is the kind of thing that makes "Game of Thrones" seem emotionally realistic.
I just read this article about WWII memories:WWII gets invoked a lot, but most of the people doing the invoking, talking about The Greatest Generation and all that crap, want to talk about glory and honor, not about a lifetime of nightmares even for the victors.
Posted by: Doctor Science | May 28, 2014 at 12:57 PM
a lifetime of nightmares even for the victors.
That's not a metaphor.
Posted by: russell | May 28, 2014 at 01:09 PM
WWII gets invoked a lot, but most of the people doing the invoking, talking about The Greatest Generation and all that crap, want to talk about glory and honor, not about a lifetime of nightmares even for the victors.
I missed the glory part. Honor, yes, and sacrifice.
My dad was at Normandy on D-Day, on a destroyer, so no real risk there. Later, his ship was in the Pacific, patrolling with two Australian destroyers and another US destroyer. Their group was attacked by kamikazes and my dad's ship was hit. He was wounded along with many others, over twenty were killed.
Later, he flew seaplanes for the navy. He crashed twice, flying back then being much chancier than in later times. If he had nightmares, it never showed. He didn't talk about the fighting but wasn't shut in by it. He did talk about crashing two airplanes. He retired in 1970 and taught high school. Then, he entered law school and was two years behind me at U of H. He died, as he always said he wanted to, in his sleep. He was 84 and was always a happy guy who never seemed to worry about much.
Most of the WWII vets I've known--quite a few--seemed to be pretty happy to have survived and glad to have served, even if the fighting itself was pretty horrible. They believed, rightly in my view, that it was a war that needed to be fought.
Three of the most interesting of the men I met were named Harry, John and Stan. Harry worked for my dad as his assistant when my dad taught NJROTC after he retired. Harry got out of naval boot camp and reported for duty at 6:45 a.m., December 7, 1941 to the Arizona. He had just cleared the gangplank when the first bomb hit, blowing him over the side and saving his life.
John was our landlord in the first 'house' we were able to afford to rent back in the late '70's. If you've seen The Great Escape, you will know what I'm talking about. John was in the tunnel when the Nazi's discovered the break out. He didn't get away.
Stan was shot down over Germanny in 1944. On the same day his POW camp was liberated by Patton's 2nd Army, his brother, serving with the 2nd Army, was killed in some of the last combat in the war.
Compared to men like these, and my dad, and millions of others, I've got nothing.
Posted by: McKinneyTexas | May 30, 2014 at 06:36 PM
I hope people don't conflate the inherent nobility of the human spirit with the ugly wretchedness of war. Too many do. War is the ultimate pornography and it is an ugly, vile thing. The fact that human beings can retain their dignity and humanity under such horrible circumstances is the real thing to celebrate, not the remembrance of war. We need a national Peace day, not a day to commemorate the worst activity that human beings engage in!
Posted by: Zinsky | June 01, 2014 at 07:41 AM
Compared to men like these, and my dad, and millions of others, I've got nothing.
Same here.
Regarding "a lifetime of nightmares", some have 'em and some don't. But, some do.
Posted by: russell | June 01, 2014 at 09:59 PMTo all my faithful readers: Are you part of a group, organization or company that is looking for someone to facilitate and present health and wellness classes, keynotes and, or offer healthy tips via video for employees? I’ve been teaching corporate workshops for the past 7-years and I customize for specific needs of each company. Contact me for more info jolene@healthydiscoveries.com. Here’s a demo video that I put together this summer:
Have a great weekend!Venteco PLC
04 July 2006
Venteco plc
('Venteco' or the 'Company')
The Board of Venteco announces that it is in discussions regarding an
acquisition in the environmentally friendly pest control sector. However,
definitive terms have still not been agreed and there can be no assurance that
these discussions will lead to a successful transaction. Should these talks
lead to an acquisition, the transaction is likely to constitute a reverse
takeover under the AIM Rules and consequently, following recent press
speculation, the Board has decided to suspend Venteco's shares until a further
announcement can be made.
Enquiries:
Venteco
Mats Andersson, Chairman Tel. No.: +44 (0) 20 7929 8989
Libertas Capital
Aamir Quraishi/Charles Goodfellow Tel. No.: +44 (0) 20 7569 9650
Corfin Communications
Ben Hunt, Harry Chathli Tel. No.: +44 (0) 20 7929 8989.> ). Now if you need to dlopen() a support library it is likely to be relatively small - so you don't have real problem there. Also such libraries are likely to have a limited set of undefined symbols that need fixing up from libc - and the program is likely to use most of them anyway. Link the program with the static libc (but leave it dynamic), add "-U <name> -U..." to your program link so that the shared library will load even though you don't have all of libc. Maybe you could (and it will probably break the ELF spec - for portability at last) force ___start to execute the rtld code (instead of the kernel), that way don't have two copies of the libc functions used by rtdl. David -- David Laight: david@l8s.co.ukEXECUTIVE SUMMARY
OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH
APPEALS BOARD
Summary of Sonoma Grapevines - DAR
At a Prehearing Conference by phone Employer was asked to explain its defenses and, inter alia, stated that it thought the Division was alleging a violation of a safety order that did not apply. Thereafter, the Division's motion to amend the citation to allege a violation of a different safety order was granted. Employer contends that allowing the Division to capitalize on information it had to disclose at the prehearing conference violated its due process. Employers due process rights were not violated. Due process protects the right to be informed of the charges and to be heard; it does not prevent pre-hearing discovery. A serious violation of section 4186(b) was alleged because Employer failed to guard the point of operation on a grafting saw. The saw presented a cutting hazard similar to mortising and tenoning machines, which are specifically covered in Group 8 of the General Industry Safety Orders. Thus, it was a section 4184(b) "similar hazard" machine subject to section 4186(b) guarding requirements. The saw's point of operation opening was bigger than allowed by section 4186(b). A violation was established. The violation was serious because accidental contact with an energized saw blade is substantially probable to result in serious physical harm or death and Employer knew the size of the point of operation opening.
SONOMA GRAPEVINES,
INC. 99-875
September 27, 2001Wednesday, April 11, 2012
JOHNSON CITY (April 11, 2012) – On the first day of the spring signing period, ETSU head coach Murry Bartow announced Wednesday that the Buccaneers have received a national letter of intent from transfer Kinard Gadsden-Gilliard (Georgetown, S.C.).
The 6-foot-5, 250-pound forward played his junior college basketball at Roane State Community College in Harriman, and was the Tennessee Junior College Player of the Year in 2011-12. He averaged 14 points, seven rebounds and three assists a game, while shooting an impressive 42 percent from beyond the 3-point line in his final season with the Raiders.
“Kinard is a versatile player that can score the basketball inside and out,” Bartow said. “He’s also a great passer, can defend multiple positions, and is a good rebounder. We like his skill level and he’s a quality young man. His junior college coach Randy Nesbitt did a great job with him at Roane State.”
Nesbitt echoed Bartow’s assessment of Gadsden-Gilliard, who was also a highly-sought recruit for his football talents coming out of high school.
"I really think the best is ahead of him,” said Nesbit, a former player and head coach at The Citadel. .”
Gadsden-Gilliard joins guards Mario Stramaglia (Birmingham, Ala.) and Lorenzo “Petey” McClain (Mobile, Ala.) as the first three members of the Bucs’ 2012-13 recruiting class. The team has three more open scholarships to complete their roster for next season.
For more on ETSU men’s basketball throughout the summer months and during the off season, visit ETSUBucs.com and click on the men’s hoops link.Letter 6659
Cooke, R. F. & John Murray, Publishers to Darwin, C. R.
- +
Book [Facts and arguments for Darwin] is being bound; it is probably too late to alter lettering.
Summary Add
Transcription.
The copies to Reviews go out also this day. I have sent a few more, than the 7 you named. It is too late I fear to alter the lettering, but I wrote to the binder to do so, if in time.
Yours faithfully | Rob
C. Darwin Esq
- +
- f1 6659.f1Cooke refers to William Sweetland Dallas, Charles Spence Bate, and copies of Dallas trans. 1869 (see letter to R. F. Cooke, 9 March [1869]).
- +
- f2 6659.f2For the list of journals that received review copies of Dallas trans. 1869, see the letter to R. F. Cooke, 23 [February 1869].
- +
- f3 6659.f3Cooke refers to the lettering of the spine of the book (see letter to R. F. Cooke, 9 March [1869], and letter from R. F. Cooke, 10 March 1869 and n. 2).She's a teenager with platinum locks whose personal style is heavily influenced by the "Like a Virgin" days of Madonna, so it should come as little surprise that Gossip Girl star Taylor Momsen has been chosen as the face of the pop icon's new Material Girl clothing line...
According to InStyle, "Macy’s released a faceless teaser campaign for Madonna and Lourdes’s new fashion line, Material Girl, last month to get the dialogue going about who would be the celebrity muse. And after much speculation, it has been confirmed that it is indeed Taylor Momsen!"
Sign up for Glamour.com’s Style Tips of the Week and Beauty Tip of the Day newsletters!
She looks like slightly less of a mess in the ads than she has in real life recently, and much more covered up than she does in this photo, thankfully. Still, I can't help but think about the 12 and 13-year-old girls who will be buying this line (after all, it was designed with serious input from Madge's daughter, Lourdes) and wonder if Momsen is really the best role model for them, even if it's only in terms of her style. She was rocking thigh highs, corsets, and dangerously revealing dresses before she even hit Sweet 16!
Check out the ad over at InStyle.com now, then let us know what you think. Was Taylor Momsen the right choice to be the face of Material Girl? Would you want your daughter dressing like her? And what do you think of the recently-released sketches from the collection?!Wednesday, November 16, 2005
Tuesday, 15
Thursday, 17
Joyous end to his long struggle
A1 / Janie Southard
Fifth-grader Austin Selzer of Celina reads to his aunt, Shelly Figel, left, and his mom, Missy Stelzer, after a medical device was attached to his ear to halt the severe stuttering problem, which he has had since he was 6 years old.I tell people every day, give me half of your Yellow Pages budget and let me show you how much better of a job we can do.
If you needed anymore proof that Yellow Pages ads are becoming extinct, take a look at the company' s own marketing campaign.
You have no doubt been given the entire break down from your YP rep and you may have seen one of their TV commercials lately.
Yellow Pages is making a huge push to extend their services to the Internet.
The actual "Pages" in Yellow Pages has become antiquated and even the company's most loyal and long-time subscribers are jumping ship to Internet advertisers.
To combat this shift, Yellow Pages is rebranding itself YP.com and spending some pretty significant advertising dollars in an attempt to make it's Web site the local search leader.
This push includes native mobile phone applications and a new mobile website and even a snazzy TV advertising campaign. I would say that this shift is progressive, forward thinking and significant had it happened five years ago. Unfortunately for YP.com, there's two of the largest companies in the world -- Google, Microsoft -- duking it out over search engine dominance and so far that fight isn't even close.
But let me put aside my personal bias towards the Yellow Pages and ask if YP.com had transitioned into a local search engine earlier instead of remaining a huge book that people use to start fires, would they have been successful? Would YP.com be the place to go to find an HVAC contractor or a roofer? My answer is no and let me show you why.
Check out this YP commercial below. It's a well done short clip of a young man who uses YP.com to search for parts for a classic car he is restoring. He finds a business by typing "Auto Parts" in San Francisco and is sent to a junk yard where he finds an almost exact duplicate of the car he wants to restore.
Dim lights
Download
Embed Embed this video on your site
Oh if it were only that easy. If you actually go through this process with the keywords and location, you get a much different result.
The top results are:
Commercial Tire Company Of San Francisco
Cole Hardware
San Francisco Toyota
So our friend in the video who was searching for an antique car to restore would have been sent to a commercial tire company. Not very effective is it?
The issue is that YP.com and other local search services rely on category listings to direct users to websites. In our example, a better keyword may be "classic car parts." But instead, the most obvious category, Auto Parts, isn't the correct one, even in Yellow Pages' own commercial.
We can't just pick one category to niche our business into these days like Yellow Pages wants us to. The entire reason users are turning to the Internet to find vendors is so that they can quickly find the business that can meet their exact needs.
The idea behind Search Engine marketing is that when we do get a hit off a search, that user is so qualified, is so interested in our exact product we offer, we have a high chance of converting them once they land on the site. In the above TV commercial, YP fails to understand that no one searches for Auto Parts online, they search for "1973 Chevy Corvette parts; factory" instead.
Job postingWho we are:We are a growing, Memphis-based, Web design and marketing firm dedicated to providing each of our clients a creative and unique Web presence.Summary:If you can design and develop amazing websites – you are the person we are looking for. Our company is growing and we need talented designers to deliver quality Web development.Job Title:Web Designer I, full timeSalary:NegotiableResponsibilities:• Working with our team of designers, developers and project managers to develop new Web designs and E-commerce websites• Providing consulting to clients• Meeting project milestones and deadlines• Communicating with clientsQualifications:• BA/BFA/BS or MA/MS Computer Science, IT or a technical/quantitative degree (Or equivalent experience)• 1-3 years experienceMust be proficient in:• Familiarity with content management systems is important – Joomla & Magento• Adobe Creative Suite• HTML & CSS• Mac & Windows platforms• Strong organizational, problem-solving & communications skillsBeneficial Skills/Experience:• Web-based programming: PHP & Javascript• Experience with web analytics, SEO & SEM • Intermediate skills with graphic design tools such as Adobe Photoshop & Adobe Illustrator.Printable Area
Photo by Gillian Spence
Photo by Gillian Spence
"I can't remember exactly where I got this from (the web) and have not tried it ... yet but you can see this usually being sold during cultural activities or exhibitions. They are not cheap to buy. The 30 - 45 mins time given is a guide."
Serving Size: 1 (37 g)
Servings Per Recipe: 6
AdvertisementOnly a Summer Love
Find these books and more online at
Blackberry Summer
by RaeAnne Thayne
by RaeAnne Thayne.
Dancing at the Harvest Moon
by K.C. McKinnon
by K.C. McKinnon
Maggie, a recently divorced English professor, impulsively decides to revisit the summer resort where she met her first love. There, the son of her former lover rekindles her passion, and she debates whether to let her heart or her mind determine her future.
Object Lessons
by Anna Quindlen
by Anna Quindlen
It is summer in the 1960s, and Maggie Scanlon has just turned thirteen. In this summer of changes, Maggie discovers illicit sex, romance, arson, power shifts, and new alliances, and she finally begins to understand the relationships between her relatives. Everything at home is in upheaval, her grandfather is changing, and Maggie is unsure if what she wants is even worth having...
Shut Up and Kiss Me
by Carolyn Hughey
by Carolyn Hughey
What's hotter than a summer in New York City? Two sexy Italian chefs fighting over you, of course! Ellana has her heart set on handsome chef Nick, so she canoodles with chef Giovanni to make Nick jealous. Giovanni's only too happy to oblige--he's got his own agenda!
Summer in Eclipse Bay
by Jayne Ann Krentz
by Jayne Ann Krentz
Word gets around fast in Eclipse Bay. Nick Harte should know. His family's legendary feud with the Madisons fueled the local gossip mill for years before finally cooling off. But people are still talking, and rumor has it that Nick's involved with someone new: mysterious art gallery owner Octavia Brightwell.
Summer in Napa
by Marina Adair
by Marina Adair
Six months ago, New York restaurant owner Lexi Moreau walked in on her husband, Jeff, and their sous chef mixing business with pleasure. Now, Lexi is back in her hometown of St. Helena, California, rebuilding her life and trying to avoid the thirty blind dates her matchmaking grandmother has arranged for her. A fake summer romance with Jeff's handsome best friend, Marco, is the perfect way for Lexi to distract the would-be suitors. And the perfect way for her to fall deliciously in love.
Summer Pleasures
by Nora Roberts
by Nora Roberts
"Second Nature"--Getting an exclusive interview with notoriously reclusive horror writer Hunter Brown was all reporter Lee Radcliffe ever wanted. So photographer Bryan Mitchell's idea of a dream assignment. But Bryan will have to manage for an entire summer if she wants the fabulous cross-country photo shoot, which they're both salivating over. Bryan and Shade disagree about everything--everything, that is, except the fierce attraction they have to each other.
Tara Road
by Maeve Binchy.
The Smoke Jumper
by Nicholas Evans
by Nicholas Evans
Julia Bishop meets Ed Tully first, but she is soon introduced to his best friend and fellow forest firefighter, Connor Ford. That summer, a catastrophic fire forces Julia to choose between the two men she has come to love.
Updated 09/04/2014Gear Review
MacKenzie C
Groups:
Awesome lantern
- Familiarity: I've used it several times
Great for camping or when having a campfire. It is a bright light but also has a dimming option which is nice. I love the look and is pretty light weight.
View More Details on Kelty LumaCamp Lantern15 posts tagged with weird.
Displaying 1 through 15 of 15. Subscribe:
wtfwitter?
Pretty sure an admin is not responsible for this. But: can anybody explain the existence of the MetaWTFilter twitter account? I'm guessing at this moment that it is not spam as it would be following more than 5 people if it were.
Weirdo alert! No, wait...
Welcome MeFi's own Jeff Vandermeer, who says he's just popping his head in on Scattercat's post on The Weird, but it would be lovely if we could entice him to?
It's a small Metafilter
In a new world record, I've already received my Secret Quonsar gift, 10 minutes after the final draw. [more inside]!
dum dum dum DUM DUM DUM DUM DUM
Um, is this a real member, troll, or a sock puppet? This post seems to strange to be true.... [more inside]
.
I'm disgusted and repulsed and... and I can't look away
This AskMeFi post on what to do with your extracted teeth is completely bizarre - and noteworthy?
Is "weird" AskMe too chatty?
My 5 year old needs an answer to "What is the weirdest thing you've ever heard of?". Would this be considered chat-filter on AskMe (and therefore inappropriate)?
AskMe Synchronicity
At last month's CT meetup, nomad observed that from time to time he would see two consecutive AskMe threads that, while not identical, would be similar enough in subject to be notable. Several theories were put forth, but then the tea tree oil toothpicks distracted us from writing a formal paper to submit to an appropriate peer-reviewed journal. He's been spending the last few weeks emailing me whenever he sees these "twin threads" (my term, not his). Here, for your thank-god-it's-not-a-callout enjoyment are the ones he's pointed out to me: How do I get rid of [skin abnormality]: 28255, 28256; What to do in London: 28678, 28679; Bottled water: 29417, 29418. (Related, somehow, to eponysterical posts)
WTF AOL? Stripping URL's from Metafilter?
This is bizarre. A person claims they sent an email with a link to a MeFi discussion over AOL's email system and the mefi link was removed and replaced with an error URL. The error page states "There is at least one URL in your email that is generating substantial complaints from AOL members."
Anyone got AOL and can test this by sending a mefi link to another AOL member? It sounds too weird to be true.
Anyone got AOL and can test this by sending a mefi link to another AOL member? It sounds too weird to be true.
Ananova news is not the best of the web.
Ananova has quirkie news? Is this kind of link worthy of a front page post? I don't think so..
Metafilter of the weird
I'd just like to make a point about the way-too-predictable postings we get on Metafilter:
Page: 1Michael Adams
12,416pages on
this wiki
this wiki
Michael Adams is a known 9/11 collaborator, as well as a writer of anti-American propaganda.
His book 'Fire and Ice' was blamed in President Bush's September 20th, 2001 speech on 9/11 as a "catalyst and motivator for the evil-doers who perpetuated this recent attack on freedom," despite not being available in bookstores for another year.
The book was in manuscript form and Bush later claimed that it was indeed the manuscript that motivated the terrorists.
He is currently On Notice.ROFLCon is a crazy event that I’ve been planning with some of my friends at Harvard. It’ll be happening on the 25th and 26th of this month, on the MIT campus in Cambridge, MA.
I lined up a PCF/ROFLCon partnership, and we’ll be sponsoring the Screening Room.
The Premise:.
Guests include: XKCD, Homestar Runner, Tron Guy, Dinosaur Comics, I Can Has Cheezburger, Chuck Norris Facts, Brad Neely, Leeroy Jenkins, Rocketboom, JibJab, and so many more.
Unfortunately, the whole thing has been sold out for a while now… but, as a sponsor, PCF does have access to a couple of free passes. We still haven’t decided what to do with them, but are considering a contest/giveaway if people are sufficiently interested (please comment, if you are!).
Uh… YES!!!! Interested for sure. I work at a “participatory media company” and would absolutely love to attend. Please let me know what hoops I can jump through!We think you're from click the flag above to confirm. You can change your region above any time for local news and competitions!
Watch the official video for I Want You (Hold On To Love)!
Posted: Fri 27 May 2011
Browse news archives:
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more.4428 Indianola Ave, Columbus, OH 43214
Pad Thai and cheezecake were phenomenal. Gluten free, dairy free..
5961 Sunbury Rd, Westerville, OH 43081
Good bowls. Not my first choice for this type of food (Chipotle's GF menu wins on flavor and freshness), but location is convenient and I've never had a reaction.
2769 Northland Plaza Drive, Columbus, OH 43231
Now they have GF pizza crust. Too sweet and chewy for me, but I appreciate the gesture..← Tuesday, June 4th Thursday, June 6th → Wednesday, June 5th Posted on June 5, 2013 by Justin Strength: Push Press 3 Metcon: 3 Rounds 400m Run 21 KB Swings 12 Push Presses This entry was posted in WOD. Bookmark the permalink. ← Tuesday, June 4th Thursday, June 6th → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Commentcareer options in the field, and we'll also explore why working women are underrepresented in tech media.
We'll also chat about the success of Kickstarter and whether or not the business model is an effective way to see an idea through to production. Lastly, Katie will give us a glimpse into her everyday carry and how to truly earn your geek cred.
You can watch Katie on "All Access Weekly" every Thursday at 12/11c on SpikeTV, follow her on Twitter and on her blog.
Episode 1,033
Podcast
Subscribe in iTunes (audio) | Subscribe in iTunes (video) | Subscribe in RSS Audio | Subscribe in RSS VideoDoes that really surprise you? The GOP isn't going to pull back on the spending, they just want to control where the spending goes. Instead of dumping billions into the social safety network, they will pump it into the industrial complex. Pick your poison, one way or the other (either party), the mean standard of living is on it's way down in this country. The last 7 years have simply been a tap dance to see who is going to take the hit.
What??? Are you guys nuts?
Haven't you watched the guys that formed this fund since they formed it?
Don't you remember the NAV debacle?
The rat pack of lawyers and financiers that formed this fund are in bed with the SEC. They're college buddies for Christ sake.
The question should be....Is it any wonder that Main street has nothing but disdain for Wallstreet?It appears that the leftists and their press minions are out to stifle free speech in the wake of the horrible murders in Arizona on Saturday. A 22 year old man shot and killed a 10 year girl, a Federal Judge and four others along with seriously wounding a sitting US House Representative. The left is complaining that speeches and words used by conservative personalities like Sarah Palin, Sharon Angle, Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck caused this young man to go and shoot these people. People that normally use their common sense know this is a bunch of poppycock. The young man that drew out a weapon and shot those people was mentally ill and I see those that say anyone or anything else is at fault other than this young man have mental problems of their own and should seek help for themselves.
The congresswoman that was shot was considered to be a moderate "blue dog" democrat and has been reviled as a traitor to many on the left if you go and read their posts over at the places they normally post before all this happened. Yet no one in the leftist press seems to make a note of that because it does not fit into their template and political agenda. Well, those of us that use our god given common sense do not blame the extremist left for this catastrophe but blame the person that was standing there pulling the trigger killing and wounding those people.
Of course everyone of you that have been around the block a few times and understand how things work understand that this catastrophe was going to somehow be politicized, it's inevitable and predictable. The gun control freaks will be coming out of the woodwork to ban this and that kind of gun. The leftist press will try and lay blame to all this because of too much speech. The rest of us will go on with our lives and some will utter a prayer or two for the families of those that died but life will go on and the struggle for freedom will continue unabated. I offer here my own prayers for the families because they are victims of the gunman and now the babbling nitwits trying to lay the blame on everyone but the person that caused this whole catastrophe..
2 comments:
Unfortunately, though the vast majority of people understand that the right had nothing to do with this tragedy, the outcry from the left will leave an indelible, subliminal mark on the mind of the public.
While most people reject the fingerpointing, they will look more criticially now at Palin, Rush Limbaugh etc.
That's how the big lie works. You don't have to believe it for it to be damaging.
And as I have said repeatedly, the saddest thing about the disgraceful conduct of Democrats in politicizing this is that it takes the focus off addressing the REAL problem which is the difficulty in getting people who are KNOWN to be mentally ill to get the help they need.
Yes, Mike the democrats are the first to point fingers but when it actually comes down to solutions they do nothing but make excuses. The mentally ill are the victims of because the democrats are so busy taking care of their constituencies they ignore the problems of the mentally ill, the people that need the most help.Proving Grounds
Sirs:
Herewith a copy of a letter to my former tank driver, who is still with the outfit in Germany:
"Dear Sergeant Neibauer:
"I read in TIME (Mar. 12) that the tank drivers at Chrysler threatened to strike because the proving grounds were dusty. . . . This brings to mind several problems confronting your union. . . . Have any representations been made to the management concerning the Tetter mines which are scattered all over Siegfried Proving Grounds? Has a vote been taken on a strike on account of the quantity of...Harford County Executive David Craig wants the County Council to approve a purchase of waterfront properties in Havre de Grace adjacent to public parks, offering links to existing land and water trails. What about this $3.5 million purchase has members of the County Council sparing with the Craig Administration and with each other, and calling on the county ethics board as referee? Among the reasons: The cleanup, the price and the players.
The Cleanup
The two properties totaling 4 ½ acres on Water Street in Havre de Grace are known to be contaminated with petroleum, at least. Abatement will be necessary before the county can develop the land as planned for a recreational facility.
Former uses of the properties include storage of fuel and pesticides, according to an Opinion of Probable Cost commissioned by the Craig Administration from Geo-Technology, Inc. (GTA). The company in May estimated the cleanup cost to range from $336,000 to $1.65 million, depending on how much of the land has to be remediated. The estimate also assumes that no other contaminants requiring abatement, aside from petroleum, will be found. The current plan involves removing and replacing two feet of surface soil.
Advocating on behalf of the Craig Administration at an October 8th public hearing on the proposed purchase, Erin Schafer, chief of property management in the County Department of Procurement, said under questioning from Councilman Chad Shrodes that the property contains gasoline, diesel fuel, and some metals. “It’s not a bad picture,” she said, later adding that the county had cleaned up and built on similarly contaminated property before. However she said that more testing and a development plan were needed before final costs would be known.
As an offset, the sellers agreed to escrow $250,000 for abatement. However, the sellers would not reduce the sale price to reflect the high-end of the estimated cleanup cost. “The deal would be off the table”, Schafer said. In response to a question from Councilman Dion Guthrie, Schafer said she couldn’t “speak to why” the sellers didn’t clean up the property prior to sale.
The larger of the two properties – 649 Water Street – is owned by MTBR Yacht Club, LLC, which, according to an October 11th memorandum from Schafer, boils down to trusts for various family members of Baltimore developer John Paterakis. Local developer Clark Turner is currently a 1% owner, but is in the process of being “redeemed” by Paterakis, according to the memo. The property was once planned by the current owners for condominiums and a marina, Schafer said.
The smaller piece – 627 Water Street – is reportedly in foreclosure, and being sold by Stonebridge Bank.
Softening the blow on the cost of cleanup,, the city and county also agreed to apply for federal and state remediation grants of up to $400,000 each, and to split any remaining cost should the $800,000 be insufficient for cleanup.
The Price
The purchases negotiated by the Craig Administration are priced at the high end of the appraised values for each of the two properties, giving pause to some council members.
The larger piece – 3.7 acres at 649 Water Street, owned by Paterakis – was appraised in February 2012 by two independent appraisers at $1.85 million and $2.7 million, respectively. Both figures assume no contamination on the site, according to the appraisals by Everett, Benfield LLC, and Page Appraisal Company, both of Bel Air. The Craig administration proposes to buy the property for $2.7 million.
For 627 Water Street, the two appraisals came in at $694,000 and $770,000, assuming no contamination. The county wants to buy that piece for $770,000.
Under questioning from council members at the public hearing, Schafer justified the prices for the properties even with the estimated worst-case cost of cleanup, citing figures for comparable sales in the area. She said the county had been studying the properties for over two years and had done its due diligence. “The county still feels like this is a good purchase and it’s a justifiable purchase when you break out all the numbers.”
Council members appear to agree in principle on the merits. “I think everybody on this Council agrees this is a great project,” Council President Billy Boniface said at a legislative session Tuesday where a vote on the purchase was planned. However, he said he could not support the purchase given the cost and the way the deal was structured.
The purchase prices are based on appraisals that were updates on more thorough analyses performed in 2010, Boniface said, and “huge” cleanup costs could tack on millions more. “Quite frankly, I don’t think the county has done its due diligence in this area”, he said. Two new appraisals should be done for each of the two properties, and the sellers should be solely responsible for cleanup, he said.
In an interview following the meeting, Boniface said he also didn’t think the county should pay for the lion’s share of the purchase given the financial outlook, “Times are tough right now,” he said, adding that the city of Havre de Grace should share more of the cost.
The Players
In a final twist, the real estate broker on the $2.7 million sale of 649 Water Street – owned by Paterakis – is also the president of an organization that both employs Councilwoman Mary Ann Lisanti and supports the establishment of public recreation trails.
The Lower Susquehanna Heritage Greenway (LSHG) is a non-profit organization whose mission includes creating continuous public recreation trails connecting Harford and Cecil counties along the Susquehanna River. Lisanti is LSHG’s paid executive director.
Councilwoman Lisanti said at the public hearing on October 8th that LSHG had “no direct knowledge or participation in the acquisition of this property.” However, she has also been an avid supporter of the purchase, calling it “probably the most significant land acquisition that the county has made in its history.” She cited the opportunity to connect three national trails, furthering state and local programs to create a public greenway along the Susquehanna River, which includes connecting the Conowingo Dam and Havre de Grace on the Harford County side. Having added her name to the legislation as a co-sponsor, she also countered objections from her fellow councilmembers about the cleanup and the price, saying the county had purchased contaminated land before and highlighting the economic boon to the county from the tourism and hospitality industries.
Prior to the council meeting Tuesday, Council President Boniface contacted Lisanti about the potential conflict of interest, encouraging her to request an opinion from the County Board of Ethics before voting. Lisanti addressed Boniface publicly at the meeting, saying she found it “shocking” that her position with LSHG, whose mission dovetailed with the county on other projects, would be an issue in this case, as her long standing employment had been disclosed. She also said she had nothing to gain personally from the purchase and no relationship to the sellers.
Nonetheless, Lisanti said on Tuesday that she had sought advice from the ethics board and asked for the vote to be delayed until she received their guidance: “If you take this to a vote tonight, I would have no other option than to feel backed into a corner and feel I would have to abstain…”
Boniface said his concerns, and those of other council members, went beyond Lisanti’s employment to include the real estate commission to be gained by her employer.
BCH Real Estate Specialists of Havre de Grace lists the 649 Water Street property for sale at $3 million, with Allen Fair as the agent. Fair is also the president of the LSHG.
“The ethics code is very specific that you can’t vote on it, “Boniface told Lisanti, “I asked [Council Attorney] Lambert’s opinion and she concurred with me. I was only, out of respect, offering you an opportunity to abstain…” later adding, “I was only trying to protect you, Ms. Lisanti.
Listanti pushed back, saying the purchase contract called for the county to pay the seller and not Mr. Fair. She then made a formal motion to delay the vote until the next council meeting. The motion passed, 4 to 3.
The Aftermath
Boniface said in an interview following the meeting that he believed Lisanti had already crossed the line: “This enhances her profession which I feel is a conflict of interest.” But he said he wanted to emphasize that he wasn’t accusing anyone involved of doing anything illegal, “I just disagree with the way this thing has been structured and how it’s been handled as far as the procurement process.”
Lisanti could not be reached for further comment.
The next council meeting is set for November 5, where a final vote is expected on the waterfront purchase.
Lasanti already draws an $80,000 dollar a year salary from the green way, but, NO conflict of interest. Greedy developers bought this land, and are now stuck with it. So their solution to get city governments to buy it. Its a well know fact that Clarke Turner owned or pays towards the loan on this land for quite some time in co-hoots with long time Baltimore Slumlord turned baker Patarakis. (did u know they based an entire season of the wire to him?) Go into Prices’ seafood at any time in the last few years (across this street) and they will have told you he owned it, and was trying to dump it. WHEN WHEN WHEN will you all stop advocating for municipalities BAILING OUT greedy f#$cking developers because they donate to political campaigns. For anyone on any council that has half a f****** brain to say they have no knowledge of this is complete and utter bullshit. You can go into a select few establishments on any given weekend and see all of the “Un-Aware” parties involved buying each other drinks and laughing about wasting YOUR hard earned tax dollars on stupid shit like this. Good Luck Havre de Grace. You have been f***** by the the Succubusses like Lasanti and craig for years. If you sit idly buy and continue to let this shit happen you have nobody to blame but yourselves.
Which season of The Wire was based on Patarakis?
The other stuff you say makes sense.
ABSOLUTELY SPOT-ON!!!
Start adding up what our corrupt local officials have cost us over the Craig years, you will be amazed!! —and further disgusted. From the hirings of friends, family, pay-backs and the likes to way over-priced properties, and TIFs; they have collectively, grown the cost of government in this county to unmanageable proportions. We will be paying for this FOREVER or until we realize that we can no longer call Harford County Home. WHAT A SHAME!—–gotta go, someone is at the door looking for a donation for the next governor wannabe.
The property is appraised at $1.85 million if it were cleaned of contaminants. Clean up cost are estimated as high as $1.65 million. So the property has a potential value of $200,000. Condemn it and either force them to clean it up or take the property. Being stupid comes with a cost, please Harford county don’t prove you are the dumbest one in this negotiation.
Its on the water. I doubt you would be able to get much built without a ton of red tape.
you can bet on one thing for sure this deal is all about who scratches who’s back. that’s how this administration works along with the 7 dwarfs.
From Cat on a Hot Tin Roof:
“There ain’t nothin’ more powerful than the odor of mendacity…You can smell it.”
Teachers go without their pay increases as written in their contracts, school bus routes are cut, roads are left unpaved, and the county council thinks it is a great idea to buy a contaminated chunk of dirt in a flood zone in one of our incorporated towns. Lovely, just lovely. YOU WORK FOR US!!! HOW ABOUT NO?!?!?!!!!!!
It doesn’t look like the county council thinks this is a good idea – looks like Craig does. I count Boniface, Woods and Schrodes as being decent, ethical people and it seems clear to me that Boniface smells a rat as he should or anybody else with matter above the shoulders.
I hope you’re right.
No Raises for Teachers. The peoples money is being collectivized towards the building of so many glorious new indoctrination centers to help further the revolution. Just ask Commisar Burbey. He is the people prophet, and fights down the capitalists at every meeting and demands these centers be built
Mr. Marx,
It has come to my attention that you do not have a favorable opinion of Mr. Burbey. Mr. Burbey, being the “Commisar” he is, will not even acknowledge your posts about him. What his deal man? I for one wonder how anyone could like Mr. Burbey. After all he is only trying to support teachers and their students. The nerve of that guy. I believe in one of your earlier posts on another blog you stated that teaching is a “dying art”. I couldn’t agree more. I mean can’t we just use google? It knows all the answers. By now Mr. Marx you must realize that I am being facetious. Let me be honest, I love reading your posts because they are all nonsense. When I have a bad day and I need a pick me up I just look at your posts. Priceless. Just Priceless. Check out the new issue of AARP that you got delivered. Look on page 34, there is a great article on how to get the senior discount at McDonalds and Dunkin Donuts even with out your AARP card. Awesome right? Just out of curiosity? Are you related to Kharn or the Money Tree? I hear they are running for seats on the County Council. Maybe you should put your name in the hat too. Anyways, you stay classy Mr. Marx. Stay Classy.
Another capitalist that needs to be re-educated. You are yet another Bourgeoisie, counter revolutionary.
Folks in Bulle Rock were told this would be the location of the community marina. It was held out as an inducement to purchase a house in the neighborhood. Then the developer took it off the table, as is the case with any number of other promises that were made to residents such as the road to connect the two sides. Paterakis has stopped investing any more money in Bulle Rock, refuses to fund reserves to take care of the ‘private’ roads, and only opens up limited new sections when he completely runs out of lots to sell. Now he is looking for Harford County taxpayers to give him a few million to lessen the sting of his grandious development crashing down. With the extra $1.5 million a year from Bulle Rock property taxes propping up the HdG budget, I am surprised the city hasn’t been trying to do this without the County’s involvement. It’s nice to see some Council members asking questions for a change. I suppose Boniface has that luxury now that he is getting out.
If that’s true and indeed both Turner and Patarakis were pushing Bulle Rock property with the promise of a marina in that location they did so knowing that was identified as a brownfields lot. Clark Turner at one time intended to build condos there but withdrew his plan after he was reminded publically that there was heavy metal contamination to the property.
I want to know how Clarke Turner so easily got out of his DWI a few years back
.” Where does Doughtery think he has the authority to obligate funds of the city taxpayers without going through the city council?
Another typical sweetheart deal for Craig and Dougherty’s friends at the taxpayers’ expense. Maybe the sellers will hold the note on this piece also so we the taxpayers can pay double the cost with no early payment at an unrealistic appraisal.
How much will the property vlues increase across the street from the new waterfront park and who owns them?
“Boniface said in an interview following the meeting that he believed Lisanti had already crossed the line: “This enhances her profession which I feel is a conflict of interest.” How about Billie Boy’s legislative change to allow him to be hired by Barry as the Director of Administration or the Farm Preservation that he benefits from. Pot meet Kettle.
Your projecting with Mr. Boniface. He has not been appointed, nor has been accused of using his current office or any future office to his own benefit. Not so with Craig.
True, None is projecting. However, there is a much better possibility of the projection becoming true than not. If Mr. Glassman wins the CE position and appoints Mr. Boniface as Director of Admin, then None was right all along. If not, None can apologize. I’m betting None is right.
I have no problem with Boniface becoming a Director in a Glassman administration and even if it has to do with farms. Who better to understand both preservation and laws surrounding farms than a farmer – assuming future impropriety has nothing to do with clearly a sweet deal in making designed to bail out the developers while creating open space – all at taxpayers expense. Lisanti comes off looking pretty bad here.
Well said Mr. Tree,
I couldn’t agree more with your valid points. On another note I also agree with you stance on immigration in Harford County. Whats with all these 20 something coming to our county? I mean I don’t know about you but I am sick of people driving the speed limit here. Everybody knows you are suppose to drive 10 under it. Well Hopefully if your plan to close the schools down come together we wont have to worry about them. I will see you at the next HCRC meeting. As always, Stay classy Mr. Tree, Stay Classy.
Given the number of misspellings and ramblings that seem to have nothing to do with reality that you were very, very high when posting this. Rule of thumb after consuming a case of beer is try to stay away from your keyboard and please, please stay off the roads regardless of how slow you think we should all drive. Thanks for the entertainment.
Two birds with one stone –
Maybe the Bane led HCSD can swoop down and buy it for their new aviation unit. They could have flyin’ boats and everything at that location!
Deciding to buy property (owned by those with connections to the right people) at inflated prices is nothing new to the Craig administration. Look no further than the purchase of the Plecker property in Joppa for Craig’s proposed Waste Transfer station. The county paid significantly more than the property was worth.
It will be interesting to see how Mr. Guthrie votes on this matter since the inflated price of the Plecker purchase was one of his main objections and led to legislation to have up to date assessments before the county can purchase property. Will Mr. Guthrie vote with Lasanti on this deal because she is a fellow Democrat even if the purchase price is too high?
call in the state and federal EPA — let’s have them assess the situation and make the owners pay ever penny for it. taxpayers get ripped off when there isn’t transparency and a complete understanding of the facts. We want an honest, objective, accurate, and thorough ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STUDY done BEFORE any money changes hands or contracts are signed!!! Mr. Craig wants to run Harford County like Mayberry RFD — SAY NO TO THIS PURCHASE !!!
Since Craig is a former teacher and school administrator, it look like this shady deal is being concocted by the Professor and Mary Ann.
Well in that case let’s get Thurston Howell, III to buy it.
Professor Fair?
I know this was already stated, but deep cuts to education and more to likely come this year, and Craig advocates for this?!?! This is just insane.
Turner and Craig – didn’t they go to school together?
Lisanti should abstain.
If the land is contaminated – the sellers should clean it up or the county should declare it a health hazard to residents and force the clean up regardless of who buys it.
Isn’t Craig running for governor?
What about the Scott Gibson – $18K give away?
So many rats, so little pesticide
Good job Dagger!!! the Craig apologists at the local paper have not covered the Craig/Turner/Paterakis connection on this and actually wrote an editorial for the purchase a couple weeks ago. Most likely by the HDG editor who covers up Craig’s corruption. They have yet to mention his over-ride of HR policy to pay Gibson over the the County limit.
Three things jump out at me here… 1, two appraisers estimate the larger lot at $1.85 million and $2.7 million, respectively. Um, I’m not on any fancy council or anything, but those estimates are almost a million apart. Do you think maybe a third opinion might be called for before you spend our money? 2. Anyone who spent any time near that area when I was growing up knows by the memory of the smell that it’s going to take more than two feet of soil removal to remediate. 3. Ms Lisanti, your feigned indignant attitude won’t change the fact that it’s a conflict of interest. It is. Get over it. We’re not ALL stupid, you know. If this didn’t belong to someone they want to pay off, they’d condemn it or eminent domain it and pay a couple grand for it. Seriously, is this what you people should be working on?
Hey, build a park. It will be nice and beautiful. Harford County needs more parks for it’s citizens. It is the counties job to buy land and make parks. Also, they should clean all polluted sites in the county with the help of the EPA. Then the EPA should fine local business who pollute to cover the costs.
Looks like the County Council voted not to buy the property at the inflated asking price. Have no fear Havre de Grace, your Mayor will have the city buy it no questions asked.
“Sunlight is the best disinfectant,”
A well-known quote from U.S. Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis.
On other news the county is giving the employees free ice cream next week!! who needs a raise when you can just get a treat. I am so lucky that my employer thinks it is better to spend taxpayer funds on a dump site.TACOMA (AP) — A 40-year-old Spanaway house painter charged in the shooting deaths of his wife and 11-year-old daughter had told officers that he killed his wife to keep her from learning he had lied about their dire financial situation, prosecutors said.
Dean Holmes said he killed his daughter so she wouldn’t have to face her mother’s death and her father’s imprisonment, prosecutors alleged in court documents. He then placed her body next to her mother’s in the master bedroom, tried to clean the blood from the home then drove around aimlessly before turning himself in early Wednesday, court documents said.
The man told investigators he repeatedly held his .38-caliber revolver to his own head, but couldn’t pull the trigger, prosecutors said.
Holmes pleaded not guilty Thursday to two counts of aggravated murder. If convicted, he’ll face either a life in prison sentence without parole or the death penalty, although prosecutors have not decided whether to seek it.
Holmes was ordered held without bail. The name of his defense counsel was not immediately available.
Pierce County sheriff’s officers found the bodies of 41-year-old Kristi Holmes and Violet Holmes when they went to the family home after Holmes contacted authorities.
Holmes shot his wife four times as she slept early Tuesday because “he could not bear to have her again discover his many deceptions, believing she would leave him,” court documents said, adding she moved out in December after learning he had been spending beyond his means and lying about it. She returned home a few months later.
Holmes’ painting company appeared to be failing, prosecutors said.
He had promised to move the family into a more affordable home and even packed their belongings into boxes. However, prosecutors say there was no new home.
“Holmes said even that was an elaborate ruse on his part,” prosecutors said.
Authorities allege that the daughter and a friend were asleep in the living room at the time Holmes shot his wife. Noise from a fan apparently covered the sound of gunshots.
He drove both girls to the friend’s house and left the friend there, then pulled over and shot his daughter multiple times through an open rear window as she slept in the back seat, court documents said.
Holmes drove to a fast-food restaurant and ordered food with his daughter’s body lying in the backseat, authorities said.
Jerry McNulty, who was married to Holmes’ sister before her death, told reporters Thursday that Dean Holmes was “just a great guy, nice man, kind soul.”
“If I made a list of anyone I thought would do this, he’d be at the bottom of it,” McNulty said.20 mAh Li-IonBattery Type
The size of the device's battery in milliampere-hours and the type of rechargeable battery. Li-ion is an abbreviation of lithium-ion.
- Dimensions4.69" x 2.36" x 0.46" .2 hoursTalk Time
The length of time you can talk on a fully charged device. Using other device features at the same time affects this.
- Weight4.73 ouncesWeight
The weight of the device, measured in ounces or grams.
Also Includes
- 2GB microSD Memory Card
- Travel Charger
- USB Cable
List of Features
- Android™ 2.2 with live 3-D wallpapers
- Android™ Market - Download apps to expand your phone's capabilities
- 5-megapixel camera with autofocus, video capture, dual-LED flash and image stabilization
- 3.1" touch-screen display with WVGA (320 x 480) resolution
- DVD-quality video playback
- Memory is expandable up to 32GB (sold separately) - 2GB microSD™ memory card included
- 1GHz OMAP processor
- Physical and multi-touch virtual QWERTY keyboard
- Full DLNA Support
- Turn-by-turn Google Navigation
- Google Maps™ (Latitude) mapping service
- Gmail™ webmail service
- Google Talk™ instant messaging service
- Corporate directory lookup, unified calendar for enterprise and sync with Google Calendar™
- YouTube™
- Full HTML Web browser
- Adobe® Flash® player
- Wi-Fi® connectivity (802.11 b/g/n)
- Speaker-independent voice dialing plus voice-to-text
- 3.5mm audio jack with microphone
-.
Large 5 MP Photos Take photos night or day.
Autofocus and Image Stabilization Shoot on the move.
Upload Your Pics! Pics and videos through email.
DVD Quality 480p up to 30 frames per second.
Great Extras for Your DeviceSee more accessories
- Transcend 16GB microSDHC Memory Card$24.99
- Transcend 8GB microSDHC Memory Card$14.99
- Transcend 4GB microSDHC Memory Card$9.99
For Owners
Basic How-Tos
Getting Started
- Setting up the Milestone Plus
- Turning the Milestone Plus On and Off
- Waking the Milestone Plus/Unlocking the Screen
- Setting up Wi-Fi™
- Increasing Battery Life
- Setting the Date and Time
- Editing Display Settings
- Using the Touch-Screen Keypad
YouTube™
- Accessing YouTube
- Watching Videos
- Searching Videos
- Sharing Videos
- Creating an Account
- Uploading Videos
File Transfer
Text Messages
Bluetooth®
Internet
Google Maps™
- Opening Google Maps
- Setting Location Sources
- Finding Your Location
- Finding Any Location
- Getting Directions
- Selecting a Map Mode
- Choosing Your View
- Using Turn-By-Turn Navigation
Android Market™
Camera
Advanced How-Tos
microSD™ Memory Card
Widgets
Gmail™
- Composing and Sending a Message
- Searching Gmail for a Message
- Setting Email Notifications
- Labeling an Email Thread
App Management
Folders
Wireless Manager
Unlock PatternAward Winning Camping In Texas near Fort Worth
Next!
Texas Camping Resorts Continue Move Into Rental Accommodations
Texas camping used to be synonymous with staying in a tent or RV. But Texas camping resorts across the Lone Star State are finding they can accommodate bigger groups and introduce more people to camping by making park model rental accommodations available to them, according to Brian Schaeffer, executive director and CEO of the Texas Association of Campground Owners.
“We’re seeing a dramatic increase in the number of parks that offer rental accommodations,” said Schaeffer, whose organization launched a separate website called TexasCabinRentals.net Jellystone Park Texas Camping Resort in Burleson, outside of Dallas.
Major campground chains like Jellystone Parks have joined independently owned and operated campgrounds across the country in adding park models as rental accommodations for their guests. Government run campgrounds are also investing in park models.
More information on the park model surge in Texas is available from the Texas Association of Campground Owners, the Crowley-based trade association that represents and markets.
North Texas Campground Earns Entrepreneur of the Year Award
Ronald Bowyer, owner of the North Texas campground near Fort Worth, has been recognized with the Entrepreneur Award by the Jellystone Park franchise system. The Entrepreneur of the Year award recognizes Camp Resorts that show a strong growth in business over the prior year. The award was presented at the annual meeting of the Yogi Bear’s Jellystone Park Camp Resort group in Cincinnati.
Located 15 minutes south of downtown Fort Worth and 40 minutes west of Dallas,. Nearby entertainment and attractions include golf, shopping, restaurants, museums, theme parks and professional sports and racing. Families will also love the laser tag field, candy bar bingo, hayrides, visits from Yogi Bear and fire truck rides.
Pirates Cove Wet & Dry Fun Park is located next door to the resort and offers seven waterslides, multi-platform play area, inflatables, arcade games and more. Add themed weekends throughout the summer, and it’s a perfect Texas camping getaway.
Ronald Bowyer (behind Yogi) and the staff at North Texas Jellystone Park.
The North Texas campground’s management team looks to continue the entrepreneurial trend with the addition of new attractions and programs in 2013. The new Lost Maze is a fun challenge for kids and parents to navigate together, and the Crafts & Activity Room will offer opportunities for families to indulge their creative sides with activities like candle making, tie-dyeing, and woodcrafts; the soon-to-open Inflatable Corral is an innovative “bouncy” park sure to wear kids out and ensure a good night’s sleep, while older kids will love the new woodlands walking and biking trail. The park’s Ranch Pool will feature a Tropical Sno Cone stand for summer 2013, and improvements to the onsite activities center include a new stage, movie screen and karaoke sound system.On the value side, guests can now choose from package deals like the Build Your Own Birthday package and Stay & Play wristbands, which allow unlimited enjoyment of all the park’s offerings.“We are always looking for ways to add value and family fun for our guests,” said owner Ron Bowyer. “We are excited that the Jellystone Park system recognized our efforts, and I am so proud of my entire team for always focusing on improving our guests’ experience. We look forward to an amazing 2013.”
The North Texas Jellystone Park campground is located at 2301 S. Burleson Blvd. in Burleson, TX and is open year-round. If you are camping in Texas, check them out!
New Texas Campground Near Dallas Celebrates Mother's Day_3<<
Canyon Lake Jellystone Park™ Campground Team Earns Entrepreneur of the Year
L.
Grab On uses some of the finest closed cell foam tubing, also referred to as sponge tubing. All of the rubber compounds that we work with are synthetic and latex free. Heavy metals are also not used in our foam tubes. Each material listed below can be special ordered in a variety of sizes, density and colors. We also have many in stock sizes for immediate shipment. (See Foam Tubing.) These foam rubber materials can be purchased in tubular form in virtually any length or made into grip or pad.
NPVC also known as NBR or Nitrile is our best selling foam tubing. Many of our In-Stock padded grips are made from Nitrile rubber..
EPDM foam is another popular material we work with. The tactile feel is exceptional and it has a high resistance to ozone and UV rays. Foam tubes made from EPDM exhibit superior resistance to severe weather conditions. This foam has excellent electrical resistance and a relatively large temperature range going from –65F to +250F.
Neoprene sponge tubing is a specialty material which is not commonly used. It is best known for it’s resistance to gas, oil and other petroleum based products. Neoprene has very good abrasion resistance and electrical resistance. The operating temperature range is –40F to +220F.
Silicone is the most expensive of all foam tubes. However, if a high upper temperature range is required this may be the material for you. Instruments coated with this type of foam can be sterilized in an autoclave. Silicone foam is great for food or medical applications because it is oderless and tasteless. Temperature range. –103F to +450F.
Request a foam tubing quote today!Indira Gandhi Delhi Technical University for Women
Course details, Admission Information & Eligibility
University Colleges, Faculties & Departments
Who's Who at the University
Undergraduate Degree Colleges
Postgraduate Degree Colleges
Business Schools & Management Colleges
Homoeopathic Medical Colleges
Distance Education / Study Centers
Other Educational Institutions
Formerly Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology
Kashmere Gate
Delhi
India
Pin Code: 110006
Telephone: +91-11-23900261, 23900253, 23900264
Official Website / Institution home page: igdtuw.ac.in
Establishment: 1998
Institution Type: University
Other Information about the Institution
Upgraded to a University from Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology in May 2013 vide Delhi State Legislature Act 9, 2012
Business Schools - Engineering Colleges - Medical & Nursing Admissions - BEd in Distance mode - Journalism & Media StudiesThe Big Van Vader wiki last edited by sgd4110 on 05/30/13 02:48PM View full history Early CareerLeon White was a gifted athlete from an early age, starting his football career at the University of Colorado where he earned All American honors. After a brief injury plagued stint with the NFL's Los Angeles Rams, he retired from football to pursue other interests. After being spotted working out in a local gym, White was trained and debuted for the AWA under the persona of "Baby Bull."JapanIn the late 80's New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) took notice of the monster's size and agility. The organization brought him in and quickly changed is gimmick to reflect a warrior based on Japanese folklore. This is where he first donned a mask, although a very different version than the one that is recognizable today. With the new ring gear, his name was changed to "Big Van Vader." He was pushed into the spotlight immediately feuding with the likes of Antonio Inoki, Riki Choshu, and Stan Hansen.His first major title victory came during an eight man tournament, where he won the International Wrestling Grand Prix (IWGP) Heavyweight Championship, the first of only four Americans to ever do so.
Log in to commentLOS ANGELES -- The whiteboard in the Lakers' locker room Tuesday night proclaimed that all those going to Phoenix had to be in their seats at 11:15 p.m. PT for the short flight to the desert. One man in that locker room needed no such reminder, no prodding at all.
Steve Nash strolled out into the hallway well before 11 p.m., on his way to the bus -- on his way to an emotional night in the city where he unveiled his unique brand of basketball artistry for so long.
On his way to the loudest cheers in that arena since he left.
"Standing ovation," teammate Kobe Bryant said, when asked to predict how Nash will be received in Phoenix on Wednesday night. "For sure. Without question."
So much has changed for Nash since the blockbuster trade that sent him to the Lakers in July, so much that nobody could have imagined. Allowing him to join forces with Bryant and Dwight Howard in L.A. was a nice gesture by the Suns, who didn't dump Nash off in some NBA wasteland but sent him to a supposed championship contender, in a city not far from home. In fact, with his return to Phoenix looming after the Lakers won their third consecutive game Tuesday night -- 111-106 against New Orleans -- all Nash could think about was returning home to see his kids.
Life, like basketball, is pretty simple sometimes.
"I'm sure I'll be a little bit [nostalgic] when I get there," Nash said. "... I really haven't had a chance to think about it much. We'll see. I'm sure it'll be a very special night."
Joining Nash for the journey is Mike D'Antoni, and nobody could've predicted that, either. The firing of Mike Brown five games into the season reunited Nash with D'Antoni, the coach and point guard who made each other. Nash piloted D'Antoni's offense to an average of 58 wins during a four-year stretch when the Suns were the toughest out in the NBA -- a few injuries and a leaving-the-bench suspension away from a shot at that elusive NBA title that everyone says you can't win playing D'Antoni's way.
Nobody seems to be able to pinpoint what way the Lakers are playing now, except that suddenly it's working.
"It seems like we've figured some things out," Bryant said.
But this is a different Nash who goes home Wednesday -- 39 next week, on a new team, in an unfamiliar role. Every bit of success the Lakers have now feels so fleeting, so unlike the control Nash had with the ball in his hands for the past 17 years.
"He's never played like this and he's never played when he's 39 years old, either," D'Antoni said. "So everybody has to change a little bit and find what works for the team and what works for them individually and get comfortable with it."
To get comfortable, the Lakers had to shift the half-court playmaking duties from Nash to Bryant, who logged 11 more assists Tuesday night for a career-high 39 over the past three games -- all victories in which the Lakers have shot 49 percent or better and held the opponent to 45 percent or less. The predictable hand-wringing about whether this is really D'Antoni's "system" is in full force. On one hand, it must not be, because D'Antoni's system supposedly doesn't work. And if it is? Well, that just means D'Antoni's too stubborn to adapt.
"We don't have a system," D'Antoni repeated before the game, for the third consecutive day. "The system is: we play basketball. We move the ball, play defense and whoever's open shoots."
They don't run it the same way Nash did in Phoenix, because this is a different team. One thing we've learned is that not even Nash is so great that he can make old, slow players run fast. But the principles remain the same: space the floor, read the defense, move the ball, make quick decisions, keep the defense guessing. Damn, it almost sounds like basketball.
"He understands that with the personnel here, he can't expect to play the same way he was playing in Phoenix with the roster that they had," Pau Gasol said. "He can't play the same way here with the roster that we have, even if the system is trying to be the same, which it can't be with our personnel. Look at it: We don't have the athleticism, the speed, the youth and the characteristics of those players. We have our own and we have to play a little differently."
You actually saw a couple of successful Nash-Howard pick-and-rolls Tuesday night, and there's no reason in the world why you won't see a lot more. But this isn't the Suns of Nash, Amar'e Stoudemire and Shawn Marion. That team didn't have Bryant, and if it did, things might have been different there, too.
Chris Duhon, who played for D'Antoni in New York, was holding a little basketball lecture for the writers in the locker room before the game and explaining what's different here. If the Lakers have transition opportunities, Nash pushes the ball and the shooters run to the corners and the bigs pick on one side of the floor or the other at Nash's direction. Anyone in the NBA can recognize that action -- "delay," it's called -- as purely D'Antoni's.
But once they run their secondary offense in the halfcourt, the ball more often than not goes to Bryant, who attracts attention and creates openings for Howard, Nash, and indeed Earl Clark, who had 20 points and 12 rebounds Tuesday night. Under this adaptation of "the system," as everyone keeps calling it, Nash becomes something he almost never was in Phoenix -- a 3-point threat off the ball.
"He's one of the greatest shooters of all time, so it makes sense," Bryant said. "He's a no-leave guy. If they do leave him, God bless 'em."
In Phoenix, they might not recognize Nash in this role, but things change.
"He was a lot younger and prettier back then," D'Antoni said. "He's not 30 years old anymore. Before, he could dominate anybody. Now, he picks and chooses his spots."
For Nash, this picking and choosing has given him the kind of season he never could've imagined -- from missing two months with a leg fracture, to the coaching change, to his inability to turn back the clock and transform these Lakers into the 2007 Phoenix Suns. At 20-25, the Lakers are 10th in the West and four games out of a playoff spot as they embark on a seven-game road trip that will decide their season. Only the Wizards and Suns have fewer road victories than the Lakers (5-15), who've lost seven straight away from Staples Center.
"It means our whole season," D'Antoni said, when asked about the importance of sustaining this recent success. "If we can't sustain this, we're in trouble."
Later, D'Antoni was sitting at the interview table at Staples Center, talking about the possibilities if the Lakers continue to play this way -- his way, whether it's popular or not.
"There's no way you wouldn't want to play like this," D'Antoni said, tapping his hand on the stat sheet. "You can see it in their faces. You can see it in their body language."
The plane to Phoenix was already idling, waiting to bring D'Antoni's point guard back home. When asked if the fans there understand why he left, Nash said, "I'm sure some people do, and some people don't. ... I had an opportunity to be as close as possible to my kids. I'd do it 10 times out of 10."
Life sounds pretty simple when you put it that way. Almost as simple as basketball.Gurmeet Choudhary and Kratika Sengar
Gurmeet Choudhary and Kratika Sengar
Courtesy: Punar Vivah
Please Note: Images may have been watermarked to prevent other sites from hotlinking or scraping.
View: 13234 Comments: 84
Celebrity : Gurmeet Choudhary , Kratika Sengar
Forum Code
HTML Embed Code
Ur the best kratika always be happy nd all da best
Gurmeet Choudhary u r one hansome man
solid handsome GURMEET CHOUDHARY... love u dude!!
love u always gurmeet choudhary
miss u Gurmeet choudhary n Kratika.
awesome picture of arya ..cute scene
Peek a boo I see you love this aarya scene love Kratika and Gurmeet
Love u
G
U
R
M
E
E
T
Ye mera deewanapan hai ya mohabbat ka suroor. Love you Yash- Aarti. Gurmeet and Kratika are true gem...
awesome pic of aarya ..cute scene ..
Join India Forums for free to comment on this story. Have an account already?
Use Quick Login to comment.I went to a concert the night of Jan. 14 at the Civic (better known these days as Rabobank Theater) and saw The Riders of the Purple Sage. As we entered the lobby, we heard this great jazz band playing. They were fantastic. They were playing "oldies but goodies." A young girl was singing "Blue Moon." The large crowd watching then gave them a big ovation. We listened to them for 30 minutes and then went to our seats.
We asked Kate, our usher, who they were and she said they were the Taft Union High Jazz Band, directed by Amanda Posey. Because of the horrible event that had occurred at school Jan. 10, they had been afraid the band would not show up. But being the troopers they are, the band decided "the show must go on." My hat is off to them for showing us that no matter what happens, we must go on with our lives. Bravo to Amanda and the great kids in the Taft High Jazz Band.
Al B. Gonzales Jr.
BakersfieldGo to Page: 1 · 2 · 3 · 4 · 5 · 6 · | Next>>
Sort by: [Top
Matches]
[Best
Selling]
[Pub
Date]
[Title]
Recent Book Searches:
ISBN-10/ISBN-13:
0739891367 / 978-0739891360 / Phonics: Level B (Cr Sv Phonics 2004) / York
0739891561 / 978-0739891568 / Working With Numbers: Level A /
073989157X / 978-0739891575 / Working With Numbers: Level B (Cr Working W/Numbers 2004) /
0739891758 / 978-0739891759 / Vocabulary Connections: Level H (Vocabulary Connections) / Barbara Coulter
0739891960 / 978-0739891964 / Target Spelling 540 / Margaret Scarborough
0739892002 / 978-0739892008 / Mastering Math: Level A (Cr Mastering Math 2004) /
0739892223 / 978-0739892220 / History of Our Country: Level E (Steck-Vaughn Social Studies) /
0739892266 / 978-0739892268 / Cr Trb LV C SS Living Communities '04 (Cr Sv Social Studies 2004) /
0739897500 / 978-0739897508 / Targeting the Ctb/Terranova, Gr 2 (Targeting the Ctb-Terranova) / Various
0739900579 / 978-0739900574 / The Egg & the Chick / Fannie Swartzentruber
0739902172 / 978-0739902172 / Bible Doctrines Briefly Stated / Daniel Kauffman
0739903209 / 978-0739903209 / Learn & Color Set of 4 /
073990325X / 978-0739903254 / Pointers for Sunday School Teachers / Lester Showalter
0739891154 / 978-0739891155 / Language Exercises: Level C (Cr Lang Exercise 2004) / Mabel Youree Grizzard
0739891189 / 978-0739891186 / Language Exercises: Level F (Cr Lang Exercise 2004) / Betty Jones, Saranna Moeller, Cynthia T. Strauch
0739891219 / 978-0739891216 / Cr Lang Exer Review '04 (Cr Lang Exercise 2004) / Jones
0739891588 / 978-0739891582 / Working With Numbers: Level C (Cr Working W/Numbers 2004) /
0739891715 / 978-0739891711 / Vocabulary Connections: Level D (Vocabulary Connections) /
073989174X / 978-0739891742 / Vocabulary Connections: Level G (Vocabulary Connections) / Barbara Coulter
0739891782 / 978-0739891780 / Water Life / Joan S. Gottlieb
0739892037 / 978-0739892039 / Mastering Math: Level D (Cr Mastering Math 2004) /
0739892053 / 978-0739892053 / Mastering Math: Level F /
0739893092 / 978-0739893098 / Readers Theatre for Primary Grades (Readers Theater) /
073990180X / 978-0739901809 / India Coloring Book / Ella Grove
073990292X / 978-0739902929 / Willie's Acquaintance with Christ / N. I. Saloff-Astakhoff
0739891642 / 978-0739891643 / Working With Numbers: Level C : Teacher's Guide (Cr Working W/Numbers 2004) /
0739891707 / 978-0739891704 / Vocabulary Connections: Level C (Vocabulary Connections) /
0739891790 / 978-0739891797 / Matter, Motion and Machines (Wonders of Science) / Joan S. Gottlieb
0739892282 / 978-0739892282 / Cr Trb LV E SS History of Country '04 (Cr Sv Social Studies 2004) /
0739892363 / 978-0739892367 / Language Excercises: Level G (Cr Lang Exercise 2004) / JonesUnder growing pressure, the White House on Wednesday released emails that showed the talking points crafted to explain the deadly terrorist attack in Benghazi last year were changed at the behest of a State Department worried about political fallout.
The 100-page cache of email printouts shows that during the editing process references to the fact that U.S. intelligence agencies believed al Qaeda-linked extremists may have been involved in the attack were removed, as were references that the CIA had received general warnings about the worsening security situation in Benghazi, Libya’s second-largest city.
The talking points were originally drafted by the CIA, but the references to terrorist groups and the security situation were stripped after “deep concerns” were raised by the “leadership” at the State Department, the emails show.
SPECIAL COVERAGE: Benghazi Attack Under Microscope
It wasn’t only the State Department, though. The emails show that several changes were made at the behest of White House officials, including John O. Brennan, Mr. Obama’s top counterterrorism adviser at the time who is now director of the CIA. That contradicts repeated statements by White House press secretary Jay Carney.
Four Americans, including Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, died in the terrorist attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi in September. The administration at first said the attack was tied to protests over an anti-Islamic video, but eventually acknowledged there was no protest.
Congressional Republicans argue that the administration, in the midst of hotly contested presidential campaign, downplayed the terrorist angle for political reasons — and critics have focused on the talking points as evidence of that.
SEE ALSO: Benghazi: The anatomy of a scandal; how the story of a U.S. tragedy unfolded — and then fell apart
They said the emails confirm Republicans’ earlier findings.
“The House interim report found that ‘senior,” said Brendan Buck, a spokesman for House Speaker John A. Boehner, Ohio Republican.
He said the release was “long overdue” but left out some documents that Republicans are hoping to make public.
The White House previously said it had shown the emails to members of Congress and didn’t need to release them to the public, but relented Wednesday at 5 p.m. — in the middle of news about two other burgeoning scandals involving the IRS targeting conservative groups for special scrutiny and the Justice Department seeking telephone records from The Associated Press.
The FBI’s role
The emails also may lend credence to the administration’s assertion that the principle reason for the removal of the statement identifying some of the attackers as linked to al Qaeda was concern that it might impinge on the FBI’s criminal investigation.
Early in the process of developing the talking points Sept. 14, three days after the attacks, the CIA’s top attorney warned that, because of the ongoing FBI investigation, the agency had been instructed not to make assessments about who was behind the attack, even for internal consumption.
“Folks,.”
“NSS” is a reference to the White House National Security Staff, and DOJ to the Department of Justice.
The attorneys recommended removing the reference to al Qaeda and putting in boilerplate language about the investigation being ongoing.
In a first set of revisions that day, officials made minor changes but left initial references to “at least five other attacks” on foreign interests in Benghazi before the targeting of U.S. facilities that killed Stevens.
Responding to the initial changes — and apparently to the failure to remove the reference to the previous attacks — State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland then sent an email to CIA and other officials asserting that the changes were insufficient and “don’t resolve all my issues or those of my building leadership.”
A later, scrubbed version of the talking points given by White House officials to U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan E. Rice for dissemination on several television news talk shows on Sept. 16 — five days after the attacks — made no reference to the previous attacks or to al Qaeda.
Following the State Department pressure, the scrubbed version appears to have been devised by administration officials attending a “deputies meeting” overseen by Ben Rhodes, White House security adviser for strategic communications.
After the changes, a note apparently written by CIA Director David H. Petraeus expresses distaste for the final version.
“Frankly, I’d just as soon not use this then,” states the email attributed to a sender identified as “DAVIDDHP74.” The email, written on Sept. 15, mentions the talking points’ failure to reference a “cable to Cairo.”
The final talking points that Mrs. Rice used read as follows:
•.
• This assessment may change as additional information is collected and analyzed and as currently available information continues to be evaluated.
• The investigation is ongoing, and the U.S. government is working with Libyan authorities to bring justice those responsible for the deaths of U.S. citizens.
Another hearing set
House Republicans plan to hold a hearing to explore the State Department’s internal review of the Benghazi attack, and want to call the veteran diplomat who headed the State Department-chartered accountability review board.
That man, Ambassador Thomas Pickering, said he would testify in public session to Congress — but will not submit to a transcribed interview with committee investigators, as House Republicans have requested.
His decision sets the stage for another showdown over the Obama administration’s response to the assault.
In a letter released by the State Department Tuesday evening, Mr. Pickering told House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell E. Issa, California Republican, that he and the board’s vice chairman, Adm. Mike Mullen, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, “would welcome the opportunity to testify publicly before the committee and to answer any questions you might have.”
In his reply, Mr. Issa requested that both men submit to a transcribed interview with committee staff prior to public testimony. Mr. Issa said Mr. Pickering had assured him over the weekend that Mr. Pickering would voluntarily submit to such an interview.
Mr. Pickering’s letter does not mention the request for a transcribed interview.
“We have agreed to appear at open public hearings,” Mr. Pickering said when asked whether the two men would submit to transcribed interviews. “So that’s our answer.”Hôtel L'Atrachjata, Aleria
- Free WiFi and free parking
Main amenities
- 30 smoke-free guestrooms
- Restaurant and bar/lounge
- Breakfast available
- Airport shuttle
- Air conditioning
- Front desk safe
- Snack bar/deli
- Multilingual staff
- Limited hour front desk
- Bike rental
What’s around
- Departmental Museum of Archaeology Gilort Carcopino (1.1 mi / 1.8 km)
- Alerian Roman Ruins (1.3 mi / 2 km)
- Aleria Marina (2 mi / 3.2 km)
- Tower of Dianne (4.1 mi / 6.5 km)
- Spiaggia Marine di Bravone (8 mi / 12.9 km)
Lux rooms comfortable - staff very friendly - good base for East Corsica
There was really nothing we could complain about.. The hotel was modern, reasonably…
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 866-539-8117from $75
- Standard Room, 1 Double Bed
- Luxe Room
- Junior Room, 1 Double Bed
- Luxury Room
- Comfort
Recommended hotels
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 30 Three Star Aleria hotels
In the hotel
- Continental breakfast daily (surcharge)
- Restaurant
- Bar/lounge
- Snack bar/deli
- Room service (during limited hours)
- Bicycle rentals on site
- Personal motorized watercraft on site
- Sailing nearby
- Scuba diving nearby
- Downhill skiing nearby
- Snorkeling nearby
- Front desk (limited hours)
- Number of buildings/towers - 2
- Elevator/lift
- Safe-deposit box at front desk
- Disabled parking
- Accessible path of travel
- Accessible bathroom
- In-room accessibility
In the room
- Climate control
- Air conditioning
- Minibar
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- Private bathroom
- Free toiletries
- Hair dryer
- Flat-screen TV
- Cable TV channels
- Desk
- Free WiFi
- Connecting/adjoining rooms available
Top Aleria hotels
Nearby hotels
Special features
DiningL Atrachjata - This restaurant specializes in regional cuisine.
Hôtel L'Atrachjata, Aleria 19