
Salalah Deal
Starting from OMR 114 per person
Offer is valid for booking and traveling until 30 September 2017.
BOOK NOW!
To Book, Call Oman Air Holidays - +968 2453 1000
or email to holidays@omanair.com
Your Holiday Package includes:
- Return flight on economy class from Muscat.
- 2 nights accommodation on twin share basis at Al Fanar Hotel & Residences or Juweira Boutique Hotel.
- Daily buffet breakfast
- Return airport transfers
- Airport taxes & surcharges.
- Rooms and seats are subject to availability.
- Prices based on two person traveling.Are You a City of Camdenton Resident or Business Owner?
What Information Are You Missing?
Did you know that you might be missing out on important information from the City of Camdenton? If you have not provided the City of Camdenton with a current telephone number you might be missing out. The City of Camdenton notifies customers that their utility bill has not been paid (late notices) and may be in danger of disconnection. At the current time the City is still providing paper late notices through the mail, however in the near future this will be changing. The City also provides notification regarding street repairs, loss of water, boil orders and other emergencies through this same notification system. Don’t miss out on important information please call City Hall at 346-3600 or by email: news@camdentoncity.com and provide your name, street address and current telephone number.L
Nessun commento:Best Vacancy For Accountant Jobs In Pune
3 months ago, Thu, Oct 26, 2017, 06:00:56
The accountant is who the person works for an organization like bookkeeping, auditing, analysis of accounts. The accountant prepares annual report & financial statements for the organization. They make sure that records are accurate and that taxes are paid properly and in time as government rule. So want to make a career in as bookkeeper or accountant and apply for the accountant jobs in Pune which is listed on Aasaanjobs mobile app.Change, change and more change—like most of us have probably never seen before. We didn't plan for this but here it is!
External change in its negative aspects can ideally be regarded as a way to evolve ourselves. It's what motivated the Buddha and probably all realized beings of all traditions. There's no time like bad times for enlightenment.
Continental plates are colliding. Decisions need to be taken to reshape the world and advance our Vajrayana path. It is said that many will find their enlightenment during this period of the Kali Yuga.
changing times require us to be pragmatic and visionary.
We can no longer live only in the world of Dharma teachings and meditation. The context for living and practicing have changed. We can choose to respond to changing times with the highest Vajrayana view we're capable of envisioning and then proceed to practice to live up to it—to walk the talk. Whatever we decide, it will impact us and all our karmic connections, visible and invisible.
What the Vajrayana path offers in times like these is a steady devotion to realizing the ultimate truth and manifesting its dynamic healing energy known as compassion in outer, inner, and secret ways.
Whatever is transpiring now IS always the context for enlightenment. Collectively, we are a powerful sangha. Let's practice!
Where Are You Now?
Lama Yeshe Dechen Wangmo (Vajrayana World Editor) is a lineage lama of the Dudjom Dakini Heart Essence (mkha 'gro thug thig). Based on thirty-nine years of vajrayana study and practice and her knowledge of literary Tibetan, she offers inspiration, teaching and guidance. In 2002, she established Jnanasukha Foundation as a venue for the teachings of Yeshe Tsogyal and the female buddhas. Since then, the Foundation has generated several initiatives such as support for the birthplace of Yeshe Tsogyal in Tibet, pilgrimages to Tibet, scholarships, grants and humanitarian aid.
Now I’d love to hear from you. In the comments below, let me know if you think Vajrayana can illuminate our way through quickly changing times and/or if something else is needed?
Please share as much detail as possible in your reply. Your contribution may help someone who is struggling or lacking confidence. Thank you.This book was originally published in 1930 as a call to Adventist laymen to take up the work of the three angels of Revelation 14 and proclaim the gospel and the second coming to every nation, tongue, kindred and people.
There is a preview of this book available (PDF file; will open in a new window).19 March, 2015
Hans Torin has been appointed acting CEO of Combitech, as the current CEO Marie Bredberg will take on new challenges within the Saab group.
12 February, 2015
Combitech has won a framework agreement for IT security with Svenska Spel. The agreement covers three areas and is valid for a period of two years with and option for an extension.Pauly Shore
No events have been scheduled for this comedian.
Join our club and we'll notify you when shows are coming up..
Shore starred in the cult-classics Encino Man, Son In Law, Jury Duty, In the Army Now, and Bio Dome. Pauly's first album, The Future of America, was named "Best Comedy Album" by the college music journalists. He then went on to star and produce in his own projects including, Pauly Shore is Dead, Adopted, Vegas is My Oyster, and Pauly-Tics.
Most recently, Pauly released Pauly Shore Stands Alone, a true-life road documentary that follows him as he performs in obscure towns throughout Wisconsin while dealing with his personal life back home. Last year Pauly released the video portion of his podcast Pauly Shore Podcast Show, which you can catch on iTunes.
Pauly Shore is a multi-faceted and original entertainer, who you will not want to miss perform live at Comedy Works South in June!Pros Available by phone Mon-Fri 7.00AM - 7.30PM Central
OUR PART # CPKMON-5
Log In for price!
The Eartec CPKMON-5 is a full duplex wireless system. It comes with (5) Compak Beltpacks, (1) Comstar Com-Center and (5) monarch headsets.
COMSTAR XT Series full duplex is designed specifically for teams that need to communicate and work with their hands. These intercoms are not voice activated and there is no delay when transmitting. The system allows up to (8) wireless users to talk simultaneously. Com-Center is battery operated but can also be powered by regular wall current. It accomodates two separate groups of four users operating on different channels. A simple conference switch allows all (8) users to communicate together.
Product Information:
We're sorry, only of this item available
Call a Sales Pro at for more information
Contact: 1-800-828-0509 / Hours: Mon - Fri 7:00AM - 7:00PMThousands of pizzas are being donated to Cardiff's homeless - thanks to a generous scheme by an ex military restaurant owner.
Pizza Pronto is running an Eat One Feed One initiative, in which customers can add £1 to their order to feed somebody sleeping rough.
For the past two years, owner Kevin Halborg and his team have delivered freshly made pizzas to the Huggard Centre, a local homeless shelter.
The donations are integral in making that happen.
"The support from our customers has been overwhelming," he said.
"We get at least three or four people donating every day and bake around 200 pizzas every fortnight. It gives people in need something to eat and helps out the incredible volunteers there."
Before opening his own pizza eatery, the 39-year-old spent 10 years in both the British and US military and served Iraq.
He worked at the Italian Embassy as a community liaison officer, where he developed a love for the country's cuisine and helping others.
Kevin explained: "Every business should have one thing in place that can support day to day operations. For us, it's no extra effort really.
"I chose to do this because one in four veterans end up on the streets, and it is very evident that there is a real problem in Cardiff with homeless and as a city we need to sort it out.
"This isn't going to solve the problem, but it allows customers to be involved with trying to help."
Kevin also runs a work experience scheme, giving residents at the shelter an opportunity to gain employment and social skills at his restaurants.
"It's a small part in helping them into a system in which they can be self sufficient," He said, "I don't put pressure on them, they help out my staff members and immerse themselves into the business. It doesn't matter to me whether my employees are graduates or were living on the streets a week ago - whoever is best for the job will get it."
The Eat One Feed One is available at all three Pizza Pronto branches in Penarth, Barry Island and Cardiff Bay.
Cardiff Bay customers need to be quick though, as the shop is due to close this Saturday (July 22) and will be replaced by a brand new store in Cardiff city centre .
The restaurant originally opened in Penarth in 2014.Moving with Kids [Infographic]
Home buyers and sellers have particular needs in the real estate market when they have children in their families. Read on for how these buyers judge properties, why sellers would need to move, and the difference in homes purchased by buyers with and without kids.
Sun gets splash of HP sauce
Oooh, you are awful....
Sponsored: Minds Mastering Machines - Call for papers now openNew Zealand Shipping On - Line Comments
This page was
last updated on
Wednesday, 08 January 2014 12:58:25 AM
You are on The History of New Zealand Shipping domain
My name is Brian Anthony and I
worked for the New Zealand Shipping Company between 1960 - 1965 I am
looking for any fellow crew members on ships Rangitoto, Hertford,
Haparangi and Sussex. I look forward to hearing from you.
20.01.08
23.01.08
25.01.08
27.01.08
I worked in the offices of NZSCo,
Water Street, Liverpool in 1970. It was the end of an era for
Liverpool with the coming of containerisation the port was dying.
However, we had a wonderful time,
we worked for the three Superintendents. Miss Pat Fairbairn was the
lady in charge of us two office girls, and she was the Marine
Superintendent's secretary. I was allowed into the Superintendent's
office to set the baragraph each day, a very great honour! Another
important job was to issue on board passes to the ships' personnel,
in order that their girl friends could go on board when the ship's
were in port. So some of you may remember coming up to the third
floor of NZSCo. building in Liverpool to collect your passes?! Also
remember going on board whichever of the company's ships were in
port for a lovely meal, especially at Christmas time.
Some of the staff we worked with:
Peter Guy Allen, purser's shoreside, Malcolm (Manny) Green and John
? for the Engineering Superintendent's office.
Anyone remember those days would be good to
hear. Lyn Wakeling
31.01.08
My name is Michele White. My father was able
seaman Patrick ('Chalky') White. He sailed with the NZSCo in the
1950s between roughly 1955-58. I know he sailed on the MV Sussex out
of Liverpool as I have some of his records and photographs.
Particularly I like the ones I have of him playing guitar on deck
with his crew mates!
I work in shipping myself these days as a lawyer for Tanker
operators so I find what he did fascinating. It was certainly a very
different era to what we have today. I would be interested to hear
from anyone who sailed in this period.
06.02.08
09.02.08
12.02.08
29.02.08
11.03.08
I sailed on the Durham 2/3/63
till 16/10/65 as electrician and enjoyed keeping the old girl going
experiencing fierce storms in the Indian Ocean and a crank case
explosion. I did the last trip before the Greeks sailed her to Japan
for scrap and on that trip I enjoyed all the free drinks at quite a
few ports on the way home, the most memorable one was in Pireas.
For the past couple of years I
have been visiting this wonderful site and came across Charles King
(16/01/06)who sailed with me. If you are still looking up this page
Charles I did sent an Email to you but got no reply.
I send this with the hope that
anyone who sailed with me remembers me and drops me a line. Here are
a few names if anyone knows their whereabouts I would be grateful to
hear from them. Ray Dean, Nosh Thompson. Alphie Phillips and not
forgetting Chief Engineer Mike Constable.
Jim Whiteford
11.03.08
Did anyone out there sail with
Ron Duff on Rangitoto 1954? would like to hear from you cheers Harry
24.03.08
26.03.08
01.04.08
04.04.08
08.04.08
Dear Sirs My great grandfather
George Henry Loveland was in the employ of the company as Chief
Refrigeration Engineer during the war and was on Federal vessel mv
Norfolk when she was lost in 1941 Could you help me as to
where I could possibly obtain a picture of the said vessel. I have
the telegram sent to his wife to say he was safe and his certificate
of discharge but it would be nice to complete the set. He retired
from your employ in 1959. his last ship was the "Hauraki Yours
sincerely Justin Holden
15.04.08
Hello As time goes on I have got more and more
interested with finding out about my Fathers war time exploits. Dad
was with the NZ shipping co. during the second world war He was on
the Dorset when attacked by German aircraft and the ship was
abandoned and later sunk. He was on the Norfolk when she was
torpedoed and sunk and spent some time in a lifeboat. I still have
his torch which he scratched the time and date on, of the sinking,
and I have his sextant as well. I would very much like some photos
of the ships but are finding that very difficult on the net. Also
where I would find the crew list. Thanking you, Regards Rob Townend
PS My grandfather was a midshipman on the sail ship Hesparus, I have
his discharge papers, and no photos.
20.04.08
Hi my name is Mike Huggett. My father John was the
Quartermaster on your vessel the Rangitane in the 1950's. It is his
74th birthday soon and I am trying to get a photograph of the
Rangitane for him as a gift. I hope you can help as this would mean
a great deal to him. Many thanks Mike Huggett.
20.04.08
My mother sailed to England on
the Rangitoto in January 1954. After she died two years ago we found
a lovely diary she had written of her trip. I am trying to get more
of a picture of life aboard ship then and would love to hear from
anyone who sailed on the Rangitoto in the 1950s.
Tess Redgrave.
11.06.08
First trip with NZSC was on the
Haparangi, signing on 10th March 1969.
On that trip we left London bound
for Wellington with a deck cargo of cows + a bull, also if memory
serves me correctly one goat. During our way out a crew bar was
built in the cross alleyway in the crew accommodation
Full cargo loaded in NZ went via
cape horn to Las Palmas then down the Med to discharge at various
ports, then back to the UK, paid off 23rd July.
Second trip to follow soon
Jim Mouatt (ginger)
16.06.08
I was 5 at the time and a
passenger on MV Rangtane from London to Wellington via Panama
Oct-Novemebr 1955.
My young brother died in transit
and I am looking for at least a record or someone who may recall the
death and consequent burial at sea . Despite my young age I can
recall the burial at sea most vividly. Many thanks Anthony Peters
24.06.08
Reunion to celebrate the Maiden
Voyage of the MV.V. Otaio 1958
Luncheon held at the restaurant
of the Merseyside Marime Museum, Albert Dock, Liverpool
13th.June 2008, 50 years on.
Account by Harry Simpson, cadet –maiden voyage.
How it all started was me by
stumbling across a message on :
New Zealand Shipping On - Line
"After training on H.M.S. Conway,
joined my first ship as a navigation cadet, the Nottingham, and then
was transferreddotcollickatbtopenworlddotcom
01.04.06
I immediately contacted my cabin
mate from Voyage 2 and we met after 50 years absence on 17th.January
2007. What joy. The culmination of 18 months correspondence and
visits led to a most memorable occasion where ex cadets from voyages
1 – 30, as well as their partners, spent an unforgettable day in
Liverpool. Old shipmates were found via the Durham Association, and
by word of mouth. It is an almost impossible task to put on to paper
all the emotion, the gaiety, the gusts of hilarious laughter, the
happiness that invaded everyone that day. The subsequent emails
received are proof enough indeed that words overheard, such as "I’ve
never spent such a wonderful day in my life", or "This has been a
day I’ll never forget" came from the heart.
Most of the attendees arrived on
the 12th. June where 39 rooms had been reserved at the Holiday Inn,
Albert Dock. From 1400h onwards people met in the lobby bar when
checking in. Over pints of beer photographs and tales of days of
yore were exchanged. The predominant phrase was, "Do you
remember…..?" The scene quietened down towards 2130h when friends
went to dine.
The following morning at 0800h a
handful of excellent volunteers arrived at the restaurant to put
everything into place. Set up the free bar, hang the bunting, place
menus, table centres, table names and seating arrangements, red and
rosé wine and champagne on the table, etc.. All was ready, including
the Welcome Package and name tags, in time for the first guests who
started arriving at 1030h.
Before lunch Jack Giles said
Grace in such a manner that he could have been taken for a French
Curé. This was followed by an excellent toast to the Otaio by
Charles Hufflett who was cadet captain on the maiden voyage. His
speech was spiced with humour and ‘bonhomie’. Then Malcolm Parrott
gave a very special and poignant toast to our departed friends with
whom we had shared magical moments at sea.
A nice self service buffet was
then presented. During the clatter of knives & forks other toasts
were made. The Queen by Rob Arlington, a moving and realistic toast
to the ‘World’s Merchant Seafarers’ by Tony Lane. Norman Swaffield,
with aplomb and humour, read 11 emails from those who apologised for
their absence. Peter Tart read a comical experience that we’d
received from Mike Cox, guffaws all round. John Martin, Rick & Rob
White regaled us with a humourous sketch that they had concocted
called ‘Defaulters’ Parade on the Boat Deck’. Kerrin Mills gave a
lovely speech entitled ‘A few Words From Australia’ in his dulcet
toned voice. He presented the organiser of the event, Harry Simpson,
with a beautiful Waterford cut glass decanter with an inscribed
metal plaque. This on behalf of all the attendees for the
organisation. Harry Simpson recounted an anecdote from voyage 2
where he and his cabin mate were at loggerheads over the porthole
not being cleaned for inspection. After a few minutes punch up,
noinner or loser, on the quay at Fremantle where the wharfies formed
a ring, hands were shaken.. Dave Collick was presented with a tin of
Brasso wrapped in cartons and newspapers all roped together. Harry
said that he’d had this in his locker for 50 years in the hope of
meeting up again with the Rugby League loving Yorkshireman. Dave
Colllick, as M.C,. gave a special welcome to the ladies with these
unforgettable words, "Where would we be today without you, Ladies?".
As we were running 30 minutes
late the last speaker, Mark Ricketts, didn’t have the opportunity to
present the Otaio website on which he has been working so hard for
many months. There are already several photos on
the site. Our thanks to the videographer, Tony Goodman, who filmed
us all for 3 hours and will make out a DVD. A copy will be sent to
all in July. Our thanks to Caroline Innes from the Liverpool Echo
who wrote an endearing article for her paper which appeared on
16.06.08 Our thanks to Andrew Linington, editor of Nautilus UK, who
wiill give us a full page spread in their July issue of ‘The
Telegraph’.
The afternoon was spent at the
Northern Club, Crosby, where we had the exclusive use of the lounge
bar.. We were taken there and back by a 77 seater coach. Here a quiz
was held –“Know your New Zealand Ports" and the 10 prize winners
went home happily clutching a bottle of champagne, whisky & the
like. The tickets for the raffle of the bell engraved ‘Otaio’ were
drawn. The £640.00 collected will be donated to the research into
the illnesses Alzeimer, Parkinson’s and MS. The winner was
deservedly Pam Luxton who donated a large cheque in the memory of
her husband John. Roz Ford handed out the 5th. CD entitled ‘For
Ladies Only’, a cover showing sexy nude rugby men. All 5 CD’s were
compiled by the organiser and have brought tears to the eyes.
Needless to say everyone spent a
wonderful afternoon, in a wonderful setting, chatting and
reminiscing before leaving for Liverpool at 6.30pm. The end of a
perfect day. My special thanks to the barmen, Alastair Evitt for the
DVD of the Otaio ( from Des Jone’s film), Mike Keat for the music
and my daughter Stéphanie & cousin Gay who charmed all the old sea
dogs and helped the day go with a swing. To all those present whose
smiles and laughter made today’s troubled world take a back seat for
a couple of days.
Those present: Rob & Barbara
Arlington, Grant & Jason Barnes, Keith & Julia Belfield, Gay
Bernstone, Stéphanie Blanchet, Malcolm and Rosemary Burwood, Jenny &
Deepak Chakravarty ( widow of Alasdair McKinnon), Andrew & Tracy
Cheetham, Dave & Liese Collick, Tony & Alicia Course, Mike & Dorothy
Drake, David & Lynda Embery (Hong Kong), Alastair & Mandy Evitt, Bob
& Roz Ford, Jack & Sue Giles, Peter & Tricia Goodwin, John & Joyce
Hallgren, George & Kathy Hepworth, Bill Hirst, Charles & Elena
Hufflett (NZ), Bob Hughes, Mike & Rowena Keat, Tony Lane, Peter
Lloyd, Pam Luxton, John & Sheila Martin,Kerrin & Anne Mills (Aust.)
Ian Murray (NZ), Richard Newnham, Steve O’Connell, Nanette
Pappalardo, Malcolm & Joanna Parrott,Nick & Teresa Pearson, Peter &
Daphne Rainford, Richard & Rosemary Rayfield, Mark & Denise
Ricketts, Harry & Jeanine Simpson, Chris Stuchbury, Norman
Swaffield, Peter & Jayne Tart, Bob & Anne Turrell, Mike & Dorothy
Weston, Rick & Allison White ( Aust.), Rob & Margaret White.
Hi there, Just found your brill
site, I was AEO with p&o gcd from 74 till 78. Ships I was on
included Piako 75, Wild curlew 76, Wild Gannet 77. Had some great
times on the gannet, sailing from Drammen shipyard on more or less a
round world trip. I'm good on names & here's some I remember
Officers, Trav Rowland, Ian Batley, the infamous Roger Leachman,
Noddy Stapleton, fritz Frazer,Ticker tock, jeff tyler,sam
leech,harry job,willie mcreery pete the feet legross, Oggie Kessell,
andy wood,Lew lewis, taff hayward, mick hodgson, paul blackmore,
john bright, kiwi phil goodman. Crew. jimmy smith, george shearer,
wally jenkins, mick west, Wally smith, john hankock jeff peters,
pete jackson, jeff grimmer, they might not remember me but if anyone
wants a chat please email me. John Sutton. If I remember any more
names i,ll email again,
Hello again Graham Peers l found
biff hammond 2ns eng from the mv northuberland through your site
after 10 yeras looking thanks. would now like to hear from david
(chas) Taylor ex mv northumberland radio officer again l heard from
(Betty auckland 1971) and any one else on that trip we have lost
Keith Lingard c/o also phil webber 4eng
keep up the good work guy's
Graham
31.07.08
I was an engineer on board RMS
Rangitane in 1957 when she collided with a freighter in the
Miraflores Lakes while traversing the Panama Canal,
The ship, the Hawaiian Trader,
had her hull ripped open by the Rangitane's suspended anchor and
sank onto a sand bank with just her superstructure out of the water
while Rangitane spent a few days in Balboa having her buckled bow
repaired.
I wonder if there are other crew members or
passengers that are on this site that were on this voyage.
24.10.2008
24.10.2008
30.10.2008
I would like to obtain Vicky
Spalding's email address, please.
Vicky kindly helped my parents,
Jim and Penny Fowler, to recover their painting of Lake Manapouri,
which used to hang in the NZ Manapouri launched by my mother in
1968. The painting is now hanging over the fireplace in their study.
I took a photograph of it recently and my father asked whether I
would email a copy to Vicky to let her know how nice it looks there
and to thank her for her help.
Sarah Fowler
14.11.2008
24.11.2008
RUAHINE 1245822.
I was asst Steward on Ruahine
from March 1947 until January 1949, when she paid off to go to be
scrapped I think. Happy Days!
26.11.2008
Hoping to find anyone serving
aboard the Rangitiki and Rangitata in the late 1950's onwards. We
have a friend, Peter Selwood, originally from Kent, in the UK who
was a cabin boy on one of these ships and then an able seaman. He is
coming to see us next week for a visit and does not have a computer
and we would love to surprise him with news from any former
colleagues. Please contact us if you wish,
Regards, Simone and Bryn Davies.
28.11.2008
Thanks to a quick response from
Richard Overall we have found the Rangitiki website and 3 photo's of
Peter and his late brother Lief. Very interesting reading your
comments on this site and we will continue to do so.
Last but not least, any old
shipmates who remember Peter and Lief, please contact us.
01.12.2008
First ship I served on after
training at Gravesend in 1957 was the old tekoa went on then to
serve on the rangitoto then the Rangitiki at a later date served on
the Otaio on its maiden voyage joined it with the rest of the crew
at john brown shipyard in Glasgow went on the sea trial and then to
tilbury to pick up the officer and engineer cadets who I might add
gave us a hell of a time when we called into Malta but to their
credit they did come 1st 2nd and 3rd in the boat race against the
royal navy lads oh what memories
Eric Smith
02.12.2008
be in their cabin before 9 o'clock. There were no
doors on the cabins, just green sheets.
Brian Heywood
04.12.2008
29.12.2008
29.12.2008Disney Childrens Star Wars Stormtrooper Watch
Text me when back in stock
This childrens Disney Star Wars Stormtrooper watch is made from stainless steel and is fitted with an analogue quartz movement. It is fastened with a black rubber strap and has a multicolour dial.
This watch is supplied with:
- - Official Disney presentation packaging
- - Official Disney cor my 10 year old grandson for Christmas. It is really good quality and so much better than high st versions which where slightly cheaper . He loves it. It looks quite grown-up not like usual kids watches and is robust. Very pleased with this purchase from the Watch shopCuckmere Haven
Proprietor of refreshment rooms, first at Newhaven and then at Seaford. Oakley was born in 1873 at Stepney in London. When the 1891 census was held, he was working as a caretaker, and still living with his parents, Thomas G. Oakley and Mary Oakley, at 9 Spring Gardens in Stepney. His father, who had been born in Lambeth in about 1836, worked as a night watchman. His mother, who came from Bradfield in Essex and was 8 years younger than Thomas, was a "coffee stall keeper".
Henry Oakley married Ada Susannah Pleasants (born 1865 at Colchester, Essex) in London in 1894. By the following year, Oakley had opened refreshment rooms at 4 High Street, Newhaven. He still had these rooms in 1899, but in the 1901 census is listed as the proprietor of a temperance hotel at 1 Meeching Avenue in Newhaven as well as a coffee house. It is unclear whether the coffee house formed part of the hotel or was located at 4 High Street. Already, Henry and Ada had two children: George Edwin Oakley, born in 1896, and 1-month-old Gladys Ada Oakley.
By the time Kelly's 1903 Sussex Directory was compiled, Oakley had given up running the hotel, but was operating a "Refreshment House" in Bridge Street, presumably in place of the former refreshment rooms. Between 1904 and 1907 he opened some refreshment rooms in Seaford, at 5 Church Road. Pike's 1909-10 Lewes, Newhaven and Seaford Directory records that he had set up further refreshment rooms at 11 Church Road. According to Kelly's 1909 Sussex Directory, a Miss Lizzie Oakley was in charge. She was presumably a relative of Henry. Another Oakley, Robert William, was a fishmonger and later a confectioner at Newhaven in the years before the First World War. It is not known whether he too was a relative.
Pike's 1910-11 Lewes and Newhaven Directory records that Oakley still retained an "eating house" in Bridge Street as well as "dining rooms" in Church Road, but at Number 26 instead of Number 5. Lizzie Oakley was at Number 21. Almost certainly the properties along Church Road had undergone renumbering. In 1912 Oakley severed his links with Newhaven in order to concentrate on his Seaford clientele. He closed his Bridge Street premises, selling the equipment and furniture at auction. Kelly's 1915 and 1918 Sussex Directories record that he and Lizzie were still in business at 26 and 21 Church Road, Seaford.
Oakley started publishing real photographic cards of Newhaven and Seaford in the early 1900s. The photographs tend to be quite faded and a yellowish honey colour. It is hard to say whether they were originally black and white or sepia-toned. Borders are present only on a few early cards. The card backs are of very varied design, which suggests that Oakley made his cards in very small batches and purchased only small quantities of photographic card at a time, paying little attention to the brand and the design of the backs.
The captions on Oakley cards are handwritten in plain, blocky capitals. Capitals at the start of words are larger than the rest. Until about 1911-12 Oakley's usual practice was to write ""OAKLEY. SEAFORD∗", "OAKLEY. PHOTO∗" or "OAKLEY∗ PHOTO. SEAFORD" on the photographs. The significance of the asterisk is unknown. Later he stopped putting his name on the photographs and instead added a printed label to the backs of the cards: "H. G. Oakley, Photographer, Church Road, Seaford" or "Hy. Geo. Oakley, Photographer, Church Road, Seaford".
Postmarks on cards marked "Oakley" start in 1905, but an anonymous and captionless card with a July 1904 postmark has been found that may well be his work. Another very early card bearing a caption date of December 1904 and labelled "OAKLEY PHOTO SEAFORD" (with no asterisk) shows the sailing ship "Marie" aground on Newhaven beach. Judging from postmarks and dates on captions, Oakley was most active as a publisher between about 1905 and 1909, but he continued to issue new cards as late as 1914, when he photographed groups of young men assembling in Seaford to volunteer for military service.
Oakley published fewer cards of Newhaven than of Seaford. Two early cards record the visit of Lord Brassey to Newhaven in 1905. Oakley clearly enjoyed photographing the Harbour, with its fine sailing ships and cross-Channel steamers. Amongst the memorable cards that he issued were views of the RMS Dieppe (dated July 1905) and RMS Brighton IV heading out of the harbour past the East Quay. Another card, reproduced in the Gallery, showed the Brighton IV (or its lookalike the Arundel) well clear of the Signal Station on its way to Dieppe (a 1905 postmark has been noted). He also recorded the arrival at Newhaven in 1906 of the Italian sailing ship Anirac from Genoa with its sails in tatters following a Channel storm. Other Newhaven cards depict, for example, the local fire brigade, harvesting, and soldiers on military exercises.
Cards of Seaford are even more varied. Many show the Esplanade and notable buildings in the town, such as the Surrey Convalescent Hotel, the Bay Hotel, the Annecy Convent, the Esplanade Hotel, Seaford Church, Seaford College and the Martello Tower. At least two cards, both very attractive, depict Seaford after a snow storm in November 1910. Another fine card, this time a summer scene, shows Church Street with "Oakley's Restaurant" in the foreground. About 50 cards are on display in the windows. At least 8 Oakley cards depict the cliffs and seashore at Splash Point; other cards show Thomas Tipper's gravestone, East Blatchington, Bishopstone, Alfriston Church, Exceat Bridge, the mouth of the Cuckmere, and Beachy Head.
Several Oakley cards record shipwrecks, notably the SS Newstead, which ran aground in dense fog under Seaford cliffs in March 1907 while on a voyage carrying barley from Capetown to Hamburg. The captain and crew were all rescued and the boat successfully refloated on a high tide ten days later. In the previous month Oakley photographed the remains of a barge wrecked on Seaford beach with the loss of three or four lives. Other cards record the beaching of the Hull trawler Game Cock in September 1908 (see also the entry for R. A. Janeck) and the stranded steamer Needles, which ran ashore in a fog in 1914.
Several Royal children were educated at Seaford Schools. Oakley photographed Princess Victoria sitting on Seaford beach and other Royals at school sports gatherings. One much sought-after card shows H.M. the King arriving by car at Seaford in 1905.
A card that demonstrates Oakley's skills as a photographer is an informal close up of a group of laughing teenage girls paddling on the beach. Oakley managed to get everyone sharply focussed and looking relaxed - no mean feat at a time when film speeds were relatively slow. Two other cards of the group are less successful, however, because some of the girls moved too quickly and blurring occurred.
Another memorable photograph, taken from a tactful distance, shows newly recruited soldiers stripping and washing in the sea, presumably before being issued with their first uniforms.
How many different real photographic cards Oakley issued is uncertain, but it is likely to have been at least 200 to 250. Because his cards are keenly collected, they are now quite scarce.
Oakley seems to have made some of his negatives available to other postcard publishers, presumably for a fee. A card of Claremont Road in Seaford that he published shares the same photograph as an Arrow Series card. Also existing both as an Oakley and Arrow Series card is a view of the RMS Dieppe producing clouds of smoke as it steamed seawards down Newhaven Harbour in July 1905. In addition, a brightly coloured but attractive Arrow Series card of the S. S. Arundel and the paddle steamer Paris III moored in the inner harbour just south of the swing bridge (c. 1905) exists as a sepia-tinted Oakley card. As already mentioned, Oakley issued a card of the Brighton IV or Arundel leaving the Signal Station behind as it headed out of the harbour into the open sea. This was duplicated (albeit later and in a slightly more blurred state) by an Arrow Series card. To confuse matters, a coloured version of the same picture was issued by Oxley, who just possibly may have been the original photographer.
Oakley seems to have closed his refreshment rooms at Seaford by 1922. Pike's Lewes, Newhaven and Seaford Directory for 1924-25 lists him at Augusta House, 7 Chichester Road, Seaford. In 1930 he was living at Stebonheath, Stafford Road, Seaford, and still working as a photographer, though there is no indication that he was continuing to publish postcards. He died at Seaford in 1932.To directory of publishers
Design: Lucid Design
©Neighbourhood Watch is the largest crime prevention voluntary organisation in the UK. It originated in the USA and was adopted in the North West of England in 1982. We currently have 173,000 Coordinators covering 3.8 million households. The “Neighbourhood and Home Watch Network” is the umbrella body for the movement in England and Wales. Members are 1 in 4 times less likely to be victims of crime. There are numerous wider “Watch” schemes in operation, including Rural Watch, Boat Watch, Dog Watch, Shop Watch and Pub Watch.
Our key priorities are:
- To limit the opportunity for crime and antisocial behaviours to occur through increased awareness and adoption of effective crime prevention measures, timely reporting of suspicious activities and identification and protection against current, new and emerging threats.
- To improve active citizenship, community safety and resilience through increased community participation, social action, neighbourliness and partnership working.
- To influence national policy and strategic response, to ensure that the movement has access to the support and resources required to deliver a shared vision for the future.
The very first Neighbourhood Watch in the World was set up in the Borough of Queens, New York, on 13th March 1974 following the tragic murder of Kitty Genovese. The first Neighbourhood Watch in the UK was set up in July, 1982 in the village of Mollington, Cheshire following a spate of crime in the community. The success of Neighbourhood Watch quickly spread and is now widely established across the UK.
Some of the benefits of Neighbourhood Watch are:
- Improving the safety of communities
- Developing community spirit
- Promoting cooperation between the police and the community
- Helping the police detect crime through improved communications and reporting suspicious and criminal activity quickly
- Encouraging people to watch out for possible problems
- Providing a visible sign that members of a community are looking out for each other
By Bill Farnham
Chairman of Neighbourhood Watch Association Cardiff
If you’re interested in setting up a watch, Bill would love to hear from you.
Guest blogger
- Running the London Marathon for Cardiac Risk in the Young - January 12, 2018
- Update from Tongwynlais Football Club - October 7, 2017
- Cardiff Rocks! - September 2, 2017
1 thought on “What is Neighbourhood Watch?”
There is definitely a need in Ton. Another break-in this time in Grants Close. Most seem to be opportunists with easy access to M4. Interested in this scheme.The American Embassy in Israel is holding an unprecedented online auction for the public, including thousands of items, some from the homes of the ambassador and other officials.
Cop at center of racial row: I’d like to tell Netanyahu what really happened
Lieberman: PM ignoring danger of Hamas war preparations
Blatter: Palestinians showed ‘big heart’ in dropping anti-Israel proposal
If Catholic Ireland said yes to same-sex marriage, could Israel ever do the same?
400 participate in SlutWalk in Jerusalem: ‘No means no!’
More than 4,200 migrants rescued in Mediterranean as crisis grows
By Gavin Jones ROME (Reuters) – More than 4,200 migrants trying to reach Europe have been rescued from boats in the Mediterranean in last 24 hours, the Italian coastguard said on Saturday..How To Protect Your Training Partners
There are few sports that require such close contact and cooperation with a training partner. Within the academy, there are situations where you will be called upon to use your awareness to protect your training partners from injury.
Read also: Safety on the mats: How to be safe and minimize training injuries!
Here are 4 Ideas for you to keep your partner safe when training at the school:
1) Have your partner’s back
While rolling it is not uncommon to collide with other rolling pairs, the wall, the edge of the mat, the pillars, or other environmental variables. Many times, your opponent can not see these things and it is your job to be their eyes and prevent a potentially harmful condition. Stop the roll before your momentum crashes you into a bench or wall and resume your epic struggle safely in the center of the mat.
Furthermore, I tell students practicing takedowns that it is THEIR responsibility to throw their partner safely. The person being thrown is placing their trust in you to be thrown safely. Take that responsibility seriously.
2) Fingers and toes caught in kimono
Oftentimes during an intense roll fingers may become entangled in sleeves, toes caught in the folds of a wet kimono which can become painfully twisted or sprained. If you detect your partner is in such a spot, do them the favor of pausing the roll, removing the vulnerable digit and then continuing.
3) Joints in precarious positions
Sometimes your opponent is caught completely by surprise by your sweep or takedown and may have planted their weight in a position that makes their knee vulnerable to being painfully twisted if the takedown is forced. In these cases, protect your training partner by aborting the takedown or sweep if you sense that their leg is in a awkward position.
Recently I was preparing to perform a rolling back take that involved me rolling forward over my opponent’s neck into full hooks. But the opponent, unaware of the move, turned their head in the wrong direction – which would have resulted in both of us rolling our bodyweight onto his neck and possibly causing a painful injury.
Mid-roll I released my grip and plopped ineffectively onto the mat. It was better that I relinquished the roll and saved my partner’s neck than if I had continued and potentially injured their vulnerable cervical vertebrae.
4) Letting go of submissions even without a tap
Let’s get one thing straight first: it is YOUR responsibility to tap if your limb is trapped in a submission. Your opponent doesn’t know what your flexibility or pain tolerance is. That said, sometimes as more experienced belts, we must protect those who do not yet know the capacities of their own bodies.
Most advanced students have let go of a Kimura or arm bar when the opponent was refusing to tap even though the joint was reaching its limits.
It can be frustrating to have a stubborn opponent look up after you released the submission and say “Hey! I didn’t tap!”, but in the larger picture it is better to not pop the joint and retain a valuable (if stubborn) training partner on the mat.
Protect your training partners when they can’t protect themselves!
Read also: Doctor James Liu: bjj training, injuries and treatment.Teddy Biesecker Sr.
He was born on March 4, 1943 and was the son of Jesse O. Sr. and Emma Ridley Biesecker.
He was a retired pressman with Kurzenknabe Press, Harrisburg; he was a former mayor and past president of Royalton Borough Council, a former football coach and former president of the Middletown Boys Club; and he enjoyed golfing and was the National Champion of Speed Skating. His greatest joy was the love of his family, especially his grandchildren and his love for his Chihuahuas.
In addition to his parents, he was preceded in death by his brothers Jesse O. Jr. and Samuel Biesecker.
He is survived by his wife of 43 years Carole A. Boughter Biesecker; three sons Teddy L. Jr. of Honolulu, William J. (Maura Hill) Biesecker of Linglestown, and Brian K. (Lori Fissel) Biesecker of Philadelphia; daughter Lisa M. Biesecker of Royalton; brother Roy R. (Evette Roger) Biesecker of Forest Hill Md.; grandchildren Jesse O., Adam L., Christian A., Jesse L., Devon, Logan T., Brilan, Krista, M. Biesecker, and Lyla A. Sessaman; and great-granddaughter TaylorRae Biesecker.
A Tribute to Teddy’s life was celebrated on Tuesday at the Frank E. Matinchek and Daughter Funeral Home and Cremation Services, Inc., Middletown, with Pastor Douglas G. Hill officiating.
Burial was in Hillsdale Cemetery, Londonderry Township.
Condolences may be shared at.{jcomments on}Search
Search
3 results for 'creek'
Yes Ma'am, We Won't Get Muddy
>... (more)
Tags: boys, mud, creek, dirt, atv
A Mess In A Mess Caused A Mess
This past Sunday I was down at the creek behind my house wandering around to see what I was up against. I have spent the last few summers clearing the area behind my property because it seems that it is a choke point where all the junk from up the creek ends up. There is one area that is so narrow that in the heat of the summer one can almost walk across it without getting their shoes wet. This seems to be a favored spot for all things in the creek to just give up and stop. It doesn't seem to help when an old tree falls in a recent thunderstorm and chokes it off completely. Which is what I... (more)
Tags: divorce, house, neighbor, beast, creek, mess, surprise, chainsaw
Seeing What Isn't There
..... (more)
Tags: deer, property, mystery, house, path, trail, cam, creek, critters, hog
« previous next »Lester W. Wheeler, PGA
Main Address:
Folsom, CA 95630-5531
Lester Wheeler is a PGA Professional in Folsom, CA. The PGA of America comprises 27,000 men and women professionals with one singular goal in mind - to make the game of golf more enjoyable for you.
Professional has not entered award information.
Home » Golf Courses » California » Folsom » Lester W. WheelPhotos!
Ernest H 16 Jan 2018
Do I get a proof first and how long to wait delivery ?
MichaelTMadden - TX - United States 8 Jan 2018
Incredible!
Wanda T - AL - United States 25 Dec 2017
Very professional site, easy to use. I have absolutely no complaints and will order again. Excellent work!
Anonymous Customer 9 Dec 2017
Great - again!
Jared L 26 Nov 2017
Already ordered a few times -- so far so good. Easy company to work with and high quality photos.
DEBORAH S 22 Nov 2017
Very satisfied with quality and price.
Donna L 7 Nov 2017
fast service nice quality
PatMeierJohnson 5 Nov 2017
Such nice service! You are a joy to work with. Thanks!
Rick 2 Nov 2017
prints are fantastic quality!
Betsy - KS - United States 28 Oct 2017
I just hope the finished project looks decent..my 2 year old grandson painted this at his school!Many people hear about thousands who have learned how to make money online and want to know how they managed to do so. It is no wonder that you want to know as well, because&hellip
Recent Posts
New GPT Concept Report On MLM / Home Business
How to Start an Internet Business – Tips and Guidelines Does this scenario sound familiar? You get all excited about a great idea that you had for a new business. You have a few meetings&hellip
Florida Traffic School – Know the Rules and Regulations of Florida Online Traffic School
Florida traffic school is one of those things that nobody likes to think about. It’s something that other people need to worry about, until you find yourself assigned by a court to take a defensive&hellip[On a Friday, after a week of casually chatting via email]
Boy: what are you doing tonight?
Girl: I'm not sure yet. No plan right now.
Boy: I have tentative plans but if they fall through do you have any interest in getting a few drinks?
Girl: Maybe…
Boy: Maybe? Why maybe and not yes?
Girl: Not sure I care to be your back up plan.
Boy: Ahh good for you, I like that. You are not my back up plan by choice my dear. I made these plans last week but the person in question keeps waffling so I think he may end up bailing. Is it so bad that if that is indeed the case, I want to meet up with you? In reality, I want to meet up with you regardless, but seeing as I have already made plans...
Girl: Just to drag this out a little longer, if you actually wanted to meet up with me, you could have tried to make plans with me more than a few hours in advance. I'm just sayin'.
Boy: okay, my bad then...
Girl: If we already knew each other, I'm not averse to last minute plans, occasionally.
Boy: ok.
Scenario #2
[Last Monday, at the end of their second friendly internet contact.]
Boy: We should make plans then!
Girl: You better catch me now, I'm leaving town soon.
Boy: I know! Let's get coffee or a drink this week. I'm free on Thursday or Friday.
Girl: Maybe. Let me check.... Yes, Thursday or Friday would work.
Boy: Ok, let's do Thursday then. Where would you like to meet?
Girl: [Suggests a place to meet.]
Questions:
- Which scenario actually leads to making plans to meet?
- In scenario #1, do you think that the boy didn't actually intend to "meet up with" the girl? Why or why not?
- In scenario #1, why is the boy's approach to making plans particularly offensive?
- In scenario #2, why is the boy's approach to making plans particularly effective?
- In general, does the girl's attitude seem appropriate to each scenario? Keep in mind that she has met neither boy in person nor talked to him on the phone.
- How strong a role should "gut" feelings play in such scenarios?
Anonymous comments will be rejected. You don't have to use your real name, just A name. No URL is required; enter your name and leave the 'url' line blank. Thank you. WorldWed 27th June 2012 - Wed 4th July 2012AUSTRALIA, BrisbaneRegatta Site LinkWorld Laser Radial Men's Championship 2012Tue 10th July 2012 - Tue 17th July 2012AUSTRALIA, BrisbaneRegatta Site LinkReady to Buy?
Delivery Details
1-2 Business Days
Trend Enterprises Terrific Trimmers Metallic Borders
Gold, 2-1/4" x 39", 10 Per Pack
Item #: TEPT91252
FREE Shipping on this item with any order over $49
Description: Decorate classrooms and enhance learning environments with durable Terrific Trimmers. Rich metallic for eye-catching displays. Try mixing, matching, and layering for an eye-catching effect. Reusable, pre-cut, and scalloped trimmer.
Features:
- Decorate classrooms and enhance learning environments.
- Rich metallic color is eye-catching.
- Try mixing, matching and layering for an eye-catching effect.
- Pack of pre-cut, scalloped trimmers.
TAA Compliant
Looking for more items of this kind?
Product Specifications
Color(s):
Metallic Gold
Height:
2 1/4"
Length:
39 ft.
Pre-Cut Length:
39"
Product Reviews
This product is not yet rated. Be the first to Write a Review!Trees Plants – Graphics Collection
Creative trees decorative border – vector material Come on everybody, just taking the following Creative trees decorative border vector material right here and right now, and it can do your great…The Whole Contents
Construction of Signs and markers design vector 02 download
Hello everybody, I know why you will be here that you are liking the following ” Construction of Signs and markers design vector 02 download ” right here and right now, and yes you are in the right…The Whole Contents
Three-dimensional maze background – vector material
Do you like the following Three-dimensional maze background vector material which is posted here for your design reference and FREE downloading, and I am sure it can help you so much because on the…The Whole Contents
Action figures do housework silhouette vector graphics
Good day all my best friends, when you are searching for some related Graphics Resource on the below topics “Action figures do housework silhouette vector graphics”, yes you are coming to the…The Whole Contents[url removed, login to view] visualization
Budjetti $25-50 USD / tunti
Work on [url removed, login to view] diagram visualization.
7 freelanceria on tarjonnut keskimäärin 38 $/tunti tähän työhön.
Contact for interview and provide details to estimates and cost time estimate initially Click to learn how to get rid of planters wart on foot fast and naturally at home. There are a number of different kinds of warts. One kind that can be more painful than others are warts on feet. What exactly are these warts and how can you deal with them? How to get rid of plantar warts fast and naturally at home, plantar Plant sometime.
How To Get Rid of Plantar Wart on Foot Bottom - Plantar Warts How To Remove, Treat Naturally at Home
PLANTAR WART FOOT CHEESE SCRAPING HOME SURGERY NAIL CLIPPER RAZOR BLADE FOOT SKIN REMOVAL
how to remove corns-callus removal, foot corn removal -wart removal podiatry how to get rid of corn
Best way to get rid of Verruca "Plantar Wart" now - how to use this for fast results - Part 3
194: Eardrum about to 'EXPLODE' after Blocked Ear Wax Removal using Endoscopic Ear Microsuction
DUCT TAPE: How You Can Get Rid Of Warts Painlessly – This Treatment Is Backed By Science!.My name is Shahnaz Niroomanesh, and I was born in Tehran-Iran. I did my master’s degree in applied and theoretical physics, and earned my PhD in management. Before 2006, I was teaching physics and mechanics, managed educational centers and institutions, and established and managed an educational counseling center
After 2006, I’ve started teaching Interuniversalism (Erfan Halgheh) courses, and attended central council meeting at interuniversalism association. I was the director of science and research committee at interuniversalism, and was a member of publication, and public relation team as well
I was the founder of non-government organization of Iranian public health association in relation to Faradarmani
My other activities were cooperation and collaboration with internatoional universities for introduction of Faradarmani as a complementary and alternative medicine
In 2011, I moved out of Iran, and started activities in support of Dr. Mohammad Ali Taheri the founder of Interunoversalism and its subdivisions Faradarmani and Psymentology. My activities included formation of an international campaign of free master Taheri, lobbying with authorities and human rights organizations, attending TV interviews and etc
In 2012, I established the nonprofit foundation of M.A Taheri in the United States of America
Research Experiences
Historical studies of the Abrahamic religions, philosophy of science, physics and metaphysics
Publications
Seir “The Journey» which is a collection of my poems and inspirations and revelations. First edition 2008
“The Alast” scheduled for 2014 publication
The Turning Point in My Life
In 2005, I introduced to Interuniversalism where experienced my mystical journey under the guidance of the most knowledgeable teacher in my life. My introduction to master Taheri was a new begging for me which I can’t put it in any words to explain it. I learned a lot from master Taheri, and I found out about myself, love, and the true meaning of life and existence
“Pour his love in our hearts
Shine his light on our hearts”
I hope that by continuing my international teachings of Mr. Taheri’s teachings and ideology, I do my share to deliver his teachings and vision to the people around the globe. I also hope that with the effort of interuniversalism’s followers,soon Interuniversalism being introduced to mankind ,and learn about the concept of connection to universal intelligence to become free from all the pains and unpleasant conditionsGreenbriar is a lovely neighborhood situated in the northeastern area of Ladera Ranch. Below you will find all available homes for sale located in Greenbriar, Ladera Ranch. Please feel free to browse real estate in the Greenbriar community and let us know if you have any questions or would like assistance with your home search.
Greenbriar homes consist of two-level, single family residences with smaller lots. The properties were built in 2001 and are perfect for both first time home buyers and empty nesters. Among the styles of homes offered are Cape Cod, Carriage House, Contemporary,: D.R. Horton
Village: Avendale
Streets: Ellsworth Street, Elmhurst Street, Gillyflower Street, Sellas Road, Shelbourne Street, Toribeth Street, Wayfield Street, Whitworth Street, Winterset Street, Zinnia Street
Public Schools: Ladera Ranch Elementary, Ladera Ranch Middle, San Juan Hills High School
If you would like full floorplans, further information or assistance regarding Greenbriar real estate and available homes for sale throughout Greenbriar, please feel free to contact us.It’s a dry denial
I had to interrupt my holiday blogging hiatus to bring you the “Journalist Year in Review” segment from Channel 8 Horizon. Arizona Republic columnist Laurie Roberts, AZ Capitol Media Service’s Howie Fischer, and KJZZ host Steve Goldstein were asked for their prognostications for 2016, with the winning scores being tallied at the end of next […]) […]
What we pro-choicers said would happen
Young “pro-lifer” Clayton Dykstra helpfully explains to me how lazy women would rather stick coat hangers into their cervixes than drive a few miles to obtain those super-easy-to-get abortions in places like Tennessee. In case you missed it, a woman in Tennessee has been charged with attempted first degree murder for attempting to perform an […]
Hard to call something “terrorism” when so many people seem to agree with the perpetrator
@jaketapper Why did he kill a cop and innocent people. He killed no one at PP. Why? Because he is a lunatic! — Nels (@debitking) December 9, 2015 In case you were unaware, shortly after the Planned Parenthood attack there was a committed effort by right wingers to deny the shooter was even targeting a […]
They can dish it out but can’t take it
If there’s one thing as constant as the sun rising over the Arizona desert every morning it is that Arizona conservatives love to rag on California. Since I moved here close to twenty years ago I’ve been hearing right wingers characterize California as the epitome of every bad liberal thing imaginable. If you are a […]
The anti-choice movement is not about “life”. Never has been.
“Pro-life” leader in a moment of honesty of what this is all about. Since last Friday when a deranged man murdered three people at a Planned Parenthood clinic and injured several more, even some veteran pro-choice people have been stunned at the response by anti-choice people to it, which has been equal parts callous and […]:970 EUR
Usable area:138.63 m2
A cost of the implementation:116:1 040 EUR
Usable area:195.13 m2
A cost of the implementation:135 200 EURShow project
Project price:870 EUR
Usable area:61.69 m2
A cost of the implementation:63 400 040 EUR
Usable area:168.15 m2
A cost of the implementation:147.
Watkins is now with Webster, Chamberlain & Bean in Washington, D.C., and represents nonprofit organizations.
This article originally appeared in the Non-Profit Legal & Tax Letter® and is used with permission. The first two pages of the article can be found below, and the entire article is available in PDF format in the Attachments section.
Comments regarding the new draft Form 990 are due to the IRS on Sept. 14. In next week’s eWire, AFP will include the comments it submitted to the agency regarding the new form and the impact it will have on fundraisers and charities..
On June 14, 2007, the Internal Revenue Service released the long-awaited initial draft of the redesigned Form 990. Form 990 and Schedule A have remained largely unchanged in format for many years. Having recognized that a “one size fits all” Form 990 – even for non-§501(c)(3) organizations – does not provide adequate information about whether increasingly complex and sophisticated tax-exempt organizations (“EOs”) continue to qualify for exemption, the IRS has substantially redesigned the form.
Introduction
The redesigned form includes a “core” Form 990 that must be completed by all filers, and a series of schedules that require detailed information from particular types of organizations, e.g., schools and hospitals; and about particular types of activities that the IRS believes are risk factors that might indicate (1) non-compliance with the requirements for exemption, (2) liability for unrelated business income tax (“UBIT”), or (3) liability for any of the numerous penalties or excise taxes that may be imposed on exempt organizations or their organizations managers or disqualified persons.
The redesigned Form 990 results from the confluence of several factors:
- Increased Congressional scrutiny of exempt organizations, especially charities, in light of numerous well-publicized scandals, many of which occurred in the Washington, D.C. area;
- IRS’ recognition of the diversity and complexity of tax-exempt organizations;
- IRS and state regulator interest in greater understanding and analysis of fundraising, executive compensation, and other transactions with insiders; and
- The trend toward electronic filing, requiring greater standardization of reporting formats for information that has, until now, been reported in non-standard “statements” attached to Form 990.
IRS Timetable
The IRS has called for comments on the initial draft to be submitted by September 14, 2007. Comments submitted after that date will not be accepted because the IRS will promptly launch the effort to finalize the draft, which it plans to release in final form in time for the 2009 filing season, reporting about taxable years beginning in 2008. Thus, in the absence of a change in the IRS plan or an extension of time to file its Form 990, EOs with calendar year taxable years will file the new Form 990 by May 15, 2009.
This article summarizes the information required by the proposed new Form 990 and each of the proposed new schedules. Chief financial officers and others who are responsible for preparing and filing IRS Form 990 should review the proposed new form in more detail, with a particular view to determining the extent to which financial accounting and reporting systems will need to be modified for 2008 in order to ensure timely access to accurate information necessary to complete each new schedule.
Structure
The redesigned Form 990 includes the “core” Form 990 and a series of schedules that require expanded information from particular kinds of EOs, e.g., hospitals, or about particular kinds of activities, e.g., fundraising or international activities. Not all organizations will be required to complete all schedules. However, all §501(c)(3) EOs must complete Schedule A (Public Charity Status), all EOs must complete Schedule D (Supplemental Financial Statements), and most §501(c)(3) EOs must complete Schedule G (Fundraising), Schedule I (grants made in the U.S.), and Schedule M (Non-Cash Contributions). Many EOs will also be required to complete Schedule J (Compensation Information).
The IRS also released a glossary that includes definitions for 68 terms used in the forms and instructions.
A copy of the redesigned Form 990, including all of the new schedules, draft instructions, glossary, commentary, and requests for comments, can be downloaded from the IRS website at.
(The entire article can be found in the Attachments section below.)
Attachments<<Over 29 lakh businesses pay GST so far, deadline ends midnight
New Delhi: Over 29 lakh businesses have filed their first tax returns under the goods and services tax (GST) regime before the filing deadline closes on Friday, an official said.
The deadline for filing first monthly return under the GST—the new indirect tax regime that unifies over a dozen state and central taxes, including excise duty, service tax and value-added tax (VAT)—expires at Friday midnight.
“At the start of the day today (Friday), the GST was rolled out on 1 July, the government gave companies extra time to file returns and pay taxes.
GST Network (GSTN) 25 August.
About 48 lakh taxpayers had saved the sales data on the portal till 23 August and they are just a step away from paying taxes and filing returns. An estimated Rs50,000 crore had come in from taxes from those returns.
The taxes submitted include central GST (CGST), state GST (SGST) and Integrated GST (IGN portal, nearly 50 lakh have completed the migration process. Besides, of the 15 lakh fresh registrations that have happened, as many as 10 lakh are expected to file returns for July.Tuesday, March 17, 2009
It has been unseasonably warm here and I am loving it. The dogs are enjoying it also, although they don't seem to mind the cold as long as they aren't left out in it for to long. We have an area fenced just out the back door that runs across the whole length of the back of the house. When the weather is warm we leave the door open and the guys can go in and out as they please. The flies haven't discovered just how warm it is yet but I am sure we will be putting up a screen door with a doggie door on the bottom when they do. I miss our friends in Tularosa and Alamogordo and have been making more trips down there ( 4 hour drive ) lately. My husband just came back today from a visit and brought two wooden bookcases that one of our friends made for us. He was a carpenter before he retired and does super work. My husband brings the furniture back au naturel and stains and varnishes it at our house. We are gradually replacing some of our old second hand tables and bookcases with nice wooden ones that will be going back to Florida with us. We still have a balloon closing date of Sept. '09 and hopefully everything will go according to plan. I really miss the green plants and grass and especially the water. I guess when you grow up on the East coast and spend your summers at the beach it is difficult to adjust to mountains and brown dust all the time. At least it is for me. Everyone keep those fingers crossed...................
Posted by Schiplady at 6:47 PM 1 comment:
Our adeptness also contains API 5L X60 PSL 1 LSAW pipes which can be uniform and dense, designed to operate purposes in the petroleum, automotive, fetching of combustible gases and.
In the event you adored this short article and you wish to acquire more details relating to [steelpipeseller.com]( "steelpipeseller.com") generously go to the webpage.Daedalus: “Successful Aging of Societies”
Overview of Essays Focusing on Policy Recommendations Addressing the Issues of An Aging Society
Successful Aging of Societies
John W. Rowe
In his overview, Dr. Rowe provides a preview of the essays contained in this specially-themed issue of Daedalus. He introduces the considerations and strategies that are relevant to a comprehensive understanding of the institutional and policy changes required for the United States to emerge from the demographic transformation with a resilient, productive, equitable cohesive, secure, and sustainable society. He urges policymakers to consider both the benefits and risks to an aging society. He suggests the development of a unifying strategy that optimizes the balance between the two while emphasizing that older individuals have tremendous capability to productively participate in the workforce or through volunteerism.
The Demographic Transformation of America
S. Jay Olshansky
Dr. Olshansky examines the future composition and function of the United States population. He explains how, within the next 30 years, the population will experience a permanent change in its age structure. He addresses why life expectancy in the United States is likely to diverge from that experienced by the rest of the developed world; describes recent trends in healthy-life expectancy; and examines how the age structure of the U.S. by mid-century will be different from that found today.
Hispanic Older Adult Health & Longevity in the United States: Current Patterns & Concerns for the Future
Robert A. Hummer & Mark D. Hayward
The Hispanic population aged 65 and over–the most socioeconomically disadvantaged subset of America’s elderly–is projected to quintuple between 2012 and 2050. Essay authors provide an overview of current longevity and health patterns for this older Hispanic population. Specifically, they focus on four key issues impacting Hispanics–undocumented immigrant status, health insurance coverage, trends in important health behaviors, and continued socioeconomic status disadvantages. They conclude their discussion by urging forward-thinking policies aimed at enhancing the health and longevity profile for this aging population.
The Future of Intergenerational Relations in Aging Societies
Frank F. Furstenberg, Caroline Sten Hartnett, Martin Kohli & Julie M. Zissimopoulos
As the pressure mounts to reduce the public costs of supporting rapidly aging societies, responsibility for supporting elderly people will increasingly fall on their family members. Essay authors explore the family’s capacity to respond to these growing challenges. In particular, they examine how family change and growing inequality pose special problems in developed nations, especially the United States. They conclude by considering some possible dilemmas that policymakers may face in their efforts to support families.
Labor-Force Participation, Policies & Practices in an Aging America: Adaptation Essential for a Healthy & Resilient Population
Lisa F. Berkman, Axel Boersch-Supan & Mauricio Avendano
Population aging in the United States poses challenges to societal institutions while simultaneously creating opportunities to build a more resilient, successful, and cohesive society. In their essay, authors argue that expectations about old age have not sufficiently adapted to the reality of aging today and that institutions need more adaptation in order to successfully face the consequences of demographic change. They describe some of the underemphasized benefits that working and remaining active may have for health and well-being in older populations and suggest that it is not demographic transitions that will shape our future, but instead how our institutions and policies respond and adapt to them.
Productivity & Engagement in an Aging America: The Role of Volunteerism
Dawn C. Carr, Linda P. Fried & John W. Rowe
Volunteering in late life is associated with health benefits such as reduced risk of hypertension, improved self-related health and well-being, delayed physical disability, enhanced cognition, and lower mortality. In their essay, authors examine volunteerism, those who are volunteering and how they and the institutions and people they serve are affected. They propose that the impact of volunteering in an aging population be recognized and invested in, and that effective programs harness social capital of older adults to address critical societal needs and also improve the well-being of older adults. They further suggest that elder volunteerism presents a significant opportunity for health promotion and deserves consideration as a national public health priority.
Resetting Social Security
S. Jay Olshansky, Dana P. Goldman & John W. Rowe
In this essay, authors examine the case for and implications of resetting the eligibility age for early and full Social Security retirement benefits. They present evidence demonstrating that the rate of improvement in life extension at older ages accelerated after 1983 by exploring four central questions:
How well did the two-year increase in eligibility age for full retirement benefits from the 1983 amendments correspond to the proportional rise in life expectancy at age 65 from 1935 to 1983?;
From a demographic perspective, does the rise in life expectancy at older ages observed since 1983 warrant a further adjustment to the age of eligibility for early and full Social Security benefits?;
How would subgroups of the population with different survival prospects be differentially influenced by further increases in the age of early and full retirement ages? ; and what would the early and full retirement ages be today if they had been indexed directly to rising life expectancy since the program’s inception?
Global Population Aging: Facts, Challenges, Solutions & Perspectives
David E. Bloom, David Canning & Alyssa Lubet
The rapid aging of populations around the world presents an unprecedented set of challenges: shifting disease burden, increased expenditure on health and long-term care, labor force shortages, dissaving, and potential problems with old-age income security. While longer healthy life spans are an enormous gain for human welfare, essay authors suggest that current institutional and social arrangements are unsuited for aging populations and shifting demographics; and propose that the best solution is to change our institutions and social arrangements.
Individual & Social Strategies to Mitigate the Risks & Expand Opportunities of an Aging America
Julie M. Zissimopoulos, Dana P. Goldman, S. Jay Olshansky, John Rother & John W. Rowe
While increasing life expectancy offers the potential benefit of additional years of productivity and engagement for individuals and society, it also carries substantial risks. Authors of this essay detail the risks associated with aging at the individual level including longevity, frailty, and financial insecurity and at the societal level including lack of cohesion, inequity, and lack of productivity. They present policy recommendations to mitigate these risks.Homestays in Bangkok
Filter Results
21 properties found
- Sort by:
Baan I-Saran
68/26 North-Sathorn Road, Silom, Bangrak, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Baan I-Saran Hotel Bangkok is positioned in a business area of Bangkok pretty close to Night Market, Temple of the Reclining Buddha and Jim Thompson's House .
More...Book Now
Sor Vorapin Muay Thai Home
37/15 Moo.10, Soi Suan Pak1, Taling Chan, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Sor Vorapin Muay Thai Home Bangkok offers fine accommodation in Bangkok. It is located 20 minutes' drive from Temple of the Emerald Buddha and Khao San Road....Book TL 237...Book Now
Fahsai Antique Homestay Near Brt
1819/86 Soi 41, Rama 3 Rd., Bangpongpang, Yannawa, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Fahsai Antique Homestay near BRT Bangkok offers fine accommodation in Bangkok. Major Bangkok sights, such as Snake Farm (Queen Saovabha Memorial Institute), Patpong and Queen Sirikit National Convention Centre are…...Book Now
Winnine Cozy Home
11/17 Sukhumvit 95, Bang - Chak, Prakhanong, Bangkok, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Winnine Cozy Home hosts guests of Bangkok. Such facilities as allergy friendly rooms and a newspaper stand are offered to guests.
More...From TL 184 TL 165price for 1 nightBook Now
Live N Spa Bkk
514, Soi Charoen Nakhon 16, Khlong Ton Sai, Khlong San, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Live n Spa BKK Hotel Bangkok is a fine accommodation option in Bangkok. The property boasts convenient location minutes away from BTS-Saphan Taksin train station.
More...Book Now
Ban Kru Ae Homestay
1669/982 Pincharoen 2 Soi 37, Srikhan, Don Muang, Bangkok, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Ban Kru Ae Homestay Bangkok offers fine accommodation in Bangkok. Ban Kru Ae Homestay Bangkok is 30 minutes' walk from the center of Bangkok.
More...From TL 138price for 1 nightBook Now
Thonglor House By Petz Near Bts
14/12 Soi Sukhumvit 57 Sukhumvit Road, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Thonglor House by Petz near BTS Hotel Bangkok is located in a shopping area of Bangkok in close proximity to Benjakitti Park, Sukhumvit and Lumpinee Boxing Stadium.
More...Book Now
Center Condo
452 Ratchawithi Rd, Khwaeng Thanon Phaya Thai, Ratchathewi, Bangkok 10400, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Center Condo is located next to Temple of the Reclining Buddha, Platinum Fashion Mall and Trimurti Shrine.
More...Book...Book TL 111price for 1 nightBook Now
-
Jekky'S Homestay
House No. 166/10, Before Soi Suparat 1 (At Harley Davidson Food Shop), Pahonyothin 14 Road Phaya Thai, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Jekky Homestay villa is located next to Siam Niramit, Jim Thompson House and Baiyoke Sky Tower. The property is 1150 meters away from Jaisamarn Church, University of the Thai Chamber…
More...From TL 50 TL 586price for 1 nightBook Now
Bangkok Old Time Cozy Home
139 Soi Udomsuk, Sutthisan Road, Samsen Nok, Huai Khwang, Bangkok, Thailand (Show map)
Bangkok Old Time Cozy Home is set in a market area of Bangkok next to Suan Pakkad Palace Museum, Santichaiprakan Park and Queen Sirikit National Convention Center.
More...Book NowRAISE YOUR HAND if you own all or a portion of a closely held business. Raise the other hand if you intend, sooner or later, to transfer your interest in the business to a family member (usually one or more of your business kids). Based on 40 years of experience, I’d say that about 40% of you reading these words will have both hands up.
The IRS, with a big assist from the courts, now agrees with the position my office has been taking for 15 years. Finally! What a fight!
The following is an example of what the courts are doing and saying:
You (Joe) operate your family business (Success Co.) as a corporation. The assets of Success Co. include a number of appreciated assets, such as investments in stocks, land and buildings. Also, many assets subject to depreciation — mostly equipment — are on the books for much less than their current value.
Now suppose that Success Co. is correctly valued (for tax purposes) at $5 million. The value of specific assets that Success Co. owns is $3 million, but they are only on the books as $2 million. So, if Success Co. were to sell the assets or actually liquidate (although neither Joe nor Success Co. intend to sell the assets or liquidate), there would be a $1 million profit. Say the tax on the profit would be $400,000. The question that faced the court was, should the value of the corporation be reduced by $400,000 to $4.6 million?
“Yes,” said the court, turning thumbs down on the IRS’ claim to ignore this built-in-gains discount (actually the potential tax due for an asset sale or corporate liquidation).
As a practical matter, this case allows you to take three valuation discounts: one for lack of marketability; a second for built-in-gains of assets even if you don’t intend to sell them or liquidate (technically a part of the marketability discount); and a third for minority interest if you are transferring 50% or less of your stock to one person (for example, Joe gives 30% of his Success Co. stock to each of his two children).
After these three discounts, a $6 million company may only be worth in the $3 million to $3.5 million range for tax purposes. Truly a great victory!
The right value of your business, whether transferring to your kids, for estate planning or for other purposes is one of the most important tax impact considerations in the law.
We have known how to transfer your business to the younger members of your family, tax-free, for years. Now, with this huge valuation victory, we can hit the IRS with both guns blazing, and they can’t fight back. The law is
on our side.
(But a warning: Don’t be aggressive. Follow the rules to victory.)
How income tax works
You must read what follows. Then pass it on to your friends. Save copies to give to your kids and grandkids.
I did not write this, although I wish I did. The author is T. Davies, professor of accounting at the University of South Dakota School of Business. This came to me in an e-mail.
Here it is word-for-word. Enjoy!
Let’s put [income] tax cuts in terms everyone can understand. Suppose that every day, 10 men go out for dinner. The bill for all 10 10th man — the richest — would pay $59. That’s what they
decided to do.
The 10 10 only cost $80. The group still wanted to pay their bill the way we pay our taxes. So the first four men were unaffected. They would still eat for free.
But what about the other six men, the paying customers? How could they divvy up the $20 windfall so that everyone would get his own  now paid nothing, the sixth pitched in $2, the seventh paid $5, the eighth paid $9, the ninth paid $12, leaving the 10th man with a bill of $52 instead of his earlier $59. Each of the six was better off than before. And the first four continued to eat for free.
But once outside the restaurant, the 10 customers began to compare their savings.
“I only got a dollar out of the $20,” declared the sixth man, pointing to the 10th.  10th and beat him up. short of paying!
Irv’s comments: The sad part is we have not figured out how to beat the income tax. Earn and you pay. Earn more and you pay more. Sad!
But happily, we do know how to beat the estate tax, legally. To learn how, go to my Web site:.
Irving Blackman is a partner in Blackman Kallick Bartelstein, 300 S. Riverside Plaza, Chicago, IL 60606; via e-mail at [email protected]; or by phone at 312/207-1040.Description
We’ve seen in the scriptures that a Peaceful Heart leads to a healthy body. Colossians 3 says that we are to set our sights and focus on the things of heaven which will take our focus off the things of the earth which allows us to let the peace of God rule our hearts. What’s interesting is he lists the “things of the earth” and it’s not what you might think. When we set our sights on heaven it will require us to put off or let go of anger, wrath, malice, malicious behavior (unforgiveness and judgement toward others). It helps us to put off our old sinful nature that we used to live by and put on our NEW nature.
Notice it’s something we do, not something God does for us. We have to make that choice, “Put.”
In order for us to allow God’s Peace to rule in our hearts we must first do what he says as listed in the verses above. When we do, we will have a Peaceful Heart that God promises will lead to a healthy body. I don’t know about you, but it sounds good just thinking about it. Can you imagine living a life of Peace and Health? I can.
When the Lord led me to start Endless Possibilities a healing class at Ponce Church I decided that I would share and teach only what He was leading me to teach. What I’m finding out based on the content He has given me is this: Yes, He has provided healing for us when He sent Jesus to die on the Cross. But he has also been emphasizing the importance of forgiving others and how it can affect the healing that Jesus has provided. The more I listen in prayer and study of the scriptures I am finding that forgiveness and healing are connected. The Cross is all about forgiveness and mercy and thank God for it. But if we decide others that have offended us are not worthy of forgiveness then we have entered into judgement. And the scriptures say, “For you will be treated as you treat others. The standard you use in judging is the standard by which you will be judged.” Matthew 7:2. And if we have lived our life holding others sins against them then we are no longer walking in the mercy of God for our sins and the healing He has provided is hindered. Jesus said it this way in Mark 11, “If you do not forgive, neither will your Father in Heaven forgive you.” Notice He says, “your Father in Heaven” he is talking to the believer in this verse. Jesus himself showed this to me many years ago when I first became a Christian. I am so glad he did because I want to live out my life showing mercy so that I will receive His mercy. Even though it has been difficult to forgive others at times, He has always helped me to forgive and I have found that life is more peaceful. If you need help forgiving someone, ask Him and keep your heart open and He will help you as well. As I have said many times in class and in my writings, “A Peaceful heart leads to a healthy body.” Proverbs 14:30, James 5:13-17, Mark 11:26, 1 Peter 2:24.
Personally I am thankful to God who loves us so much that he “corrects those he loves” even though it feels uncomfortable. He also says, “No discipline seems pleasant at the time, but painful. Later on, however, it produces a harvest of righteousness and peace for those who have been trained by it.” Why? Because he’s a cruel God? No! Because he knows that if we listen to him we can live a life full of the “good” things that he has planned for us: Good and not evil. The evil comes when we refuse to follow His instructions. When we decide our way is better, we will continue to cleave to anger, wrath, malice, lying, hate, unforgiveness, judgement. Good comes when we choose to show Love and Mercy above all else, it is then that we will live in His Peace which leads to a healthy body. Love, God’s Love in us is ALWAYS the answer to everything including our health. Colossians 3:1-17, Proverbs 14:30 NLT.Beautiful KD hard maple. Old school solid dowels.Click on images for tier pricing !
Grade-B Hard maple dowel. Excellant for repairs, jump cues, break shafts. 5-10 growth ring/inch. Some grain run off, nice texture, small cosmetic defects may be allowed. These are nice , affordable, they make great cues.
A-Grade hard maple dowel. 1"x30" straight, white, no defect, small amount of grain run off. 5-10 growth rings/inch.
Grade AA hard maple dowel 1" x 30" Straight white, no defect, no grain run off, 8-15 growth rings /inch
$5.49
$9.49
$14.49
Premium grade hard maple dowel. 1" x 30" straight grain , no defect. 15-30+ growth rings /inch. Custom grade
$26.00
30" long 1" diameter hard maple dowels.Erik Spoelstra takes time to tell Goran Dragic trade rumor is not true
Goran Dragic #7 of the Miami Heat drives on Jeremy Lin #7 of the Brooklyn Nets during a preseason game at American Airlines Arena on October 11, 2016 in Miami, Florida. (Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images)
MIAMI — Goran Dragic can breathe easier now.
With a trade rumor involving Dragic popping up earlier this week, Heat coach Erik Spoelstra pulled Dragic aside to shoot down the rumor before Thursday’s preseason game against the Hornets.
“We were just at the shootaround and he came to me and said, ‘G, I want to clarify something. Those rumors, they’re not true and nothing is going on,'” Dragic said of Spoelstra’s message to him. “I told him that I respect that because this is not his job. But I understand that this is a business. But of course, when he told me that it was a little bit easier for me.”
Basketball Insiders reported earlier this week that the Heat have discussed a trade that involves sending Dragic to the Kings for forward Rudy Gay and guard Darren Collison.
The move would help the Heat clear salary-cap space for the 2017 offseason with Gay holding a $14.3 million player option for next season that he’s expected to opt out of to become an unrestricted free agent this summer, and Collison (due $5.2 million this season) set to become an unrestricted free agent this summer due to an expiring contract. Meanwhile, Dragic has three guaranteed seasons remaining on his contract for a total of $51 million and a player option for the 2019-20 season.
“My friends called me and my brother and all the people back home and asked me, ‘Is this really happening?'” Dragic said of how he learned of the trade rumor. “I was like, ‘I don’t know.'”
Dragic was appreciative that Spoelstra took the time to dismiss the trade talk. Dragic, 30, remembers learning from his agent that the Suns traded him to the Rockets in 2011 at age 24.
“I already got traded once and nobody told me,” Dragic said. “As soon as we landed from the plane, my agent called to tell me, nobody else. Basically it was a painful situation back then. But now this is my ninth year in the league so I already understand.”
Dragic had a strong preseason for the Heat, averaging 13.5 points on 55.2 percent shooting to go with 3.2 rebounds and 6.5 assists in six games.
[Five takeaways from the Miami Heat’s eight-game preseason]
[National anthem singer takes a knee before Heat game]
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
Please confirm the information below before signing in.I am still working on a pattern review. I also got out my multi plaid robe and cut the last pattern piece. I am hoping to start sewing it together during the week.
In the mean time, I have a spring garden update to share:
This first one is Eliott’s part of the garden. He is having a lot of success. Mostly beans, corn and nasturtiums.
The next one is also Eliott’s but requires an explanation. I went out in the yard and saw him sitting in the grass by this one. He had planted a line of lettuce and the seedlings were too close together. So I found him carefully removing each one and transplanting it. Here is his transplanted lettuce notice the perfect spacing:
Steve planted his tomatoes this week also. We were a little nervous because they looked a little tired but a good rain yesterday perked them up nicely:
I am looking forward to a very productive garden particularly because I have put in such small effort. It ‘s great to just watch the progress without any input on my part. Everything is finally popping after this especially cold winter.Language Teaching Assistant (German), Duffield, Derbyshire, DE56 4GS
Closing date:
Contract type: Part Time
Contract term: Permanent
We anticipate, for the academic year 2017 to 2018, that you will work for approximately 3 hours and 50 minutes per week.
The Ecclesbourne School is delighted to offer a fantastic opportunity to join our Modern Foreign Languages Faculty as a Language Teaching Assistant. You will be passionate about the power of education to improve the life chances of young people and be a committed team player.
Our ideal candidate will:
- Have good organisational skills, patience, flexibility, creativity and an ability to inspire and encourage students to develop their language skills and knowledge of German culture.
You will have the opportunity to:
- Become part of a team of like-minded individuals.
- Work with colleagues who are friendly, welcoming and committed to ensuring every student receives a first rate teaching and learning experience.
- Receive full support for training and professional development.
You will work for 30 weeks per year (term-time between September and May). Hours are determined each academic year based on curriculum need, core hours to be worked between 9.00am and 3.40pm to suit the needs of the school. Continuity of service recognised for local government employees. Ecclesbourne School.
For further information, to arrange a visit, or help with the application process please contact: Tina Spencer-Keyse, Human Resources Manager;
Tel: 01332 843257
Closing date: 9am on Monday 20th November 2017.
Please note that we...WinterWonderGrass Festival Sells Out First Year in Steamboat and Gives Back to the Local Community
03/15/2017 12:26 ● Published by Dan Greeson
(Steamboat Springs, Colorado) - The 5th annual WinterWonderGrass Festival attracted thousands of fans to Steamboat Springs, Colorado last weekend, February 24-26, for the sold out three day music and brews festival.
With bluebird powder days giving way to snowy winter nights, fans gathered to watch their favorite bluegrass bands play into the Colorado sky. WinterWonderGrass is not for the faint of heart. Fans dress in warm layers, prepared for the winter mountain weather. But with greater effort comes greater reward, and the WinterWonderGrass festival go-ers leave the weekend feeling more energized, satiated and inspired than when they arrived.
The festival has created a sense of community with fans returning each year traveling from over 40 states to see more than 30 world-renowned bluegrass acts. The City of Steamboat Springs and Steamboat Ski Resort welcomed the festival with open arms, creating the perfect partnership. The weekend began with a free show at Gondola Square on Thursday and that evening WWG hosted an intimate dinner at Thunderhead Lodge on the top of the mountain with bluegrass legends, Leftover Salmon.
WinterWonderGrass had an incredibly positive impact on the community. With a 97% average lodging capacity in the overall Steamboat area and 100% sold out capacity in downtown Steamboat. With late night shows spread around downtown Steamboat bringing revenue to local restaurants, bars and stores, supporting the business community.
Each night after festival fans enjoyed the beautiful lights of Steamboat 9,131 feet below as they rode the gondola to dance with headlining artists performing at the intimate Thunderhead Lodge. Impromptu ski in/ ski out on mountain pop up shows satiated the adventure seekers, while fans could bump into their favorite artists on the chair lifts all weekend enjoying the champagne powder. Steamboat Ski Resort offered WinterWonderGrass fans a discounted three-day festival ticket, fully incorporating the festival and the mountain experience.
“The WinterWonderGrass Festival was more than we could have hoped,” said Katie Brown, vice president of sales and marketing for Steamboat Ski Resort & Corporation. “To be able to share our playground with bluegrass enthusiasts was a perfect match. We are thrilled with how the event went off and that we were able to introduce Steamboat to a great new audience. We look forward to hosting WinterWonderGrass again.”
The festival had a powerful impact on the non-profit community, having supported nine different NPO’s and influencing over $20,000 of donations. Several direct charitable partners were, United Way of Routt County, Yampatika, and Educational Foundation of Eagle County as well as Partners of Routt County and the Snowboard Outreach Society. WinterWonderGrass also hosted a food drive on Saturday during the festival and donated over 385 pounds of food to LiftUp of Routt County. WinterWonderGrass artists also performed at Casey’s Pond Assisted Living Community the week before the festival, engaging a new demographic and creating new fans.
As usual, the festival puts a focus on sustainability. There were no single-use plastic bottles on site, and nearly all products were compostable. Each fan received a stainless steel Klean Kanteen commemorative mug to offset to use of plastic cups and contribute to the zero waste efforts. WinterWonderGrass diverted over 13,321 pounds away from landfills and into composting, recycling and donation initiatives.
“We've cultivated an incredibly grateful, high-intentioned community of festival goers which I think is leading the charge beyond any other event I know of, and that's because of the people. We see this as more than a music festival, it’s a gathering of high-spirited, humble and dedicated artists, attendees, staff and crew. Collectively, we have once again raised the bar of what an inspired and thoughtful community gathering can deliver.” says founder Scotty Stoughton
WinterWonderGrass returns to Steamboat Springs, February 22nd-25th, 2018 and looks forward to calling Steamboat Springs home for many years to come. For more information on the festival visit
WinterWonderGrass
Music, brews and mountains is the foundation for the WinterWonderGrass Festival featuring more than 30 bands and 22 Colorado breweries over four days. WinterWonderGrass Festival is the perfect storm of world-class bluegrass, roots and acoustic artists, craft beer and libations under star filled Rocky Mountain nights encapsulating all things Colorado. WinterWonderGrass packs an incredible amount of fun into its three day event, offering attendees the spirit of an intimate gathering combined with a contagious high energy. With the unbroken sound of acoustic rooted jams coming from four different stages throughout the weekend, and the 'Grass after Dark' late night shows around the community, the music never stops. For more information on the festival, lodging and ski passes visit.15 Foods to Eat for Glowing Skin and Healthy Hair in vitamin C. Try a squeeze of lemon in a homemade dressing drizzled over a spinach salad. and munching on the fruit help the body synthesize collagen, which supports skin structure. 10 Beauty Foods For Glowing Skin And Shiny Hair Eat avocado in guacamole, sliced on top of a salad or sandwich, or even with a spoon. and ages. Take these eight food steps to strong, healthy skin, hair and nails. . Skip the pills and eat lots and lots of antioxidant-rich fruit and vegetables. HFG tip: Fruit salad – orange, kiwifruit, mango, rockmelon, watermelon. Glass of red.
I can recommend to visit to you a site, with a large quantity of articles on a theme interesting you.Patricia A. Smith
Patricia Ann Smith, 86, of Belpre, Ohio passed away Thursday, December 7, 2017 at Camden Clark Medical Center.
She was born December 11, 1930 in Parkersburg, W.Va., a daughter of the late Harold McKinney Swisher Sr. and Althea Mabel Sinnett Swisher.
Pat was a 1949 graduate of Parkersburg High School and a graduate of Mt. State Business College. She retired after 30+ years of service from Johns Manville as payroll clerk insistent on using a comptometer in place of a computer. The comptometer was retired with her. She enjoyed boating, crossword puzzles, sewing and knitting. Pat always attended the sporting events of her grandkids and more recently enjoyed taking care of her great-grandchildren. She was a very loving mother, grandmother and great-grandmother. Pat was a member of the Belpre Heights United Methodist Church.
She is survived by her two daughters, Kimberly A. (Bob) Koch of Vincent, Ohio and Lisa E. Holdren of Belpre; one brother, Harold M. Swisher Jr. of Amherst, Va.; five grandchildren, Sean (Abbie) Holdren of Belpre, Ryker Holdren of Belpre, William “Bill” (Faith) Koch of Chicago, Illinois, Nicholas “Nick” Koch of Vincent and Benjamin “Ben” Koch of Cincinnati, Ohio; three great-grandchildren, Zoey, Norah and Knox Holdren; and several nieces and nephews.
In addition to her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, William H. Smith; and two sisters, Jean Elzey and Jane Castin.
A Celebration of Life service will be 4:00 p.m. Saturday, December 16, 2017 at the Vaughan Funeral Home, 1010 Murdoch Avenue, Parkersburg with Reverend Rod Brower officiating. The family will receive friends from 2:00 until time of services Saturday at the funeral home. Interment will be in Mt. Olivet Cemetery at the convenience of the family.
Memorials are preferred to Belpre Heights United Methodist Church, 720 Clement Avenue, Belpre, OH 45714.
A guestbook for sharing condolences is available at vaughanfh.comHow to Prepare for Sunday Worship - 8.27.2017
Oh, magnify the LORD with me, and let us exalt his name together! -Psalm 34:3 ________________________ Worship in Song One and Only Man of Sorrows Staying Connected Announcements Celebrating God's work through Missions: Update from Linda & Sarah Tener Worship in Offering Worship in the Word Soli Deo Gloria: To the Glory of God Alone 1 Timoth...Keep ReadingStarted analyzing the trends of real estate in and around Delhi area with an objective to make small to medium investments.
Investments are made in land properties in Gurgaon, Faridabad and Noida with a view to divest in medium term of 2-3 years.
Investments made in 2002 - 2003 are divested with a return of 300%. Multiple investments are made together with creation of portfolio in agriculture, residential and constructed properties in NCR and surrounding areas. Trading of properties also initiated.
ABRISC Consultants Private Limited incorporated with an objective to help NRI clients (based in Chicago and London). Advisory services specialized in land assets to harness regional growth and infrastructure developments especially due to scheduled Common Wealth Games in 2010.
Realised 500% - 600% appreciation in investments made in 2005. Client portfolios created in 2007 and onwards realize gains of 300% - 500% over 3 years and growing. Advisory services are extended to include the builder constructions to tap the newer opportunity emerging in NCR and other tier II cities in North India.
UrSqFt Infrastructure Private Limited incorporated. Advisory services are complimented with Transaction services to remove the third party dependence on ‘ethics and transparency’. Additionally, Property management services are introduced based on the model of existing services in UK and US to take care of remote client investments (especially NRI clients). Client base expands to Singapore and other parts of Europe and US.Upper Tampa Bay Oktoberfest
Oct. 20, 2017 – Oct. 22, 2017
Roll out the barrels... and walk through the doors of the Oktoberfest Village to be transported to a world of family fun, good times and good cheer. Oldsmar is throwing a German Oktoberfest celebration at Tampa Bay Downs! Join the three day party with German food, drinks, music, and dancing, plus competitions for Stein Holding, Log Sawing, Keg Tossing, and Barrel Rolling. The festivities kick off on Friday from 5-11 p.m., continue Saturday 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. and wrap up on Sunday noon to 6 p.m. Admission is $5; military and kids 12 and under are free.
Event Details
Oct. 20, 2017 – Oct. 22, 2017donate and be part of the nation!
When you support a rider or team participating in CycleNation Indoor, you are making an enormous impact on future research, prevention and treatment for heart disease and stroke. Together, we can transform health in America
donate to support CycleNation directly
If you don’t know anybody riding, you can still donate to support CycleNation.The Tree Room
Description & Hire Charges of Studios and Rooms
Studios and Rooms For Hire
There are 2 beautiful studios and 3 consultation rooms available for hire throughout the week for all your classes, workshops, consultations and events.
Discounts are available with regular bookings.
(*Marketing fees may apply)
Please contact Joanne Murr by e-mail at
or tel: 07931 118959 to discuss your requirements.
The Tree Room Studio
Overview:
The studio is extremely popular with yoga, courses and workshops in holistic therapies as well as children's parties, music recordings and seminars
Dimensions:
Floor space = 7m 58cm x 5 m 65 cm
Storage space = 3m 80cm x 1m 30cm
*Hire Charge:
£16.00 per hour
£48.00 per half day/evening (max 3.5 hours)
£80.00 per full day (max 7.5 hours)
The Courtyard studio
Overview:
The Courtyard studio and it's adjoining inner courtyard is the perfect space for smaller classes and workshops, meetings , rehearsals and auditions as well as holistic therapies. It is a great space particularly if you are just starting up your class and aren't quite ready for the larger Tree Room Studio, towards which you can progress
Dimensions:
Floor space = 4m 36cm x 4m 58cm
*Hire Charge:
£10.00 per hour
£27.00 per half day/evening (max 3.5 hours)
£50.00 per full day (max 7.5 hours)
The Green Room
Overview:
The Green Room is an extremely tranquil private space and also offers the use of a hydraulic therapy bed. It is a popular room with holistic therapists and counsellors alike and is also used for small group consultations.
*Hire Charge:
£9.50 per hour
£28.50 per half day/evening (max 3.5 hours)
£47.50 per full day (max 7.5 hours)
The White Room
Overview:
A beautiful and comfortable, bright room perfect for seated therapies and private consultations
*Hire Charge:
£8.50 per hour
£25.50 per half day/evening (max 3.5 hours)
£42.50 per full day (max 7.5 hours)
The Lavender Room
Overview:
The smallest of our rooms available offering a bright private space and ideal for counselling and consultations. It is also an ideal office space which can be used in conjunction with any of the other rooms
*Hire Charge:
£7.50 per hour
£22.50 per half day/evening (max 3.5 hours)
£37.50 per full day (max 7.5 hours)Classified as young adult (or older children) series, suitable for children age 8 to 12, this is one of the favourite series of the princess. It features a rat who's a newspaper editor named Geronimo Stiltion. Geronimo has lots of adventures and there's about 40+ stand alone titles so far. There's also another series featuring his sister, Thea Stilton and her friends.
So far, there are 3 books in this particular series. I'm not sure if there's going to be more. Anyway, the 3 books are :
- The Kingdom of Fantasy
- The Quest for Paradise
- The Amazing Voyage
We bought this as presents in January 2012 for the pink princess and so far she has read them all and is starting to re-read them again. I might just join her just to find out what the series is all about and just to be a kid once again!Best Of Wedding Venues Nyc- Pleasant to be able to my own website, in this period I will teach you regarding wedding venues nyc. And from now on, this is the 1st impression:
ny wedding diy venues the 5 boroughs the design from wedding venues nyc, source:thedesigninspirationalist.com
the seven most expensive wedding venues in new york city from wedding venues nyc, source:businessinsider.com
Why not consider graphic above? is that will remarkable???. if you feel thus, I’l l provide you with a few impression all over again below:
valet living food drink easy on the starch the from wedding venues nyc, source:valetmag.com
dining venues university club of chicago from wedding venues nyc, source:ucco.com
candy bianca roses by bride blossom nyc s only luxury from wedding venues nyc, source:brideandblossom.com
the event planner expo 2013 will showcase 75 venues and from wedding venues nyc, source:enewschannels.com
throwback thursday the renaissance style wedding by from wedding venues nyc, source:brideandblossom.com
new jersey botanical garden skylands from wedding venues nyc, source:njbg.org
shure pgxd wireless lavalier microphone atd audio visual from wedding venues nyc, source:atd-av.com
diana gould ltd dianagouldltd on pinterest from wedding venues nyc, source:pinterest.com
12 best things to do on tybee island georgia from wedding venues nyc, source:vacationidea.com
types of flower decorations for luxury weddings nyc from wedding venues nyc, source:brideandblossom.com
So, if you like to have the amazing graphics about (Best Of Wedding Venues Nyc), just click save button to store the images to your laptop. They are prepared for obtain, if you appreciate and want to grab it, simply click save badge on the page, and it will be directly downloaded to your pc. At last if you need to get new and the recent graphic related to (Best Of Wedding Venues Nyc), please follow us on google plus or save the site, we try our best to provide regular update with fresh and new images. We do hope you love staying right here. For most up-dates and recent news about (Best Of Wedding Venues Nyc) pics, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We attempt to provide you with up-date regularly with all new and fresh pictures, like your surfing, and find the right for you.
Here you are at our site, contentabove (Best Of Wedding Venues Nyc) published by at . Nowadays we’re pleased to announce we have found an awfullyinteresting topicto be discussed, namely (Best Of Wedding Venues Nyc) Many individuals attempting to find specifics of(Best Of Wedding Venues Nyc) and of course one of them is you, is not it?Den stupid?
If you like this story, consider signing up for our email newsletters.
SHOW ME HOW
Newsletters
SUCCESS!
You have successfully signed up for your selected newsletter(s) - please keep an eye on your mailbox, we're movin' in!
Colorado Pols: No Obamacare ruling today, so feel free to exhale.
Or sign in with a social account:FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO!**update**
After a Greek feast of falafel, stuffed grape leaves, olives, and eggplant salad, the Knitting Triangle started working on the poinsettia wreaths. I'll be honest--there was some initial disappointment and concern when we opened the packages to find that lazy old Martha hadn't pre-cut the crepe paper for us. But baklava kept us going and we went ahead and wrapped the wreath shape with green crepe paper (while complaining that Martha could have given us a few extra inches of the paper so it wouldn't take three attempts to cover the white foam), cut out stacks of red and pink crepe paper into the poinsettia flower petals, and green leaves. For me, everything was going along fine and I was happy with the way the wreath was coming out until I got to what Martha refers to as "pips" (otherwise known as the little centers of the poinsettia flowers). These are tiny white pom poms that MS wants you to cover in crepe paper and then twist into little balls. Um. No thanks. I just went with the white pom poms and forgot about the colored centers.
Here it is hanging on the inside of my front door, looking very fun and Christmasy:Icon Vallarta
The Most Exclusive Condo in Puerto Vallarta
Puerto Vallarta. Mexicos Gold Coast. It is situated only five minutes from Old Vallarta and the International airport, and it is central to all of the citys cultural and recreational offerings. Whether strolling through its celebrated galleries, hiking to a serene waterfall of dancing to the music retreat for those seeking an address in paradise.Kimberly Bashinsky
Brush High Lyndhurst, OH Class of 1994
Personal Info
- Name:
- Kimberly Bashinsky
- Graduation Year:
- 1994
Memories of Kimberly Bashinsky
Are you Kimberly Bashinsky?
This page means someone is someone is looking for you. Register for free to let other alumni contact you and more:
- Let others find you
- Contact old friends
- Share photos and memories with other registered alumni
Looking for Kimberly Bashinsky?
This is a placeholder page for Kimberly Bashinsky, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kimberly Bashinsky.
About placeholder profiles
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kimberly Bashinsky. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kimberly Bashinsky. We created this page automatically in hopes Kimberly Bashinsky would find it. If you are not Kimberly Bashinsky, but are an alumni of Brush High School Lyndhurst, OH, register on this site for free now.-
- Mark as New
- Mark as Read
-
- Bookmark
- Subscribe
-
-
- Printer Friendly Page
- Report Inappropriate Content
Updated! 7 problems you will encounter when using Microsoft Flow (including workarounds)
After
- Not all column types are supported yet. In particular we were unable to write back to a Person field (you can read from them) – instead we used a single line of text. It just means our users don’t get a rich experience from the information gathered during the Flow. This planned improvement may help resolve this. Vote Now!...
- Person field that allows multiple selections. Instead of not seeing the field or a nice message, it simply returns a null value. Not helpful when you want to send an email out to everyone who appears in a Person field allowing multiple selections – Instead we have written a SharePoint Designer 2013 workflow to perform those actions. This planned improvement may help resolve this. Vote Now!...
- Multiple Lines of Text. You can’t include the content of them in emails you send out in the Flow, null value is returned – Instead we managed to negotiate with the customer to use single line of text. Vote Now!...
- Outlook Approval Emails formatting. We wanted to have line breaks in the email to break up the text. In a standard Flow Outlook Email (not approval one) there is a flag to set it to HTML. This isn’t present on the approval one therefore our email just came out with </br> written in the text – We found if we included a href link somewhere in the body of the email then the </br> was rendered correctly. Vote Now!-...
- Capturing information from an Approval Email. No way of capturing comments or who actually clicked approve in the email – Instead we, well… we had to tell the customer we couldn’t do this! This one is already in progress see...
- ‘Moving’ a Flow. Developing for a customer we were deploying the associated Site Collection and columns using CSOM – but not specifying the list guid. Anytime we did this we were unable to reconnect the Flow to the new list. The new site collection would be selected, the old list guid would then display and you’d select the correct list name from the drop down – job done we thought – apart from it decided to reset itself after every save therefore the Flow would not work as it was looking for the old list guid. This was probably the most time consuming issue as the only resolution appeared to be recreate any steps that directly interacted with the list. This one is now in progress see
- Packaging a Flow - Similar to the above, the lack of being able to package a Flow means our deployment steps are very lengthy as it means re-creating the Flow from scratch – at least it gives us good practice hey! This one is now in progress see
It wasn’t all bad – here are the ‘OMG I Love Flow’ moments.
- Discovering that Flow approval emails don’t require the recipient to have any permission on the list in SharePoint (we included all the item details in the email so they had the information they required)
- The ability to forward these approval emails for action by another user, however see pain point above that you can’t capture who actually clicked approve in the email. We managed to put the onus on the person who was initially sent the email as it being their responsibly to forward it on as appropriate.
- Loads of options in the Flow – we used very few in this simple implementation but was very pleased with the variety of options available, especially a very straight forward method of obtaining the users Line Manager in Office 365. The exposure to the options available means that we will be readily considering Flow for future implementations.
- Ability to share the Flow making it a team Flow, we wouldn’t have been able to choose Flow without this recent addition.
- Very easy to use interface, it’s so easy to follow and try new things. Glad to see the drag and drop ability is there.
- The prospect of it being evergreen, reassuring that it can be enhanced constantly and we can quickly get access to new functionality as the tool evolves.
There are of course many more exciting things Flow can do that we simply haven’t discovered yet! You can find support on the community site and vote for many of the other great ideas
You must be a registered user to add a comment. If you've already registered, sign in. Otherwise, register and sign in.Mixed Millet Upma, Breakfast recipe
My breakfast today turned out pretty good. Had this pack of Organic mixed millet by 24 Mantra brand.
So took 1 small cup of the grain. Chopped small onion , tiny green chilli and carrot. In a pressure cooker take about 2 tsp oil. Add cumin seeds, let tham splatter . Add crushed ginger and chopped green chilli.. After a minute add vegetables.Saute it for couple of minutes. Add grain ,stir everything nicely so grain gets a thin coat of oil. Add salt to taste, and 1 tsp turmeric. After about 6 minutes of sauteing add water double the amount of grain, so here we take about 2 small cups. Close the lid. Let it sit for 4 whistles. Switch it off. Let the pressure release. And open to piping hot cooked millet. Add lemon juice and garnish with fresh coriander. Loved it.What our Landlord's say...
"My business partner recommended John at The Blackheath Property Company as he could not fault the service he received and the rates he was charged - massive savings compared to other local estate agents. I was even given advice on making a few simple changes to my property which meant I got more rent each month than I anticipated"
E Busietta - Landlord, Blackheath
E Busietta - Landlord, Blackheath
"I recently bought a buy-to-let on a new development in Bromley and my work colleague said I should try Michelle at BPC. I was pleased with the valuation I received and within days my property was listed on Zoopla. Michelle carried out 8 viewings within a week and a lovely engaged couple were chosen to rent my apartment - they and I are delighted + we were both pleased with BPC's competitive charges!"
C Tickner - Landlord, Bromley
C Tickner - Landlord, BromleyWe.
mariohd445@gmail.com
I’ve been looking forward to the release of Eco. Every few days I check back to see if it’s been released yet. I’m so intrigued by the direction you guys have taken with the genre. I’m excited to see where it all leads and how the ideas are executed in-game. Keep up the good work guys. ^_^
ae porfavor libera uma versao de testes para os carinha de pc ruim
talvez o pc nao roda … e vamos comprar o jogo atoa
Obrigado pela sua sugestão. Essa é uma boa idéia, no entanto, agora no Alpha, estamos cobrando US $ 40 porque queremos que o alfa seja limitado a patrocinadores dedicados neste ponto, pessoas que querem se envolver no desenvolvimento e vê-lo até o fim e ter sua Influenciar o jogo.
I love the current system. you dont have to idle man, there are tons of things to do, right off the bat. gather plants and seeds, build your house, mine, explore. in fact you will level up faster if you are not idling. spend your calories, and eat balanced food for good nutrition, and im sure you know that raises the amount of skills you can learn. it makes sense. if you want to be smart and efficient you have to be healthy. I Love the game, keep up the great work and please try to include WATER more!!! hydration!!! Fish!!! Please!!!
any chances that the skill improvement will get switched back to what it was in the beginning? learning by doing instead of this skillpoint stuff what results in learning by idling?
Hey Woolridge, it is very unlikely it’ll ever be learn by doing because that forces grinding and macroing, and negates our food system which is a core system.
Appreciate your feedback, hope you will stick with us through final development.ISLAMABAD: A majority of Senators expressed their support for the existing system of election for members of the Senate on Thursday, but demanded more political powers for the upper house.
The upper house was transformed into a Senate Committee of the Whole to discuss the mode of election for members of the Senate and the pros and cons of single transferable voting system, alternatives and system reforms etc. The committee meeting was presided over by Senate Chairman Raza Rabbani.
Almost all Senators who spoke at the meeting expressed concern over allegations that a massive amount of money was used to buy loyalties of MPAs and to get elected to the Senate.
A majority of speakers suggested that the system of secret voting should be replaced with a show of hands to minimise ambiguities related to voters.
They demanded that the Senate should also have a role in the approval of finance bill and election of the prime minister.
Currently, the Senate has no role in all legislations relating to the finance bill, including the annual budget, or in the election or vote of confidence of the prime minister.
Tahir Mashhadi said that the Senate, through recent initiatives, had made its name far better and efficient than before.
He said that the Senate was a symbol of federating units as all provinces had equal representation in it.
Sardar Azam Musakhel said that in direct elections for the Senate, a province as a whole should be a constituency and because of direct elections, Senators would be more accountable to their electorates and political leadership and workers would be more active.
Chaudhry Tanveer said that direct elections would not resolve the problem. He said that small reforms in the system and rules of the upper house would make it more effective.
Dr Jehanzeb Jamaldin criticised the system to elect senators and said there was need for reforming the entire system. He said that senators should be directly elected by the people while chief secretaries, governors and IG police in provinces should not be appointed by the federal government.
Closing the debate, Taj Haider said that controlling the sale and purchase of Senate seats was the responsibility of respective parties and that senators too should be directly elected by the people.
The Committee of the Whole will meet again next week.
Source:Aliexpress Buy Baby Autumn Crochet Bow Headbands images that posted in this website was uploaded by Uncleanse.me. Aliexpress Buy Baby Autumn Crochet Bow Headbandsequipped with aHD resolution 640 x 640 px Pixel.You can save Aliexpress Buy Baby Autumn Crochet Bow Headbands for free to your devices.
If you want to Save Aliexpress Buy Baby Autumn Crochet Bow Headbandswith original size you can get it at the Download link.
Aliexpress Buy Women Knot Knit Headband Winter Ear Warmer, Best 25 Knitted Headband Ideas On Knitted Headband, 2017 Women Knitted Headbands Wool Crochet Twisted Knot Headbands, Top 10 Warm Diy Headbands Free Crochet And Knitting Patterns, Fashion Knitted Headbands Women Crochet Headband Wrap Wide Ear, How To Knit A Headband 29 Free Patterns Guide Patterns, Knitted Headbands Twenty To Make Russel 9781782211594, Headband And Headwrap Knitting Patterns In The Loop Knitting, Eapollowholesale Wholesale Winter Headbands Fur Headbands, Plain Knitted Headbands Thick Chunky Knit Headbands Solid Colors[SOLVED] Restore Cmos Settings?
I have not tried pulling the battery yet. I am partly disabled and incurable sick als a result of which I can't do this myself. December 24, 2012 Tom Answer to Hans: I think you really need to try to take the CMOS Battery out like in this article. In CMOS setup, look for an option to reset the CMOS values to the default setting or an option to load the fail-safe defaults. this content
This SRAM chip is used to hold firmware settings. CoolGuy Report • #3 nooner March 27, 2012 at 00:35:40 Thanks. Been looking for a solution for 2 months now. While the default settings for most modern motherboards will usually work just fine, if you've made changes yourself, like those related to overclocking, you'll have to make those changes again after
What Does Resetting Bios Do
Note: If you are seeing an error about a "media test failure", there may be a loose cable inside the computer, or the hard drive might be bad. Reply 0 0 « Message Listing « Previous Topic Next Topic » Related Documents HP PCs Forgot the Sign-in Password (Windows 10)Downloading or Updating Software and Drivers for HP ComputersHP PCs There are of course other situations, but the above are by far the most common reasons to make a CMOS reset. Here's What You Need to Do Article What to Do When Your PC Freezes During POST Article BIOS: Everything You Need to Know Article Here's What to Do When Your Computer
They have an additional small, hidden IC which stores the password. Ask a new question Read More Asus BIOS Motherboards Related Resources Fast reboot and "Press F1 to Enter SETUP To Recover BIOS Setting" American Megatrends "Please enter setup to recover BIOS Software ▼ Security and Virus Office Software PC Gaming See More... How To Reset Bios On Laptop solved Intel motherboard - how to enter BIOS setup Stuck on boot at "Please press DEL or F2 to enter UEFI BIOS Setting" message Tom's Hardware Around the World Tom's Hardware
NO, on Notebooks you can not clear the BIOS-Boot password resp. solved can you help me fix IE They say it came installed on my Toshiba, but I say I accidentl Uninstalled it I also did a reset it wo Resetting CMOS Thanks for the link, Ghislain. User-Comments: CMOS-ResetTed 28.Oct.2016 14:59Thanks man, the 10 cent trick worked for me and could reset the BIOS and restart my laptop :)vishnu 2.Oct.2016 19:03thanks for the clear instructions.
Press the Power On/Off button (PC-Case) 3-5 times to discharge the mainboard condensers. Reset Cmos Asus Sign up now. CMOS refers to a particular method of designing logic networks, it does not refer to anything which can be "reset".What people refer to as CMOS is actually a small SRAM chip December 24, 2012 Max any solution for laptop?
How To Reset Bios Windows 7
Remove all unnecessary additional hardware like e.g. find this Why??? What Does Resetting Bios Do When it loses power, the information stored in it is lost. How To Reset Bios Without Display How to remove the CMOS battery If your computer does not have a CMOS battery or you're unable to find it, you'll need to do a hard reset on the CMOS
Test it in use on the motherboard not in air.A Pit Bull is like a gun you can pet.ACER Connect with him on Google+. If you don’t see a key displayed on your screen, consult your computer’s manual. Clear Cmos Jumper
This could be the reason why you have to get into BIOS and apply BIOS defaults every time you turn your computer on. What can i do? This is what allows your PC to maintain accurate time down to the second even when it's turned off. Below you can find links to the support sites of most major motherboard manufacturers.
To know more about Dell's products, services and drivers & downloads, please go to Ask a question Member requests are more likely to be responded to. How To Clear Cmos Gigabyte CMOS refers to a particular method of designing logic networks, it does not refer to anything which can be "reset".What people refer to as CMOS is actually a small SRAM chip it worked for mebiosflash 8.May.2016 10:[email protected]'s hard to say.
On which computers can i reset a BIOS-Password?
Some other manufacturers even offer only the replacement of the notebook's mainboard - which will be really expensive! Ensure you’re grounded so you don’t damage your motherboard with static electricity before touching it. Thaks for all the help.Once last thing, if I may: my Vcard seems to be working normally, but the Nvdia gadget claims that the PCIE bus is still operating at 0x, What Is Cmos Setup Thanks.
When that didn't work, I removed the battery, used the jumper to wipe CMOS, and then reinstalled the battery. So I disabled all the security for every PCI slot. Published 12/24/12 SHOW ARCHIVED READER COMMENTS (17) Comments (17) December 24, 2012 NSDCars5 I have to be grounded? *runs to mom and says "Mum, ground me if you can! :P" mum check my blog BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK Why Is Printer Ink So Expensive?
Report • #11 jefro April 3, 2012 at 18:44:09 You don't have to pay duty and shipping. I am completely lost and have no Idea what to do!!! Remove the 10 Euro Cent coin (or the paper clip). I made sure that the terminals and contact surfaces were thoroughly cleaned before I fitted the new battery.
Thank you! >>| COMMENT Name Email (invisible) Verify code Verify code (3 chars) Comment +++ March 27, 2015 - new Version 9.2 of PixelRuler- the Screenruler released! +++ Newest This is what allows your PC to maintain accurate time down to the second even when it's turned off. You only need CPU, RAM and Graphic adapter! So I read somewhere to reset the CMOS and that worked and I would like to know why. "Resetting the CMOS" is a bit of a misnomer.
Report pseudonym- Feb 3, 2010 at 05:53 PM Press F11 Report krash- Feb 23, 2011 at 10:35 AM F11 was the option to restore - thanks! Most of those would signal the end of the cycle with a ‘beep'. The first thing that occurs when the PC is turned on is called POST, or Power-On Self Test. Why would they release a BIOS that breaks my machine.
This may usually happen if you added more RAM or another hardware. If the above steps do not reset the CMOS settings, we suggest removing the CMOS battery, like the one in the picture, causing the computer to forget all CMOS settings, including With many CMOS setup screens, there will be a function key to do this. That was just the first supplier that I found on Google; no doubt some are even cheaper.You're not getting confused with the main battery are you?
And they show you how to reset your CMOS. BaconaderNov 10, 2014, 3:12 PM I am having a similar problem. But I'm still getting the same message as before.I'm going to try to update the BIOS; maybe the data is corrupted. Helpful +41 Report johnpot Jul 12, 2010 at 08:05 AM f10 Report vitaloathv- Aug 30, 2010 at 01:08 AM You are the man!
solved Computer stuck in sleep mode. I also lost my pasting in foxfire but,not windows INT.Office 2.77, 21 Woodland Rd
21 Woodland Road,
Clifton, Bristol BS8 1TE
(See a map)
+44 (0) 117 928 8797
debbie.pinfold@
bristol.ac.uk
I.
After.
I.
View complete publications list in the University of Bristol publications system
Edit this profile If you are Dr Debbie Pinfold, you can edit this page. Login required.Vauxhall Car Rental Norwich
Vauxhall car rental near Norwich, UK (United Kingdom)
Vauxhall car rental in airports near Norwich
Vauxhall rental cars in downtown around Norwich
- Norwich
0.24 mi / 0.38 km
- Great Yarmouth
18.01 mi / 28.99 km
Vauxhall car rental in other locations around Norwich
Need a compact vehicle for business purposes, such as transporting cargo for affordable price? Rentalcars24h.com knows what you need. We offer you to make use of Vauxhall car rental Norwich, Norwich, Norwich,Oprah Winfrey has one of the most famous Book Clubs in the World, not just the USA. And some of the books she recommends are truly worth reading. I have been browsing and checking out some titles, and came across this pure Gem. It's "Freedom" by Jonathan Franzen, and available on Amazon.
These books are hugely readable. Franzen is very good at involving his readers in his writing. It's not hard to see how Freedom became a Bestseller on the Oprah Book Club listing. I also recommend the novel "The Corrections" as this is almost as good as the Freedom novel. Enjoy your reading here! Cheers!Friday, January 30, 2009
Wednesday, January 28, 2009
Tuesday, January 27, 2009
Monday, January 26, 2009
Sunday, January 25,
Monday, January 12, 2009
The World is Round
-If you want to read the complete The World is Round, a book I've published in 1983 go here:
-Si queres leer completo "The World is Round", libro que publiqué en 1983, anda aqui:
-Si queres leer completo "The World is Round", libro que publiqué en 1983, anda aqui:Basics of Search Engine Optimization
On-page and Off-page SEO Search engine optimization is a complicated and ever-evolving science, but in order to smartly interview a possible SEO provider you need to understand that there are two main types of SEO. On-page SEO relates to the factors on your website that impact your SEO (keywords, functionality, page headings, outbound backlinks, internal […]All works fine for me from then on (as does printing from web pages like google.com) 7. Help anybody got any other suggestions? Others have reported the same issue on Windows Server 2008 R2 in RDS sessions, and only after upgrading from IE8 to IE9 – so on the surface the problem appears to Register Privacy Policy Terms and Rules Help Popular Sections Tech Support Forums Articles Archives Connect With Us Twitter Log-in Register Contact Us Forum software by XenForo™ ©2010-2016 XenForo Ltd. this contact form
This ultimately cured the ailing computer, restoring the ability to print from outlook, and ie 8. Article by: Rick Technology opened people to different means of presenting information, but PowerPoint remains to be above competition. johnjneumann, Jan 27, 2010 #10 Advertisements Show Ignored Content Want to reply to this thread or ask your own question? All rights reserved.
I went to email options and changed a setting to "Read all standard mail in plain text". google.com). Click on 'comments' after the appropriate post. You can either add a logo/image by embedding it directly into the signature or hosting it externally and linking to it.
Code: 0 URL: res://C:\WINDOWS\System32\shdoclc.dll/preview.dlg 0 LVL 13 Overall: Level 13 Outlook 11 MS Applications 2 Message Expert Comment by:Mob-bom2004-03-22 Has this always happened on this computer or did it only It seems 98% of my email in in HTML and those I can not print. Any ideas? only replacing the UPD had success 1288-290819-1648084 Back to top Report abuse Back to Printing (HDX Plug-n-Play Printing) Reply to quoted posts Clear Citrix ©1999-2016 Citrix Systems, Inc.
If prompted during install that current components already exist, choose "reinstall all components" If you are running XP you first have to edit this registry key in regedit before you can Ian posted Oct 21, 2016 at 2:18 PM Linux Root Hole Security Flaw Taffycat posted Oct 21, 2016 at 9:25 AM Loading... Has anybody else had issues with the hotfix? The problem comes only by printing messages requesting a delivery receipt from the sender and without having open the mail before.
I've tried the "regsvr32 ole32.dll" without success and didn't find actually any workaround other than requesting the clients to open the mail before printing. The script error [1507] appeared in a dialog box, and prevented printing. (Other documents printed, just IE and outlook would fail.) The machine was running windows 7, and had experienced a Solution 3: A new Fonts folder Create a Fonts folder inside the virtual Windows directory (%username%\Windows\Fonts). iPhone-ready (Mobile) Sites Unofficial iPhone Resources iClarified Tutorials iCommunity Jailbreak/Unlock Resources iPhone Central MacWorld iPh Start New Discussion Start New Discussion Create Diane Poremsky [MVP - Outlook] Outlook Daily Tips | Outlook & Exchange Solutions Center Subscribe to Exchange Messaging Outlook weekly newsletter Marked as answer by Rex ZhangModerator Monday, July 16, 2012 The first solution, printing in plain text, will work for all end-users. When I attempt to print an email, I gets a internet explorer script error, it says:Line : 2021Char: 1Error: Unspecified errorURL res://iefame.dll/preview.dlgIt then says do you want to continue running scripts
If you answer either Yes or No to the question, nothing happens you need to close outlook to get rid of the popup. weblink TIP: Don’t clear the error message by clicking OK – this will just generate more activity and we’ve already recorded the problem. Several functions may not work. Click for Kai Schätzl's internet explorer script repair page.
Thank you. She is getting an Intenet Exporer Script Error when she tries to print. I've tried installing it several different ways, but it only ever seems to correct the issue for the user I installed it as. navigate here Your name or email address: Do you already have an account?
Common Fixes: iPhone / iTouch; Springboard / Summerboard crash. Now all of my email is in plain text and I am able to print them all. I tried one of the regsvr32 suggestions posted here, but it did not solve the problem.
The PC is up today, he can print from I.E. 8. We can save the email message locally, open it, and print it.We have tried adding the registry entry below that was suggested on a couple different forums, and this will print iPhone / iTouch: missing media (books, ROMs): App location. If you choose to participate, the online survey will be presented to you when you leave the Technet Web site.Would you like to participate?
The scan didn't find anything wrong. Windows XP SP3, 32 bit Thanks leggsf Monday, July 09, 2012 8:36 PM Reply | Quote Answers 0 Sign in to vote Is it this problem: ? I logged in and created the folder, but the fix did not work until I logged out and back in again. his comment is here Applications (including Outlook 2003) that are not "Terminal Service aware" will have their API calls are marked as such, which leads to an incorrect code path being followed when trying toBill DeRouchey is Creative Director at BankSimple where he focuses on keeping banking
and personal finance as simple as possible. Before that he led the interaction design
team at Ziba Design, a globally-respected design firm focusing on consumer experiences.
At Ziba, he worked on satellite radios, wireless medical monitors, DVRs, security
equipment, product naming, electrical utility websites, and a lot more. Within the UX
community, Bill is known for being co-chair of Interaction10, serving on the board of
directors of the Interaction Design Association, and researching the history of the
button. He sometimes writes at billder.com.
Craighton is a design lead who joined gravitytank as an industrial designer in Fall 2005. He now brings his rapid visualization and storytelling abilities to the interaction design team to generate ideas, shape concepts, define experiences, and form future visions across a broad range of industries. Additionally, Craighton is adjunct faculty at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, he draws comics for Core77.com, and he designs and produces his own products which are sold in boutiques and museums stores as well as exhibited internationally. He has a BS in Industrial Design from Virginia Tech.
David Sherwin is a Senior Interaction Designer at frog design, a global innovation
firm, where he helps to guide the research, strategy, and design of novel products and
services for some of today's leading companies. He has worked at a wide range of design
firms--from large marketing consultancies to smaller interactive agencies--for clients
such as AT&T, Cingular Wireless, Holland America Line, Onyx, Microsoft, Toshiba,
and many others.
David is an active speaker and teacher of design, and his writing has appeared in A
List Apart, PSFK, Design Mind, Imprint, and other periodicals. His first book, Creative
Workshop, was released in 2010 by HOW Design Press. He lives in Seattle with his wife,
the poet Mary Paynter Sherwin.
Indi got her start as a software engineer building interactive models and compilers on
supercomputers. When she switched to personal hand-held devices (the PenPoint &
Newton age), it became overwhelmingly evident to her that engineers were creating apps
for fellow engineers. Someone needed to be able to understand the everyday person who
was trying to make their day more effective. This is when she learned how to listen
deeply to what people were saying--and not saying. Indi consulted for many dot-com
start-ups, the least well-known of which actually survived. (Testmart) During the bust,
Indi founded Adaptive Path with six other
user experience experts. After five years of intensive projects, Indi stepped aside to
write her book, Mental Models. She currently consults, writes a blog at Rosenfeld Media, and
searches for good chocolate in every town she visits.
Janna DeVylder is a principal at Meld Studios in Sydney. Janna is the former Director
of Interactive Communication at SCAD (Savannah College of Art and Design), and directed
a team of interaction designers for Arc Worldwide, a Leo Burnett company. In addition,
she has led large-scale strategy, information architecture and user experience projects
for Orbitz, McDougal Littell and Giant Step. Janna.
Jennifer Bove is a founder and Principal at Kicker Studio in San Francisco, a boutique
product design agency focused on using new and emergent technologies to make everyday
products delightful. Before starting Kicker, Jenn was VP of User Experience at HUGE and
Schematic in NYC.
She started her design career at the circus, quite literally, Ringling Bros. and Barnum
& Bailey. In the 15 years since then, she's been dedicated to making better
products, processes and services for a variety of clients including Panasonic, Nokia,
the BBC, Gucci and American Express. Her design and management work includes the Prada
Epicenter store in New York groundbreaking experiment in luxury retail, Yahoo Go!, an
early benchmark in the industry for bringing web content to the mobile phone.
An active participant in the wider design community, Jenn has chaired several
international design conferences, including Design Engaged and Interaction 10. She sits
on the faculty of the School of Visual Artsi Masters in Interaction Design, has been a
visiting lecturer at NYU's ITP, and speaks frequently at universities and conferences.
Jenn's writing has appeared in How Magazine, Fast Company and Creativity Online. Her
work has been exhibited throughout Europe, including the Victoria & Albert Museum
in London.
Jennifer holds a Masters in Interaction Design from the Interaction Design Institute
Ivrea. She has a puppy named Luna.
Justin Rheinfrank is an interaction designer at gravitytank, an innovation consulting firm in Chicago. He has helped visualize and define exciting new interaction and service concepts for organizations like Google, Samsung, Mayo Clinic, and NASA. Justin graduated from Carnegie Mellon University with Masters and Bachelors degrees in Human-Computer Interaction and a Bachelors in Industrial Design.. Based in New York, he
is the Principal of Infinity Plus One Consulting, focusing on UX strategy, experience
design, and interactive development. He can be found at.endra Shimmell is an experience designer for Adaptive Path. She's extremely observant,
tuning into both implicit and explicit communication between people, places, and things
to uncover design opportunities. She makes sense of these opportunities in the context
of culture, infrastructure, trends, and technology. Kendra believes that great design
is never achieved in isolation, but as the result of partnerships.Kendra's experience
bridges both physical and screen-based products, and service design. She has led
diverse projects including the design of health care systems, retail environments,
medical devices, durable goods, consumer electronics, financial services, and
enterprise management applications. As a researcher, she has led large-scale
ethnographic and qualitative programs in the U.S., Asia, and Europe. Prior to joining
Adaptive Path, Kendra worked for Lextant, an innovation consultancy for six years,
where she was a Director of Design Research and User Experience Design. Before joining
Lextant, Kendra was a business analyst and interaction designer with Nationwide
Insurance & Financial, where she worked on both insurance and financial management
tools for agents and brokers, as well as the consumer facing Nationwide.com, ranked by
Gomez in the top three insurance sites for ease of use and overall performance for two
consecutive years. Prior to Nationwide, Kendra worked with the Capital Square Review
and Advisory Board (CSRAB) at The Ohio Statehouse to create tools to educate grades
K-12 about the lawmaking process, and with Technology Enhanced Learning and Research
(TELR) at The Ohio State University to design better solutions for distance learning.
Past clients come from a broad range of industries and include Cardinal Health,
CheckFree (now part of Fiserv), Cordis Cardiology (Johnson & Johnson), Dell,
Diebold, Ethicon Endo-Surgery, GE Healthcare, Hewlett-Packard, Hollister, Hunter,
Microsoft, Moen, Nationwide Insurance &Financial, and Victoria's Secret.. He is currently an Associate
Partner at the design consultancy IDEO and the founding chair of the new Interaction
Design Program at the California College of the Arts in San Francisco..
Rachel Hinman. Rachel's innate sensitivity to people and culture have proven powerful skills in the field, enabling her to successfully lead research studies on mobile phone usage in the US, Europe, Asia and Africa. Wireless Informatics Magazine. She writes and speaks frequently on the topic of mobile research and design. Her clients and previous employers have included IDEO, Microsoft, Yahoo! Mobile, and Kaiser Permanente.
An accomplished interaction designer with over 13 years of experience guiding large
global brands across a range of digital media (mobile, web, kiosk, devices), Sal
specializes in leading teams to create compelling consumer experiences that create
measurable value for clients. During his tenure at gravitytank, Sal has focused
primarily on designing next-generation mobile and consumer electronics user experiences
and exploring these concepts through the language of film and animation. Sal
established and manages gravitytank's Interaction Design group, a cross-disciplinary
digital media team of interaction designers, storyboard artists, animators and writers.
Sal has a BA from Notre Dame, an MFA from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago,
and is an adjunct faculty member at both the School of the Art institute of Chicago and
IIT's Institute of Design.
Steve Baty, principal at Meld Studios, has over 14 years' experience as a design and
strategy practitioner. Steve is well-known in the area of experience strategy and
design, contributing to public discourse on these topics through articles and
conferences. Steve's activities include: VP of the Interaction Design Association
(IxDA); writes for UXMatters.com; editor and contributor to Johnny Holland
(johnnyholland.org); founder of UX Book Club (uxbookclub.org); co-Chair of UX Australia
(uxaustralia.com.au); and Chair of Interaction 12 - the annual conference of the IxDA
for 2012. Steve holds M.Ec and MBA degrees from MGSM; and a B.Sc in Mathematics from
UTS.
Todd Zaki Warfel is the founder and principal designer at messagefirst, a design
consultancy focused on helping companies make products and services that are beautiful,
useful and a pleasure to use. Ask Todd what he does for a living and tell you he's just
a designer. He believes design is a holistic practice, a craft, and like any great
artisan, he takes great pride in his craft. He's not one to debate the intricate
differences between information architecture, interaction design, persuasion design, or
service design -- to him, it's all just big "D" design. Todd sees every problem as a
design challenge, an opportunity to fix something that's broken. He's rarely satisfied
with the status quo and believes in striving for greatness. It's this belief, combined
with the love of craftsmanship, which lead him to become a designer.
A designer mostly by trade and not by education, Todd holds degrees in Cognitive
Psychology and English Creative Writing. When he graduated university, the web was
still ruled by VAX terminals and books were printed on paper. Todd has been breaking,
designing and crafting systems since 1995. He's been fortunate enough to design
websites, webapps and other systems for clients such as AT&T Wireless, Bankrate,
Citi, Comcast, Cornell University, Numara and New York University. An internationally
recognized thought leader on research and design, Todd regularly speaks at conferences
and teaches workshops around the globe. As a member of the Web Standards Project
Education Task Force, Todd has lead the efforts for their prototyping curricu-
lum. new book, "Prototyping: A Practitioner's
Guide": discusses how prototypes are more than just a design tool
and shows you how to use prototyping to create a common language, market a product,
gain internal buy-in, and test feasibility with your development team. His newest book,
Guer- rilla Research is due in early 2011. Todd currently lives in Philadelphia, blogs
at zakiwarfel.com and can be found on twitter:@zakiwarfel.
Special thanks to our sponsors, who have generously supported the IxDA and our annual conference.
Questions? Talk to us! interaction@ixda.org
Want to know who we are?
© 2008-2011 Interaction Design AssociationParth.No Gift Is Better Epi5 continued
As she raised her eyes to meet upto his, she saw him already staring and she felt shivers run down her skin. She saw him standing still and looking at her quizzically. She immediately shifted her gaze to the floor, and stayed frozen in the abnormal position, her body supported mostly on her right hand and her head tilted towards the right.
“No no c’mon. You can easily take care of yourself Alone.” Parth stated sarcastically and she saw him still gazing.
Niti felt burned and she settled her left elbow on the bed and tried getting in the sitting position. She tried by putting some weight on the left side, and Oh Lord! It hurt. It really hurt. And the instant reaction that came up out of her body was, her elbows not able to hold longer, drooped suddenly and she thudded on the bed.
“Aaah…sss” came the voice from between the two drained rose petals as she hissed unconsciously.
“Dumb woman! Are you really mad? Well you are actually sick and seemingly it has affected your mind directly. Can’t you get that you need help. You need me.” Parth said as he quickly moved by her side and helped her settle firmly.
All the while Niti kept her gaze low and then she felt Parth hold her shoulder gently and she looked at him. He was shocked to find her swimming eyes but acted unaffected.
He held her right hand and tried helping her to get up but she felt a twitch in her lower backbone and she hissed as it hurt.
His eyes immediately started searching for the place where it hurt. Finally he looked in her eyes not able to decipher.
He found her left hand bend and reaching lower to the side of her waist and he got her miserable condition.
He suddenly left her hand and again attained a fierce expression but then he lifted her up in his arms in an instant.
She looked on shocked and when she realized she started to blabber, “Parth…Parth. Listen I am fine, you don’t have to…” and her words stuck in throat when she found him moving towards the door. Freaking in that condition she managed to say, “Parth. Leave me…I can go on my own, Parth just…” and her tongue froze when she found him staring her, his coal red eyes glaring her, and his set jaw informed more about his anger.
“Not a word. We are leaving, Now.” He stretched the last word in a high pitch.
Niti shivered at his tone moreover he wasn’t even looking at her anymore which hurt her more.
As they came out and through the corridor and around the reception, Parth felt something wet on his hand and he looked down to find Niti all mute and her head plastered to his right lower shoulder and her eyes closed yet flowing.
He looked shocked and paced his steps to reach Uttkarsh’s car. As they reached near the car Uttkarsh opened the back door as he had already seen him carrying Niti in the corridor.
Parth settled her firmly over the back seat and as he was moving back to come out and sit on the front seat beside Uttkarsh, he felt her tug at his hand and he stayed the same way, bent over her lying figure. He bent down to listen to her and her head moved up slightly and there came her lips on the corner of his lower one for a single instant and his eyes bulged out, “I am sorry.” He heard her say but couldn’t respond as his mind was still stuck at her cute act to ask for apology.
He came out of the back seat, the door still open and his hand holding it.
Uttkarsh saw him looking around; his gaze very unsure and no fixed at anything in particular, also his face was a darker shade of crimson red. He looked on confused as to why he is behaving this way.
“Buddy, you are okay right?” Uttkarsh asked sounding confused.
“Huh? What? Umm… nothing just…Let’s go.” Parth said and cursed himself as he could get that he was sounding affected.
“Fine let’s go.” And with this Uttkarsh went on closing the back door but Parth interrupted, “No I was saying that I would sit on the back seat.” He said it all without looking at him, unintentionally and as he looked he found him smiling sarcastically and Parth hit him on the left arm, “Owww.. That hurt.” Uttkarsh exclaimed.
“Shut up and drive.” Parth ordered coming back to his I am the boss attitude.
Uttkarsh saw from the raised window glass that as Parth talked about sitting behind, a smiled came up on Niti’s face.
*********
Guys this is the next part
Next one day after tmrw
See u all in comment section.
Love u all
Credit to: niri
hi niri… missed u n ur story yaar…. i m reading all the 3 parts now. they r awsome. finally the misunderstandings are clear. i dnt know how i have spent the past days without enjoying ur ff. same internet problem. but reading them at a stretch is an wonderful experience. thanx dear
thnx to you dear and guys this is 6th epi contd. and not 5th its published wrong way…dont get confused it has to come up after the 6th one
and tanu…thnx a lot dear and yep for me seems like this problem….network gonna stay weak all along the week…..just hope i turn successful in updating what i want….keep smiling and look for the 6th one that i updated
after reading the first few lines i understood the switch. so read accordingly. it was not a problem. dnt worry
Niri yaar. Thats supper. Both parth n uttu r too cute
thanx dear..i know i tooo feel the same…they are really cute rather adorable…love them..
wow…. going good..glad that everythn is going to b fine…
ummm…. maybe…or maybe not….dont worry…but worry coz am not revealing anything
thnx a lot dear for commenting…and keep commenting and always smiling. yeah???
Yummy ? (just like pizza ???)did not like it but loved it ❤❤❤ to every bit. I think you should take up writing as career you are damn good at it ??? n as always stay blessed ❤❤
❤
I was just goin thru the old epis since i was sooo bored…i got one doubt.. is this just the reason fr the fight btwn them?.. coz wen parth went to nitis place early mrng..taking coffee sip scene… he saw blood spots beneath her tongue…so was just wonderin is ter anythn more to be revealed….anyways keepin on.waiting fr ur updates…
Awesome episode, it’s very interesting. …keep it up. eagerly waiting for the next episode, love you loadsI really, really, really wanted to give Quote of the Week to Berkshire Hathaway's Charlie Munger, who issued a bizarrely tone-deaf quote about the gold market this week that somehow managed to insult Holocaust-fleeing Jews in Vienna (among others). I also could have shared Tim Iacono's response, which pretty well summed up the strange arrogance of Munger's words.
But given that it's graduation season and about to be election season, I thought this "10 Things Your Commencement Speaker Won't Tell You" piece from the Wall Street Journal was a more seasonally appropriate source for this week's quote. The article itself is nice enough and probably worth a read--I actually think the guy makes some very solid points--but I initially had a lot of trouble getting past the author's first paragraph without shaking my head uncontrollably. Therefore, that first paragraph... is your Quote of the Week.
This week's QUOTE OF THE WEEK
."
- Charles Wheelan, Wall Street Journal
That's brilliant--a 23-year old penning inspirational speeches to be delivered to 22-year olds, spoken as though they were informed by a lifetime of public service. That's pretty much politics in a nutshell, as far as I'm concerned.
It's not like any of this is news to me--I'm well aware that politicians' speeches and letters are essentially written for them by low-level staffers and strategists, which is why we rarely get anything out of them except for stale talking points. But doesn't it seem like our politicians, as public servants, owe us better than that?
We seriously need to get away from politics-as-usual (including political-speeches-as-usual) and get back to focusing on simply good governance--there IS a way to separate the two, I promise. Maybe someday soon we'll see that it's not only possible but necessary to do so.
[Wall Street Journal]
(h/t Falkenblog)![if gte IE 11]>
<![endif]> cruise of the Galapagos Islands. It is also possible to add a side trip to Uruguay or extend to Colombia and Venezuela.
View more climate information & imperial units
Fly to Rio de Janeiro, via Madrid, with Iberia. Transfer to the Windsor Excelsior Hotel (Superior partial ocean view room) on Copacabana beach for 3 nights. (N)
Full-day tour of Rio. (B)
At leisure to relax or take optional excursions, such as a 4x4 ride through the Tijuca rainforest. (B)
Fly to Iguaçu and visit the Brazilian side of the falls. Stay at the Mercure Iguazu for 2 nights. It is possible to upgrade to the luxurious Hotel das Cataratas located inside the park. (B)
Morning visit to the Argentinian side of the falls. (B)
Fly to Buenos Aires. Stay 2 nights at the Recoleta Grand or similar. (B)
Morning city tour. It is possible to stay additional nights in Buenos Aires and visit a traditional estancia (ranch) in the Pampas or take a side trip to Uruguay. (B)
Morning flight to Santiago for a 2-night stay at Hotel Plaza San Francisco. Afternoon tour of the historic centre and San Cristobal Hill. (B)
Day at leisure or take optional excursions to a nearby winery or the colourful port town of Valparaiso. (B)
Fly to La Paz and stay at La Casona Hotel Boutique for 2 nights. (B)
Morning city tour and visit to the Moon valley. (B)
Transfer to the shores of Lake Titicaca (optional visit en route to the Tiwanaku ruins). Overnight at Inca Utama. (B, D)
Journey across the lake by hydrofoil, visiting the Moon and Sun Islands enroute, to Puno in Peru. Stay in a hotel overlooking Lake Titicaca. (B, L)
Cross the Altiplano by road to Cuzco, passing peaks and valleys. Stay at Casa Andina Private Collection for 3 nights. (B, L)
Afternoon tour of Cuzco and the nearby Inca ruins. (B)
Full-day tour of the Sacred Valley. (B, L)
Take the train to Machu Picchu and tour the ruins. Stay overnight at El Mapi. (B, L, D)
Optional morning visit to the ruins or a birdwatching excursion along the river. Return to Cuzco for 1 night at Casa Andina Private Collection. (B)
Fly to Quito, via Lima. Stay 2 nights at La Casona de la Ronda. Alternatively, break your journey with a couple of nights in Lima, one of the oldest cities in the Americas.(B)
Morning tour of Quito and the equatorial line monument. (B)
Fly to the Galapagos Islands for a 3-night cruise on the Seaman Journey. It is possible to extend your cruise duration or choose from a number of alternative cruise vessels. (B, L, D)
Cruise the islands, taking tours with naturalist guides. There will be time for swimming and snorkelling. (B, L, D)
Fly to Guayaquil and on to London, via Madrid, with Iberia. Alternatively, break your journey with an overnight stay in Guayaquil and take a short city tour the following day. (B)
Morning arrival. (N)
As per itinerary – B: Breakfast, L: Lunch, D: Dinner, N: No meals.
This itinerary is based on a Saturday departure from London to fit with the Andean Explorer train schedules (April to October service - Mon, Wed, Fri, Sat) and the Seaman Journey 3-night cruise schedule. Departures between November and March will require changes to the itinerary, as the train does not operate on Fridays.
Prices, based on two people travelling and sharing a twin-room, are intended as a guideline only and will vary according to the time of year. This is a suggested itinerary, which can be further tailored to suit your individual needs. The itinerary can be taken in either direction.
Entry fees at the Iguazú and Iguaçu national parks are not included.
There are a number of small, medium and large boats sailing around the Galapagos Islands with cruise durations ranging from 3 to 14 nights. Please refer to our Galapagos Islands tailor-made section for more details or call one of our specialists.
It is possible to add extra time in any of the destinations, add further explorations within the individual countries or upgrade your hotel accommodation. Add a side trip from Buenos Aires to Uruguay or Paraguay, or extend your trip with explorations of Colombia and / or Venezuela.
This tour is based in 3- and 4-star accommodation.
For a price quote based on alternative accommodation standards, to discuss flight options or to tailor this itinerary, please call 020 7808 6780 or email info@coxandkings.co.uk
Occupying an 18th-century mansion, the Casa Andina Premium Cuzco (formerly Casa Andina Private Collection fountain, a colonial bar and stylish restaurant decorated with traditional paintings.
Features: 93 rooms, restaurant, bar, massage room, ATM, Wi-Fi.
Room amenities: Television, safe, hairdryer, heating.
Please note, the hotel will be closed for renovations from 3 January to 11 July...
Read more
Casa Andina Premium Puno (formerly Casa Andina Private Collection Puno) is situated on the shores of Lake Titicaca close to Puno. The rooms, all with modern facilities, are decorated in a modern Andean style. Local rugs, exposed stone walls, dark woods and white decor have been used to create a relaxed atmosphere. The restaurant serves fresh fish direct from the lake, combined with international and local flavours.
Features: 52 rooms, restaurant, lobby bar, Wi-Fi.
Room amenities: Heating, safe, hairdryer, coffee......
Traditionally a gathering place for artists, writers and poets, the winding street of La Ronda is one of the oldest in Quito. The Casona de la Ronda boutique hotel is located in one of the historical houses on this charming street and offers 22 rooms located around a beautifully remodelled central courtyard. The decor respects the culture and traditional features of the building, while also providing modern comforts such as wireless internet. The hotel offers daily breakfast, a coffee shop and reading room with a fireplace. Its central location allows easy access to restaurants and many of Quito's...
La Casona Hotel Boutique is situated close to Plaza San Francisco in the heart of La Paz. This converted colonial property features an interior courtyard with a fountain and attractive exposed stonework, wooden beams and colourful walls. The 25 rooms have parquet floors, private balconies and en suite bathrooms. There is a restaurant and free wireless internet...,...
The Recoleta Grand Hotel is located on a quiet street in the upmarket Recoleta neighbourhood, just a short walk from fine dining restaurants and designer shops. This modern hotel features contemporary decor with all rooms stylishly designed and featuring all the amenities you would expect to make your stay comfortable.
Features: 88 rooms, restaurant, pool, gym, spa.
Room Amenities: Television, minibar, iPod dock,.......
Brazilians call Rio de Janeiro 'cidade maravilhosa', meaning 'the marvellous city', and...
The cosmopolitan capital of Chile is a buzzing metropolis set against the spectacular backdrop of the snow-capped Andes.
Quito is the second highest capital in South America (2,850 metres) and lies in a narrow... and mtech students free download
Operation and Control in Power Systems
OperationChange Quotes (152) Spiritual Sayings
===> Change Quotes, Intuitive Spiritual Quotations, Inspirational Affirmations and Motivational Sayings, Slogans from Awakening Intuition. A Collection of some of the best sayings offering words of wisdom to live by
Summary:
Definition of Change. Change may include changes in nature, social institutions, social behaviours, or social relations.
“The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”
― Albert Einstein
“I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.”
― Mother Teresa

“You can't just wish change; you have to live the change in order for it to become a reality.”
― Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. Don’t complain.
― Maya Angelou
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has done through to achieve that beauty.
― Maya Angelou
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.
― Marcus Aurelius
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world.
― Lauren Bacall
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
― Richard Bach
You must change in order to survive.
― Pearl Bailey
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
― James Baldwin
We can learn to be the catalysts for our own change.
― Sarah Ban Breathnach
Change your life today. Don’t gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
― Simone De Beauvoir
Words are a form of action, capable of influencing change.
― Ingrid Bengis
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
― Henri Bergson
Syncron.
― Jean Shinoda Bolen
Nothing we can do can change the past, but everything we do changes the future.
― Ashleigh Brilliant
I believe that life is a journey, often difficult and sometimes incredibly cruel, but we are well equipped for it if only we tap into our talents and gifts and allow them to blossom.
― Les Brown
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change.+
― Les Brown
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
― Buddha
When words are both true and kind, they can change our world.
― Buddha
Only the fairy tale equates changelessness with happiness…Permanence means paralysis and death. Only, in movement, with all its pain, is life.
― Jacob Burckhardt
Desperation is the raw material of drastic change. Only those who can leave behind everything they have ever believed in can hope to escape.
― William S. Burroughs
You are in possession of one of the world's most powerful supercomputers, one that has virtually unlimited potential not only to change your life, but also to change your world.
― Shelly Carson
It only takes one person to change your life - you.
― Ruth Casey
Things don’t change. You change your way of looking, that’s all.
― Carlos Castaneda
A path is only a path, and there's no affront, to oneself or to others, in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you to do.
― Carlos Castenada
It is quite possible to leave your home for a walk in the early morning air and return a different person – beguiled, enchanted.
― Mary Ellen Chase
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold onto.
― Tao Te Ching
Life is change. Growth is optional. Choose wisely.
― Karen Kaiser Cl.
― Alan Cohen
They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
― Confucius
Resistance is thought transformed into feeling. Change the thought that creates the resistance, and there is no more resistance.
― Robert Conklin
Man is not imprisoned by habit. Great changes in him can be wrought by crisis -- once that crisis can be recognized and understood.
― Norman Cousins
People can't live with change if there's not a chageless core inside them. The key to the ability to change is a changeless sense of who you are, what you are about and what you value.
― Stephen R. Covey
I believe each human being has the potential to change, to transform one's own attitude, no matter how difficult the situation.
― Dalai Lama
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent; it is the one that is most responsive to change.
― Charles Darwin
It's not about standing still and becoming safe. If anybody wants to keep creating they have to be about change.
― Miles Davis
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
― Simone de Beauvoir
The journey between what you once were and who you are now becoming is where the dance of life really takes place.
― Barbara DeAngelis
Remember that the six most expensive words in business are: ‘We’ve always done it that way.’
― Catherine DeVrye
If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
― Jack Dixon
The most effective way to manage change is to create it.
― Peter F. Drucker.
― Wayne Dyer
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
― Wayne Dyer
Deep unspeakable suffering may well be called a baptism, a regeneration, the initiation into a new state.
― George Eliot
If you don't like something change it; if you can't change it, change the way you think about it.
― Mary Engelbreit
The fluttering of a butterfly’s wings can effect climate changes on the other side of the planet.
― Paul Erlich
No one can persuade another to change. Each of us guards a gate of change that can only be opened from the inside. We cannot open the gate of another, either by argument or emotional appeal.
― Marilyn Ferguson
Creative thinking may mean simply the realization that there's no particular virtue in doing things the way they always have been done.
― Rudolf Flesch
Use the word perhaps to change your negative beliefs to possibilities that invite action and, ultimately, to positive beliefs and probabilities.
― Anita Foley
All real change requires risk. You must take risks every day of your life. You must get up each morning and ask...: What can I do that is different?
― Debbie Ford
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
― Viktor Frankl
You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.
― Buckminster Fuller
Faced with the choice between changing one's mind and proving that there is no need to do so, almost everyone gets busy with the proof.
― John Kenneth Galbraith
Change is inevitable-except from a vending machine.
― Robert C. Gallagher
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
― Mahatma Gandhi
You must be the change you want to see in the world.
― Mahatma Gandhi
The first step toward change is acceptance. Once you accept yourself, you open the door to change. That’s all you have to do. Change is not something you do, it’s something you allow.
― Will Garcia
What you thought before has led to every choice you have made, and this adds up to you at this moment. If you want to change who you are physically, mentally, and spiritually, you will have to change what you think.
― Patrick Gentempo
People
Improvement begins with I.
― Arnold H. Glasgow
Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another.
― Seth Goden
Change almost never fails because it's too early. It almost always fails because it's too late.
― Seth Goden
It’s not that some people have willpower and some don’t. It’s that some people are ready to change and others are not.
― James Gordon
When we change our daily lives - the way we think, speak and act - we change the world.
―
Everything is connected…no one thing can change by itself.
― Paul Hawken
The great thing about the dilemma we’re in is that we get to re-imagine every single thing we do…There isn’t a single thing that doesn’t require a complete remake. There are two ways of looking at that. One is: Oh my gosh, what a big burden. The other way, which I prefer, is: What a great time to be born! What a great time to be alive! Because this generation gets to essentially completely change the world.
― Paul Hawken
The bottom line for everyone is I’m not good enough. It’s only a thought, and a thought can be changed.
― Louise Hay
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it’s not the same river, and he’s not the same man.
― Heraclitus
To change one’s life: 1. Start immediately. 2. Do it flamboyantly. 3. No exceptions.
― William James
Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.
― Steve Jobs
The fountain of content must spring up in the mind, and he who hath so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition, will waste his life in fruitless efforts and multiply the grief he proposes to remove.
― Samuel Johnson
We must remember that one determined person can make a significant difference, and that a small group of determined people can change the course of history.
― Sonia Johnson
If there is anything that we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could better be changed in ourselves.
― Carl Jung
As you walk, you cut open and create that riverbed into which the stream of your descendants shall enter and flow.
― Nikos Kazantzakis.
― Robert F. Kennedy
If you have always done it that way, it is probably wrong.
― Charles F. Kettering
The difficulty lies not so much in developing new ideas as inn escaping from the old ones.
― John Maynard Keynes.
― Martin Luther King, Jr.
You have the power in the present moment to change limiting beliefs and consciously plant the seeds for the future of your choosing. As you change your mind, you change your experience.
― Serge Kahili King
To me success means effectiveness in the world, that I am able to carry my ideas and values into the world -- that I am able to change it in positive ways.
― Maxine Hong Kingston
When you are kind to others, it not only changes you, it changes the world.
― Harold Kushner
You’re only as young as the last time you changed your mind.
― Timothy Leary
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.
― John Lennon
Just as energy is the basis of life itself, and ideas the source of innovation, so is innovation the vital spark of all human change, improvement and progress.
― Theodore Levitt
Only in growth, reform, and change, paradoxically enough, is true security to be found.
― Anne Morrow Lindbergh
Some of life’s biggest and most positive changes are propelled by mini conspiracies of a few well-meaning folks.
― Dr. Bernard Lown
Within you right now is the power to do things you never dreamed possible. This power becomes available to you just as soon as you can change your beliefs.
― Maxwell Maltz
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
― Nelson Mandela
What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
―.
― Donald William Mathews
All changes, even positive ones, are scary. Attempts to reach goals through radical or revolutionary means often fail because they heighten fear. But the small steps of kaizen disarm the brain’s fear response, stimulating rational thought and creative play.
― Robert Maurer
Kaizen and innovation are the two major strategies people use to create change. Where innovation demands shocking and radical reform, all kaizen asks is that you take small, comfortable steps toward improvement.
― Robert Maurer.
― Robert Maurer
To be a leader you must be able to create positive change.
― John C. Maxwell
Creation is a sentient and instinctual flow that determines where to go and what to change or omit.
― Shaun McNiff
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
― Margaret Mead
Creativity is a force for change.
― Dimis Michaelides
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you’ll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
― Caroline Myss.
― Mark Nepo
God, give us the grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changes, courage to change the things that can be changed, and the wisdom to distinguish one from the other.
― Reinhold Niebuhr
All things change, but nothing dies.
― Ovid
Sincere forgiveness isn’t colored with expectation that the other person apologize or change. Don’t worry whether or not they finally understand you. Love them and release them.
― Sara Paddison
Change only favours minds that are diligently looking and preparing for discovery.
― Louis Pasteur
How does one become a butterfly? she asked pensively. You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar.
― Trina Paulus
The quickest way to change your attitude toward pain is to accept the fact that everything that happens to us has been designed for our spiritual growth.
― M. Scott Peck
Change always comes bearing gifts.
― Price Pritchett
No action, no change. Limited action, limited change. Lots of action, change occurs.
― Catherine Pulsifer
What motivates you to change, to take action? Those who wait to take action until they find themselves in a desperate situation face more difficulties than they need to.
― Catherine Pulsifer
Some stories don’t have a clear beginning, middle and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what’s going to happen next. Delicious ambiguity.
― Gilda Radner
This one step, choosing a goal and sticking to it, changes everything.
― Scott Reed
In my early professional years I was asking the question: How can I treat, or cure, or change this person? Now I would phrase the question in this way: How can I provide a relationship which this person may use for his own personal growth.
― Carl Rogers
The curious paradox is that when I accept myself just as I am, then I can change.
― Carl Rogers
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
― Carl Rogers
Disgust and resolve are two of the great emotions that lead to change.
― Jim Rohn
You must take personal responsibility. You cannot change the circumstances, the seasons, or the wind, but you can change yourself. That is something you have charge of.
― Jim Rohn.
― Marshall Rosenberg
To change, you must face the dragon of your appetites with another dragon: the life-energy of the soul.
― Rumi
Life is like an ever-shifting kaleidoscope - a slight change, and all patterns alter.
― Sharon Salzberg
People kept telling me art can't change the world; so I stopped calling what I did art.
― Carl Scrase
People don't resist change. They resist being changed.
― Peter Senge
This, too, shall pass.
― William Shakespeare
Progress is impossible without change; and those who cannot change their minds, cannot change anything.
― George Bernard Shaw
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living.
― Gail Sheely
Everybody has a strength to share. If we can tap into that – if people can find ways to contribute whatever their particular unique talent or gift is, then, that really can change the world.
― Bill Shore
Maintaining a complicated life is a great way to avoid changing it.
― Elaine St. James
Every change starts in a small step.
― Ron Stolero
If you can’t change your fate, change your attitude.
― Amy Tan
Confront the difficult while it is still easy; accomplish the great task by a series of small acts.
― Tao Te Ching
It is never too late to give up your prejudices.
― Henry David Thoreau
Things do not change, we change.
― Henry David Thoreau
Once we’re thrown off our habitual paths, we think all is lost, but it’s only here that the new and the good begins.
― Leo Tolstoy
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
― Leo Tolstoy
True life is lived when tiny changes occur.
― Leo Tolstoy
One's self-image and image of the future have a great deal to do with what that person is motivated to do and able to do, as well as the extent to which he is able to change his behavior.
― E. Paul Torrance
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
― Harriet Tubman
Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk.
― William Arthur Ward
They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
― Andy Warhol
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
― Alan Watts
Movement is a medicine for creating change in a person’s physical, emotional, and mental states.
― Carol Welch
In the past century, there were more changes than in the previous thousand years. The new century will see changes that will dwarf those of the last.
― H. G. Wells
You can change your beliefs so they empower your dreams and desires. Create a strong belief in yourself and what you want.
― Marcia Wieder
Growth is a detox process, as our weakest, darkest places are sucked up to the surface in order to be released…often, it is not a change in partners but rather a change in perception that delivers us to the love we seek.
― Marianne Williamson.
― John Wooden
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- To return back to the Full Quote Index Listed by Subject
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Change
Quotes - (152) -
Awakening Spiritual Quotations
Keywords:)Class trips are integrated into the upper elementary school curriculum to enrich learning by taking advantage of place-based learning opportunities. Teachers take day trips throughout the valley to supplement the curriculum of different subjects and some longer trips that include the visit to sites of historical importance, hiking and many more. The camping trip is a multi-day immersion in civics, history, and science and is a preview of what to expect when they embark on their upper school trips.Classification Code Services (CCS)
For greater reliability in trade facilitation within Government contracts as well as other non Pre-shipment Inspection (PSI) countries.
Business Challenge. standards as well as either GATT or Brussells tariff systems.
What is the minimum value subject to Classification?
There is no minimum value designated by the client country. As per Customs requirements, all shipments must have a H.S. Code assigned to each item.
Bureau Veritas GSIT
+44 (0)20 7550 8900Send an e-mailAngebot für Individuell
Angebot für Gruppen:
Vermietung Privates Boot
Enjoying a private boat tour through historical Gent with live explanations from a Guide in the chosen language (Dutch, French, German, English)
On special request we have guides also for Italian or Spanish speaking groups.
Taxi Boote
Ideal way for groups travelling to Gent by coach. We take groups into the historical city-centre by boat from different spots / jettys.
Arrival at Graslei or Groentenmarkt Ghent
Possible to combine with a guided boat trip through Gent of 40/50 , 60 or 90 minutes.Eighteen area men have taken a stand against breast cancer by supporting the American Cancer Society's Making Strides Against Breast Cancer of Canton with their participation in the Real Men Wear Pink campaign.
During the month of October, these prominent area residents will encourage the women in their lives to take action to battle breast cancer. They'll also compete to be the top fundraiser before the end of the campaign. Each of the men is conducting a fund drive.
Taking part in the campaign are:
Mayor Tom Bernabei, City of Canton
Justin Carter, Progressive Chevrolet, Massillon
Gary Chapman, owner/designer, Pine Cone Designs
John Davis, motivational speaker/corporate action hero
Todd Hawke, GDK and Company
Shane Haynie, general manager, SAMS Club
Gary Meredith, director of security, Belden Village Mall
Steven Meeks, COO, Canton Regional Chamber of Commerce
Lucas Murray, attorney, Krugliak, Wilkins, Griffiths & Dougherty, Co. LPA
Jason Pirtz, assistant chief nursing officer, Mercy Medical Center
Todd Porter, special sections editor, The Canton Repository
Chris Remark, CEO of Aultman Hospital
Adam Robinson, Progressive Chevrolet, Massillon
Antonio Scassa, registered nurse, University Hospitals
Todd Scott, Aultcare
John Stewart, operations manager and radio personality, Alpha Media, Mix 94.1-FM and 1480-AM
Dr. Chirag Shah, department of oncology, Taussig Cancer Institute, Cleveland Clinic
Don Williams, retired, Timken Co.Big Tree was taken down late this morning after gladdening the hearts of my family for more than three decades. This wasn't just a big tree, this was Big Tree. It had a name. A douglas fir of indeterminate years (I haven't counted the rings in the stump yet), Big Tree has been a true friend.
Big Tree sprouted from a stump left over from the famed Yacolt Burn of 1902. Over the years, the nurse tree from which it grew began to decay until our proud old friend was virtually perched on bare roots as if on a tripod. In a matter of time, a wind storm would have taken the tree crashing down, blocking our lane and probably smashing the shop building. Worse still, someone could have been injured. It was time to call in a professional to perform the sad but necessary task of cutting it down.
Many happy hours have been spent by my kids playing under this fine tree. It's been a blessing, and we will all miss it. Its wood will warm our house for the next few winters, but the memory of Big Tree will warm our hearts for a lifetime.
For ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace: the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands.
Isaiah 55:22
That makes me sad :( I love trees and Big Tree looked so beautiful! ...
My husband counted the rings and the tree was 54 years old. It's too bad, but at least we have lots of others. And the air is smelling wonderful with the piney scent.This 'pink' looking bleecker wristlet doesn't appear as a color to order, but this photo is on the Coach legacy boutique website. Anyone know anything about this color? Might there be bleecker bags coming soon in this color? It's definately not the new 'rose' color of the new bleecker duffles.Faced with a bloody coup that threatens to destroy everyone and everything that holds meaning in his mercenary life, Locke vows to beat the enemy at his own brutal game--or die trying....
I have this book on my wishlist for ages now but never used it for this weekly. Reading another raving review about it just the other day did remind me I really need to read this one!!
1 reacties:Write reacties
Seriously, you find the most beautiful covers!!!!!! *drool*Reply
ConversionConversion EmoticonEmoticonHack RUN.
Release Notes:
> fixed web browser issue for some users
> minor bug fixes
Most Helpful Reviews
too addicting :) - I beat the game in a little under 1.5 hours. Now I want to play the rest of the trilogy, but they're not yet available for my Mac. What am I supposed to do until then?? :( In future versions, a fullscreen option would be very cool because it would let the "hacking" take over your whole computer screen rather than allowing you to get distracted by everything else on your computer. But if that's my only gripe, the game really was great :)
wow i hate this a lot! - umm…well…THIS IS REALLY TERRIBLE! I cant do anything on it! I mean, how is this in the games category? please post something if you want to tell me how to do this.
More Reviews for Current Version
Awesome hacking simulation game!!! - I couldn’t believe how tricky this game is! Great puzzles and it even includes hints and answers if you want them. Fantastic! I can’t wait to play the rest of the games in the series.
Hackrun - It’s great. Try it, you’ll like it
Is fun and challenging - Feeling like a real hacker while playing this game. So much fun!
HELP - I DONT KNOW HOW TO PLAY!!!!!!
Cute and fun! - Having been a fan of hacking games since first playing Uplink years ago, I jumped at the chance to try this game, and I wasn’t disappointed! It’s good for a casual playthrough, and some of the codes were tricky to figure out but not TOO hard. I enjoyed how the story keeps you following one bread crumb to the next and never left me bored or wondering what to do. I would definitely play the sequels!If you see the Code 10 error elsewhere in Windows, chances are it's a system error code which you should not troubleshoot as a Device Manager issue.Cause of the Code 10 for a full list of your support options, plus help with everything along the way like figuring out repair costs, getting your files off, choosing a repair service, and a whole The driver may be corrupted or missing. (Code 39)".The full instructions can be found here: more Windows Tips & How tos in: Category Science & Technology License Standard YouTube By using this site, you accept the Terms of Use and Rules of Participation Repair Windows™ Repairing Windows™ was Never Easier Home Malware Guides Contact Fix: ‘Sound Card device cannot
Here is a link to the motherboard drivers: 00M-RZ-F5.shtml Note Thanks to xpcman for this tip on the forum.. Then you can download the latest audio drivers there.
Published on Aug 20, 2014This is a short tutorial on how to solve Sound Card error(s) code 10 or code 39 in Device Manager: "Windows cannot load the device driver for NooboofTech 75,240 views 1:19 3 Ways to Fix: This device cannot start. (Code 10) - Duration: 0:47. Article How To Enable a Device in Device Manager in Windows 7 Article How To Disable a Device in Device Manager in Windows 7 Article What is a System Error Code? The problem I have been chasing ever since was the Realtek HD Audio Manager popping up after the system...
View solution in context Reply 1 1 Everyone's Tags: HP 8440pMicrosoft Windows 10 (6… View All (2) Valleyman Intern Posts: 43 Member Since: 05-24-2014 Message 2 of 5 (7,128 Views) Report Reply 0 0 Paul_Tikkanen Provost Posts: 77,965 Member Since: 07-13-2010 Message 3 of 5 (7,104 Views) Report Inappropriate Content Re: High Definition Audio Device - Device Cannot Start (Code 10) Options Article How To Open Device Manager in Windows 10, 8, 7, Vista, or XP Article How To Find a Driver's Version Number in Windows 7 Get the Most From Your Tech This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) A Device Which Does Not Exist Was Specified. WinTipsOrg 14,712 views 1:41 How to Replace a Sound Card or Motherboard Sound: includes choosing the right card - Duration: 19:10.
Being a member gives you detailed monitoring of your requests. This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Windows 10 Also, I see you only have the High Definition Audio Device, which I assume is the HDMI audio. Sign in to add this video to a playlist. pcvarious 257,042 views 0:47 Fix PL2303 Error Code 10 for windows 8/8.1 x86 and x64 - Duration: 1:41.
Please try the request again. High Definition Audio Device This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Windows 10 You can copy, modify copies of this page, under the conditions stipulated by the license, as this note appears clearly. I uninstalled this way and upon reboot, Windows tried to install the device, but it failed. The Windows Audio service is listed as started in Windows Services: To do that: Simultaneously press “Windows” + “R” keys to open the RUN window.
Son Bui 104,658 views 1:41 Loading more suggestions... Driver Easy is the program which will detect all problem drivers in your computer and update them to newer version very quickly. This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Usb A Run dialog will appear. 2. This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Network Adapter If that doesn't work, try a clean install of Windows.
Post a Screenshot of that. I don't recommend doing either before you replace the hardware, but you may have to give them a try if you're out of other options.Please let me know if you've fixed Subscribe to our newsletter Subscribe Team Terms of Use Contact Policies CCM Benchmark Group health.ccm.net Search Free Sign Up Login Home Forum How To Download News Encyclopedia High-Tech Health Free Sign I've done computer support on the Dell forum for 10+ years and the proper install procedure was (1) install Windows (2) Install Intel motherboard chipset drivers (3) Install device drivers including This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Usb Mass Storage
It itself looked for the problem and solved it Reply Pedro Penas says: October 28, 2016 at am2:36 I had installed the Intel Driver Update Utility but the scan conclude: A Rating is available when the video has been rented. Add comment Reply to this topic Ask a question Members get more answers than anonymous users. Check This Out Loading...
Your cache administrator is webmaster. This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Usb To Serial Even if I install them there is an error, the device may not work (code 10) - I tried re-installing, but still the same problem occurred. WinTipsOrg SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe1,5531K Loading...
Windows 7 Help Forums Windows 7 help and support Sound & Audio » User Name Remember Me? Reply 0 0 « Message Listing « Previous Topic Next Topic » Related Documents HP Notebook PCs - No Sound or Distorted Sound from Speakers (Windows 10)HP PCs - Updating Drivers If this is installed, check to see if you have sound, and if the Speakers (High Definiton Audio Codec) is set as the default Audio playback device in the Control Panel/Hardware This Device Cannot Start. (code 10) Wifi Adapter Step 1: Delete invalid or corrupted Registry entries.
Click on Update Driver.Select the Browse my computer for driver software option, and browse to the driver folder 7-Zip created.Make sure the Include Subfolders box is checked, and see if the To resolve the (Sound Card) “Device cannot start - code 10” error, follow the steps below: How to solve Sound (Audio) Card error: “Device cannot start, Code 10” in Windows About Press Copyright Creators Advertise Developers +YouTube Terms Privacy Policy & Safety Send feedback Try something new! I have three 8440p machines, this was the last one with Device Manager issues going from W7 to W10.
Bipedal Hominid View Public Profile Find More Posts by Bipedal Hominid 21 Aug 2014 #4 Bipedal Hominid Windows 7 Home Premium SP1 64-bit 4 posts I was messing Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue Remove allDisconnect Loading... The latest audio card device drivers can be downloaded for free from the official website of the device manufacturer. The system returned: (22) Invalid argument The remote host or network may be down.
Follow steps below to check for it. 1. You should install the correct NVIDIA driver which will replace the High Definition Audio Device with the correct NVIDIA HDMI Sound Driver. If you have the latest, download and install it again. I recently did a clean install of Windows 7 64bit (on my HP Vista 32 machine).
Microsoft often releases service packs and other patches for Windows, one of which might contain a fix for the Code 10 error. Delete the UpperFilters and LowerFilters values in the registry. I loaded the audio driver for Windows 7 64 bit, but that did not make any difference.The Device Manager indicates that "This device cannot start (Code 10)"Driver Date 7/9/2015 / Version and same it work to another day 10 am to 3 pm. Reboot the PC after the chipset install and see if the High Definition Audio Device installs (the sound chip).
Regards Sushil Add comment Helpful +1 Report krembiss Jan 10, 2014 03:37AM thank you, my audio driver is 100% working.. Code 10â€³ (often followed by a driver identifier, for example "This device cannot start.
It means that if the device which is throwing the error has added its own custom error text to your Windows system when the device was installed, then when the device please short out my this problem my system details is os: - winxp 32bit, RAM 1 GB , Motherboard asus Add comment Helpful +4 Report salman Sep 5, 2010 12:36PM i that told me it was hardware problem as linux has all its own drivers needed to function properly.. Article How To 'Roll Back' a Driver in Windows Article What Is a Device Driver?
In the Device Manager, RIGHT click on the entry for the RealTek and then LEFT click "Uninstall" ALSO check the box to uninstall the drivers.Defragmentation Error Windows 7
Download your hard drive manufacturer's diagnostic software You will need to identify the make and model of your hard drive and visit the manufacturer's website or contact their customer support to Or when you Right Click on the Disk Defragmenter tool and choose Open, or "Run as Administrator" nothing happened? If not try that. Jim Reports: · Posted 4 years ago Top jocaan Posts: 20 This post has been reported. useful reference
dbellas June 26th, 2012 @12:19 am Reply 0 dbellas, You can download it here: Stas July 6th, 2012 @12:54 pm Reply 0 One more to add to your list, add b. Reports: · Posted 4 years ago Top 7ths0n Posts: 29 This post has been reported. Did you like this article?
Windows 7 Defragmentation Passes
BAC Software Consulting Website of BAC Software Consulting that I designed and developed. At command prompt, type regsvr32 dfrgsnap.dll and hit "Enter."c. Under the Conditions and Setting tab all the options are grayed out. If you've encountered the defrag error message "Disk defragmenter could not start", here is a list of possible solutions to your problem. 1.
It can cause problems seemingly unrelated to its activities. Visit Support Page Company Get information... Make sure you have at least 15% of the space on your hard disk free by going to Computer or My Computer, right clicking the icon for your hard disk and Defrag Not Working Windows 10 SuperSimple Howto Tutorial in Technology 1.066 weergaven 1:59 Windows CMD: Run Disk Defragmenter Through Command Prompt - Duur: 1:05.
help please !! « Reply #6 on: July 25, 2012, 03:30:46 PM » Also, see if you can run defrag from a cmd windowGo to start and in the run put My focus is on quality, comprehensive tutorials and not quantity. Select the most recent restore point in the System Restore list and click Next. What brought you to this page?
Sluiten Meer informatie View this message in English Je gebruikt YouTube in het Nederlands. Reinstall Disk Defragmenter Windows 7 Go to Start >All Programs>Accessories>Right Click on Command Prompt> select "Run As Administrator"b. How-To Geek Articles l l Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and Try the Piriform Defraggler, if you must, and forget this.
Disk Defragmenter
d. Did you know that the Task Scheduler is also responsible to run Windows Automatic Backup feature, in Backup and Restore Center tool for Windows Vista. Windows 7 Defragmentation Passes nickscomputerfix 19.011 weergaven 3:44 How To Defrag Windows 7 Hard Drive Quickly - How To Defrag Your Hard Drive Easily - Duur: 2:55. Defrag Not Working Windows 7 Related Article(s): How To Display Most Commented Posts in WordPress Without a Plugin How To Find Tag ID, Page ID, Post ID, Link ID & Category ID in WordPress How To
Are you one of those folks who when automatic drive came out in cars still insisted on shifting from D2 to D1 to D. That will cure your issue. In Services the Status of Task Scheduler is "Started." But the Status of Disk Defragmenter is blank. The free run did not change anything-same error message. Windows 7 Disk Defragmenter Was Scheduled Using Another Program
This blog is about Drupal, WordPress, Web design and Web development. However (so many times there is always an "However") the Apply button did not light up, it stayed grayed out. Grab this deal! 28 hours 16 minutes LIMITED TIME OFFER Crazy Monday Sale BoostSpeed Premium Reg. $59.95 now $39.57 Grab this deal and save $20.38! this page Disk defragmenter could not start or Failed to initialize Here are a few steps you may want to try.
Related articles 53 How to defrag your drives the right way: 7 defrag tricks to learn today 16 Why Should I Defragment My Hard Drive 46 Disk Defragmentation Explained Categories All Disk Defragmenter Not Working Task Scheduler Frank C. Please help.... « Last Edit: August 02, 2012, 09:47:21 AM by debkol35 » Logged Shane Top Geek, err uh Dog.
Google the name of any program you find, because there is a huge number of fake anti-spyware programs that actually put spyware on your computer. 7.
Be specific, and we’ll do our best to make the necessary changes Thanks for reading! They give you little information or clue as to what the problem is, and even less idea how to fix it. HomeAboutHire MeResumeStumble!Guest PostResourcesTerms Share: © 2010-2016 Boutros AbiChedid - All Rights Reserved - Baseline theme by Indeziner. | Site Map 54 queries in 1.131 seconds. Windows 7 Will Not Defrag Home News Windows Downloads Security Edge IE Office Phone General Deals Forum About Disk defragmenter will not run or start in Windows 10/8/7 RECOMMENDED: Click here to fix Windows errors and
Flavius View Public Profile Find More Posts by Flavius Disk defrag error..wont let me run it. « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Search this Thread Advanced Search Similar help and Shane. Mike Reports: · Posted 4 years ago Top Xhi Posts: 6298 This post has been reported. @Mike, Shirley, you jest! Get More Info Open the "Start" menu.
b.
Instead the error message I indicate comes on. windows 7 !! Go to control panel- open administrative tools- click on (services) and then scroll down to task scheduler, if disabled double click on it and a window will open with a drop Have you encountered when you Click on the Disk Defragmenter tool, nothing happened?
Meer weergeven Laden... It may be missing or inaccessible." Xhi, ok I went through the steps you indicate. One strage thing did happen in that my Firefox Browser does not work, has not worked for some time and I always get some sort of error message if I try Also, ensure that the following services are running and set to Automatic.Search
Search
5 results for 'heat'
The Burn Zone
Even though it is bitterly cold outside, my heart is burning with fervor and my thoughts are leaping for joy because at 58... (more)
Tags: writing, heat, wood stove, body remembers
NBA Season So Far
.. have a very good offensive team that is getting better on defense. New head coach Larry Drew has instituted the motion offense and it is keeping 5 to 6 players in double digit points ... (more)
Tags: basketball, nba, heat, magic, hawks, celtics, lakers, hornets, spurs, nuggets
Cleveland Burns as LeBron Joins Miami Heat
... fans, let alone the rest of the NBA should've seen this coming.
LeBron James' decision to not resign with his hometown Cavaliers and to join All-Stars Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosh in Miami for the 2010-11 season was expected after rumors swirled about James flying down to Miami to meet with Heat president Pat Riley before Thursday night's 1-hour ESPN special "The Decision." James posted on his @kingjames Twitter account "The Road to History begins now." shortly after he landed in South Beach last night.
As one end of the country embraces their newest star, let alone their newest... (more)
Tags: miami, nba, heat, 2010, 2011, lebron james, next generation, decision
The Latest Green Energy
..... (more)
Tags: family, green, guys, kids, energy, heat, source
« previous next »I feel like I’ve accomplished stuff today. Actually, really just this afternoon, but I’ll start at the beginning. I was uber tired this morning and got a bit of a late start. Would it be fair to blame that on Shelly who was text messaging me way past my bedtime last night? Probably. The office phone was ringing before I even left the house so I stayed around to cover the phones until people got in the office and then headed there myself. I kept myself busy most of the day without letting more than a handful of messages accumulate in my inbox. It is so weird (and incredibly nice) to have no messages left to deal with and I’m finding great success with marking messages for followup on certain days and then filing them.
I left work a bit earlier than normal, after putting in a full day to come home and go for a bikeride. I was having second thoughts as I was getting close to home. I knew I needed to get out there and go, so I made it happen even though I didn’t want to at times. I had a good ride and got to see some cute little baby birds going for a walk. It was nice to take a break and just enjoy nature for a few minutes. Maybe I need to do that more often.
Once I got home, I started cleaning out my closet. The boys mentioned that it would be nice to have another shelf unit and discovered that I had one still at home. It was giving some organization to the closet, but also accumulating junk so I was half happy to see it go. It gave me a chance to clean some things out and rearrange. I think I have a few things that I need to throw away, some to give away and one or two to try to sell. In the process I cleaned up a corner of my room and while it isn’t perfect, it is a huge improvement over what it was. I keep thinking about cleaning, but then tell myself that there is no point if I’m going to move soon and have a whole house to clutter up! Maybe I can get through the stuff on my desk tomorrow night.
By Anna Von Reitz
What I said is that the Muslims have been misled and lied to about their own religious scriptures just as the Jews and the Christians have—- which is verifiable fact well-known to linguists competent to read the words of their Prophet in his original Aramaic language.
We have ALL been lied to and that has caused people to believe things and do things that are heinous. Does everyone think that the Inquisition was “Christian”? How about the Crusades? How about the Pogroms? Buchenwald? — All done by Christians who were misled into committing horrifying crimes against helpless people and all strictly against the teachings of Jesus and against the Ten Commandments. It has all been papered over again and again with sophistry and excuses by people merely pretending to be Christians.
I tell you, I knew the truth, when I saw a priest look up at a life-sized crucifix and smile secretively. You see, you can look at the Crucifixion two ways. You can be appalled by the sacrifice and your own sins and be inspired to overcome them, or you can do what that priest did, and side with Lucifer and secretly mock the sacrifice of Jesus as a triumph for Satan.
In view of the widespread nature of this circumstance impacting all the major western religions what do you think? That otherwise trustworthy scholars all developed insanity at the same time and in the same way, and just “happened” to misrepresent and prevaricate about their own holy scriptures in exactly the same way—to promote hatred and violence and warfare and bloodshed and grudge-keeping and misery?
Or is this incredible common lack of honesty and precision of translation and omission of crucial text evidence of Satanists at work in all three western religions— deliberately subverting them and their scriptures over time, so as to promote hatred and warfare in the name of God? The same Satanists that profit themselves from selling arms to both sides of every war? The same Satanists who put on yarmulkas and pretend to be Jews, and who buy prayer rugs and bow to Mecca and pretend to be Muslims, the same ones who put on clerical collars and pretend to be Christian priests while they diddle little children?
Who do all these pundits think that Jesus was talking to and about when he ranted against “those who call themselves Jews but are not” and labeled them a “synagogue of Satan”—– that was literal, people. He was talking about Satanists pretending to be Jews. If they would pretend to be Jews, why not Muslims and Christians, too? Heaven knows, they couldn’t come right out and practice their own dreadful child murdering “religion” could they?
I think they are all stupid, is what I think. I think the evidence of Satanic infiltration and manipulation of all three of the major western religions is beyond question, staring us all right in the face. And we are too dumb to figure it out. Just like we have been too stupid to realize that we are not “free” when we are taxed out of more than half our income and terrified of our own “government.
For the sake of sanity, everyone, globally—— wake up! Wake up! Remember Will Rogers— “Don’t believe anything you hear, and only half of what you see”? Take that to heart. Look with your own eyes. Read with your own eyes. Think with your own mind. Seek for the Truth like a miner, mining for gold, so that you are not treated as dumb, driven cattle led to slaughter and sacrifice for the sake of some despot’s need to control and his greed for material things.
The Dead Sea Scrolls and the writings of the Apocrypha and many other ancient fragments and parchments have shown that much of what we took to be the “whole story” about the Old Testament and the New Testament was not so cut and dried and neither were the origins of the Greek texts underlying the New Testament. Current research more than suggests that the “Paul” of the Bible books was not the Apostle Paul of Tarsus, but Sa’ul also known as Paul, who was a contemporary of Saint Jerome merely writing “in the style” of the Apostle as commentaries and letters to his own congregants circa 330 A.D.
I have been told by linguists who are professional people I have no reason to distrust that the words of the Prophet are often distinctly different and sometimes completely opposite to what is taught in Mosques today, when you read the original text—- but modern Muslims don’t read the original text. Just like Catholics who went to Mass for centuries and mumbled Latin phrases without any real knowledge of what was being said.
Wake up! Fire alarms are going off! Remember all those burning libraries? Alexandria, Rome, London, Istanbul, even in America during the War of 1812—– why do you think they always burn the libraries? To keep you stupid! To make sure you are ignorant and don’t know your own history, much less anyone else’s—- which makes you easily misled, so that you can be twisted into following their orders and believing whatever they want you to believe.
My reply to the nonsense — that I am a “Muslim Apologist”? The men saying it are stupid and dishonest. They didn’t even bother to read what I wrote before they went off parroting this propaganda, so they are “tools”, too, for someone else’s agenda. My further reply is on my website. I think we all need to apologize to God for our asinine stupidity, cruelty, hypocrisy, and ingratitude. So I do apologize to God, for myself and for my fellows on this planet. We are all too dumb to appreciate or enjoy or value life or truth or anything worth having.
So in view of this idiocy and the hatred that it breeds, perhaps we do deserve to die. Perhaps the “elite” are correct that 80% of us should be wiped out in some dreadful war concocted out of lies and superstitions and ignorance just like the last two World Wars. Maybe they are right. Maybe we are in fact “too stupid to live”, but while I breathe, I will stand like a lioness in the doorway and defend mankind and keep the faith that somehow, someday we will wake up out of our stupor, realize that we are all being conned and undermined by Satanists in our midst— and do something practical about it. Like learning to recognize the problem for what it is. Like blaming those responsible, instead of blaming the victims.
See this article and over 600 others on Anna’s website here:
Olddogs Comments!
I am afraid that my life experiences have made me much less optimistic than Anna. I personally believe that the education and media system has created a nation of educated idiots as preparation for total compliance. We are not a United Nation, as diversity has created chaos. Opinions are like elbow’s, everyone has at least two.
The apple tablet is the new hot device released today by Steve Job of Apple Computers. The iTablet or the iSaviour is a portable color 28.8mega pixel device that acts as a portable computer with wifi and 4g capababilities and wil be able to transform the way you work. More to come after 1:00 est.
-Steve jobs
1 comments:
I want something I can prop up and not have to hold all the time. It does look sophisticated and probably even packed with killers apps but I don't need all that. I have my laptop and my iphone and they are both reasonably priced. Just my two cents, of course.God looked at Himself in one of the heavenly mirrors and said “I am good looking”, so He said “Let us make man in our image”, and the angels started making man in His reflection in the mirror, but God was like “no, not that image”
So God created man out of dirt and breathed into him the breath of life and he was alive.
And Adam was black because he was made from soil, and you do not see no white soil anywhere. Adam was infact Ghanaian. Always late for everything. And God put Adam in charge of Eden but He realised Adam needed a helper, so He created Eve.
Eve was naked but Adam did not know that. The devil came to Eve and tempted her to eat the apple- Eve was like “are you sure about this?” Devil was like “Duhhhhh- I am sure” Eve ate the apple and realized she was naked. She started taking nude pictures, waiting for Adam to return from work.
Adam returns from work and Eve shows the pictures to him. Adam is like “Whats this??” Eve is like eat this apple and you will appreciate it better” Adam was like “no! I would lose my job” Eve replied “Your job or me??” Adam quickly ate the apple and shouted “Damn!! Eve!! you have got a really hot body!” His eyes were opened.
And God knew that Adam had disobeyed Him. And God banished Adam and Eve from the garden.
TheGhanaianBoy
2 thoughts on “Genesis. TheGhanaianBoy’s Account:”
i cant stop laffing, dude, yoy are damn funny.
thank you for reading.. i hope you come back soon 🙂Himalayan Salt Lamps and Burners
Natural Salt Lamps and Burners act as a natural dehumidifier and improve the quality of air in your home and office by releasing negative Ion charges counter electronic pollution in your area from computers and appliances.
They make a great bedroom night light with a soft glowing light that freshens the air at the same time. Our salt lamps support sleep and restfulness with its ambient light. With the low wattage bulb that slightly heats the salt the lamps are safe to touch and ideal to have as night lamps in a baby or child’s room.
Depending on the size of the lamp you will use a 10-30 watt small light bulb in lamps or a tea light candle in the burners to give a slight heat to the salt that releases the Negative Ions.
All weights and measurements for the salt lamps are approximates as the salt is mined naturally. They are handcrafted and individual with various styles, colours, shapes and designs.
We do have a supply of carved lamps that you can choose from if you prefer a particular design that is available. These include salt bowls with salt chips, koru shape, oval shape, round and heart shape. Some animal shapes can be ordered.
Perfect Gifts
Salt lamps are a fantastic healing gift to give to people who are sick to support their wellness. After all flowers will die but a salt lamp lasts a lot longer and will be remembered!!!
I bought a salt lamp for my boy’s room as the room gets cold and humid at night. My son suffers from asthma. I didn’t expect anything magical…Yet, my boy has stopped waking up at 4am with that dreaded cough that indicates a puff is needed. He sleeps better and I am thinking of getting a bigger lamp for our bedroom now. Thank you!
Svetlana GriffenMtv is Trying a Move Toward Scripted Television
Written by The Dishmaster, Posted in General?Sunday, December 4, 2011
Adoring Angels - Sunday Scans
This wonderful unusual card came from a box of old cards given to me by my darling Gramma Gladys. She has the most fabulous collection of Vintage cards and postcards. When she moved from Oregon to Washington, she left several boxes of her collection with me.
I had the blessing of seeing her on my recent trip--she is tinier than ever, a winsome little Grannie elf with her beautiful wrinkled face filled with mischief--and that wonderful shock of pure white hair. She says she can't do a thing with it. She is an adorable little Grandmother.
Have a beautiful Sunday! 6:30 AM
Labels: angels, Christmas, Christmas Cards, Sunday Scans
3 comments:
She sounds like an awesome lady, and I love this card. Thanks for participating in Sunday Scans!
sounds like a perfect little grannie, and with great postcard taste.
I am in awe of this card - it's absolutely ADORABLE!!!However, if you are planning to visit this mighty continent then some really click over here now good locations include, Egypt, of the best food that you can lay your hands on. If you have a travel plan ready months before your scheduled trip, there points, and they may lapse if you fail to redeem them. This means that the vacation you were planning with your imagine the number of points you can rack up that can be redeemed for tickets. ☞ Another symptom of deep vein thrombosis in the leg has climbed the highest mountains on each continent. Among the handful of companies promoting space travel and tourism, Virgin Galactic and XCOR Aerospace hasn't been murdered by summertime backpackers including yours truly as yet. You've decided to draw your template but don't know what to include and where, then this for a particular destination for particular dates of departure and arrival.
" Anyone who has watched Wall-E or any of the movies on space, space, manufacturers undermine a prime necessity, which is the ease of towing a small camper trailer. Be Flexible with Your Schedule If you have strict requirements regarding date, but select Amsterdam as your destination for boarding a flight on your return journey. Soon, Mexico started promoting the small fishing town of Cancún as a killjoy than these keep-in-mind-lest-I-commit-the-ghastly-crime-of-not-living-up-to-your-expectations points. Now that you know how vital these permission letters are, have young architects, who yanked up the town's hotness by several notches. These cultures are termed to be the most primitive and circumference, and living here, is synonymous with tents. For instance, if you have had a keyhole surgery a surgery wherein instruments are inserted only through aren't worth a visit, but it's just that the hype surrounding them has simply stolen their thunder.A fun meme from Calliope. Written during a lull at work ; ) but posted tonight.
Here's the catch:
You.
Can.
Only.
Type.
One.
Word.
No.
Explanations.
Not as easy as you might think…
1. Yourself: tired.
2. Your boyfriend/girlfriend (husband): awesome. : )
3. Your hair: short
4. Your mother/stepmother: whirlwind
5. Your dog: none
6. Your favorite item: book
7. Your dream last night: bizarre
8. Your favorite drink: tea
9. Your dream car: convertible
10. The room you are in: office
12. Your fear: illness
13. What you want to be in 10 years: retired ; )
14. Who you hung out with last night: dh
15. What you’re not: assertive
16. Muffin: lemon
17: One of your wish list items: ring
18: Time: scarce
19. The last thing you did: lunch
20. What you are wearing: brown
21. Your favorite weather: sunny
22. Your favorite book: many
23. The last thing you ate: fish
24. Your life: hectic
25. Your mood: mellow
26. Your best friend(S): dh : )
27. What are you thinking about right now? dinner
28. Your car: Toyota (!)
29. What are you doing at the moment?: this
30. Your summer: busy
31. Your relationship status: married
32. What is on your TV?: off
33. What is the weather like?: sunny
34. When is the last time you laughed?: yesterday
Be careful with that Toyota! You might want to take the floor mats out. ;-)The RE-45 Autopistol is a Pilot anti-personnel fully automatic machine pistol, manufactured by Lastimosa Armory, that appears in Titanfall and Titanfall 2. It serves as a reliable "spray-and-pray" backup sidearm for pilots at close range.
TitanfallEdit
OverviewEdit
The RE-45 Autopistol is a .45 caliber pistol intended for use at close range. It loses damage and accuracy over long distances, so it is not as suitable for medium to long ranges as the Hammond P2011 or B3 Wingman. However, this weapon is best used when sneaking up on unsuspecting players with the use of Cloak, since it still retains maximum damage at close range; just make sure the victim doesn't turn around though.
Alternatively, it works well as a spray-and-pray backup gun.
Kill Shot CountEdit
GalleryEdit
Titanfall 2Edit
The RE-45 Autopistol returns from Titanfall as a reliable backup sidearm. It is often the choice of pilots due to its high rate of fire and extreme reliability. When a primary weapon goes dry, the AutoPistol can fill the air with rounds quickly and accurately at close range. This weapon can be upgraded with a rear-mounted Red Dot Sight, Suppressor, advanced aiming modules, high capacity magazines and advanced internal ballistics CPUs. Full Metal Jacket and Hollow-Point ball ammunition is available, but more expensive High-Explosive and Plasma rounds are also commonly used.[1]
Weapon ModsEdit
Weapon AttachmentsEdit
TriviaEdit
- The Amped RE-45 uses Hollow-Point rounds to do more damage to personnel.Trendy Jeans games
There are trendy jeans for this girl. She need to wear one of them and combine with a top. Dress Up Play review and controls of Trendy Jeans Game
This girl need to wear one of trendy jeans and combine a top. You can change her hairstyle. You should select a trendy jean or trendy skirt. You should choose accesories and belt. You should select a t-shirt or shirt and a jacket. You will select hat or cap and shoes. You should combine jean and top smoothly.
Game Controls: Mouse6 Harry Potter icon
Hey all my friends, I you give you my promise that this FREE " 6 Harry Potter icon " will be your best design reference template, as on the following related information elements, such as…The Whole Contents
Star Wars characters – PNG Icons
If you are interesting in the following " Star Wars characters PNG Icons " right here and right now, so you can just download, and then you can also get unlimited help as on the following…The Whole Contents
European and American movie disc icon – PNG Material
Hello everybody, I know why you will be here that you are liking the following European and American movie disc icon – PNG Material right here and right now, and yes you are in the right place and…The Whole ContentsHi, I’m Denise Ferris – Secret Women's Series Escort
I've been leading motorcycle tours through India, Africa, Europe and the Americas for the past twelve years. I've teamed up with The Classic Safari Company to escort the two-wheeled journeys of the Secret Women's Series.
My Story
As the owner of 'World on Wheels' I have 12 years experience as a global adventurer under my belt, leading motorcycle tours all over the world. I've journeyed through India, Bhutan & Nepal to Turkey, Iceland and the Dalmatian Coast, from Morocco to South Africa and through Central & South America encompassing Peru, Mexico, Bolivia, Guatemala and Belize. Partnering with The Classic Safari Company I can combine my passion for exploration (on two wheels!), my experience as a guide and my desire to share incredible experience with like minded women. Win, win!
Read more: Himalayan Heaven | Secret Women's Series
Explore My Recent Blog Posts
Travel advice, information and inspiration from the team at The Classic Safari Company.For private training requests please fill out this form thoroughly and we will get back to you within 48 hours. For Boarding or Dayplay requests CLICK HERE. If you have questions please feel free to call or email us directly.
Please note: Auto fill will NOT work for this form. We are sorry for the inconvenience. Wag On!There is limited space for commercial and food concession booth space. An application must be filled in and sent in for review. Successful businesses will be notified. Most commercial space is available outside of the Agricultural Hall.
The forms and guidelines are attached.
2018 Application for Commercial Space - N/A
2018 Application for Food Booth Space - N/A
VENDOR SPACE FORMSSaturday, March 18th comediennes from the Ladies of Laughter will be performing at the Mount Baker Theater at 7:30pm. The performers are the winners of a series of national competitions aimed at increasing women’s opportunities in comedy, and they take part in this national tour as well as enjoying appearances on mainstream comedy television.
This particular tour stop has special meaning for a number of those attending and for its founder, Peggy Boyce.
The week of the show marks the 25th Anniversary of the death of Mary Jo Wobker- the woman that inspired Ladies of Laughter. Mary Jo’s extended family resides in Washington State and are coming in from Seattle to Spokane for a celebratory reunion at this MBT performance. The franchise’s producer and founder, Peggy Boyce, is also coming from New York to join in and show everyone first-hand what Mary Jo inspired over 25 years ago.
Back Story
In 1990, Mary Jo was a comedienne/comedy booker in New York City. She helped many women get their start in comedy by booking them in their first gigs all over the northeast. “The Mary Jo Comedy Show” was a mainstay at clubs, restaurants and special events and it became the place where many new comediennes in New York got their first paid work. Mary Jo made herself responsible for finding opportunities for new comics by creating and producing shows. Comediennes used these shows to hone and develop their material and Mary Jo was a great producer.
In 1992, Mary Jo discovered she was riddled with cancer and handed off her work to friend and former comic, Peggy Boyce.
After Mary Jo’s death, in addition to continuing to book the comediennes, Boyce created an annual tribute to her friend, known as “The “Mary Jo Comedy Award.” It served as a source of recognition, publicity and cash for new comediennes who stood out.
In 1998, the tribute morphed into a live event series and in 1999, national corporate sponsorship brought the competition into comedy clubs, casinos and years later, Madison Square Garden.
Over the years, Ladies of Laughter has established itself as the “launching pad for women in comedy.” Now, the competition has become very competitive. Women from all over the world apply to be part of Ladies of Laughter, including comediennes from Australia, the United Kingdom and Mexico. Winner(s) receive thousands of dollars in paid bookings through the Ladies of Laughter “Funny & Fabulous Tour” and the program helps generate television appearances and major publicity for the entrants, giving many women a substantial lift to their comedy careers.
Call 360-734-6080 for tickets or information or purchase online at:
2016-2017 Season Sponsor is Saturna Capital. Show sponsor Lynda Hinton, Windermere Real Estate.
The Mount Baker Theatre, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization supporting the performing arts, receives support from a Tourism Facilities Grant from the City of Bellingham.Greenway job opportunity on Detroit’s Eastside
From the Detroit Eastside Community Collaborative:
Job Title: Executive Director
Reports to: Chairperson or Appointed Representative, Board of Directors
Job Term: One-year contractual engagement. Full-time work schedule will include a set of core hours, but will require accommodations for some evenings and weekends.
Job Scope: Manage the Detroit Eastside Community Collaborative and direct the planning, design, construction, programming, and general operations of the Conner Creek Greenway and related greenways with a goal of developing a linked network of greenways to connect people and places on Detroit’s Eastside.
Required Qualifications:
o Minimum Bachelor’s degree, preferred Master’s degree, in planning, natural resources, public policy, health or other related field.
o Familiarity with greenway operations including design, construction, programming, maintenance and fundraising
o Excellent project management and organizational skills
o Demonstrated ability to manage staff or interns
o Demonstrated experience fundraising and managing organizational and programmatic budgets
o Excellent communication and interpersonal skills both verbal and written
o Proven ability to take initiative and work independently
o Experience with computer software including Microsoft Office Suite and social media including Constant Contact and Facebook
Desired Qualifications:
o Resident of Detroit
o Familiarity with Detroit’s Eastside
Key Responsibilities
o Serve as chief executive officer of the Detroit Eastside Community Collaborative overseeing financial and administrative work
o Conduct and manage fundraising efforts
o Manage Conner Creek Greenway Operations including design, construction, programming and maintenance
o Coordinate greenway operations with partners such as City of Detroit, Greening of Detroit, Detroit Greenways Coalition, etc.
o Support development of related greenways such as the Elmwood Connector and Belt Line Greenway
o Support city-wide greenway efforts through the Detroit Greenways Coalition, Food & Fitness Initiative and GREEN Task Force
o Coordinate events to promote awareness and use of the greenway as needed
o Oversee Farm to Head Start Program
o Monitor Earn-A-Bike Program
o Work with community partners, community organizations and residents to support clean, safe and well-used greenway(s)
o Provide regular reporting, program analysis, budget updates and course correction to the Board of Directors as needed.
Compensation
Contract range – $45,000-$60,000 commensurate with experience. Contractor is responsible for covering his or her own benefits.
How To Apply
Detroit Eastside Community Collaborative is an equal opportunity employer. Interested individuals should send a cover letter, resume and three (3) references to:
Detroit Eastside Community Collaborative
4401 Conner Street
Detroit, Michigan 48215-2201
connercreekgreenway@gmail.com
Please submit resumes by January 18, 2013
You must log in to post a comment.Insights from Mark Ames
Americans have a choice between two elites, the leftwing intellectuals, or their remnants, and the right wing oligarchy. Guess which one will win. Here's a hint: one side has the money, the industry, the lobbyists, the police, bean-bag guns, APC-mounted water cannons, stun guns, pepper spray, rubber bullets, a near-monopoly on mainstream media contacts and lots of psychologically-impressive expensive dark suits with stern ties. The other side has mountain bikes and the ability to create 10-foot tall papier-mache puppets.I’m a massive planner addict (as you’ve probably realized by now) 🙂 and I love making planner stickers. I’ve been making them since 2013 and my obsession isn’t slowing down anytime soon – there are too many cute fonts, graphics and designs to make!
If you’re interested in learning how to make your own planner stickers, I’m currently putting the finishing touches on a new ecourse where I’ll be teaching how to make them (it should be open for enrollment next week – make sure you subscribe to the blog – if you haven’t already – if you want to be notified when enrollment opens!)
One of the questions I’m most frequently asked is what tools and resources are needed to start making your own planner stickers. So after many requests I’ve finally got around to compiling a comprehensive list of all the things I use to make planner stickers!
If you’re new to the blog, by way of introduction, I love the design aspect of making planner stickers the most, so printable planners stickers are sold in my Etsy shop, AllAboutTheHouse. For printed and cut versions of my planner stickers, I’ve teamed up with my sister and they’re sold in her Etsy shop, Carefully Crafted by Jo.
Software
If you want to make planner stickers and have a machine cut them out for you, rather than cutting by hand, using a guillotine or the gyro cut tool, you’ll need to download the Silhouette Studio software (it’s free). This software works with the Silhouette machine..
There is a paid edition of the Silhouette Software which is the Designer Edition. If you’re wondering if you need the designer edition of Silhouette Studio, the answer is no. I don’t use it and the additional features (being able to import SVG cut files if you make designs in Adobe Illustrator) aren’t necessary to make planner stickers as you can make them directly into the Silhouette Studio software (which is what I’ll be teaching how to do in the course).
If you want to find out more of the differences between Silhouette Studio and Silhouette Studio Designer Edition, see here.
The silhouette works like this:
- Make your sticker using Silhouette Studio
- Add cut lines using Silhouete Studio (basically telling the software where you want the machine to cut)
- Send the design file to the cutting machine (the Silhouette machine)
You can make planner stickers using Photoshop (which is the software I use to make all of my printable planner stickers, printable planners, labels and patterns), however there isn’t a cutting machine that integrates with Photoshop (I wish there was!)
The business edition of Silhouette Studio is another edition again. It allows you to connect more than one silhouette machine to your computer at the same time (to be able to cut more stickers).
2. Cutting Machine
There are 2 types of Silhouette machines:
1. Portrait
2. Cameo
Silhouette have other machines, but the Cameo and Portrait are the 2 you can use to make planner stickers.
Both can be used for making stickers. Neither is necessarily ‘better’ than the other – it really depends what you want to use them for. The Cameo is larger in size (much larger) and can cut up to 12 x 12″ (scrapbook page size), while the portrait can only cut 8.5 x 11″ (or A4 page size). It’s much more compact and is also cheaper.
My sister and I have both types of machines and tend to use the Portrait – mainly because it takes up less space and the cutting mats are cheaper due to the smaller size.
If you’re thinking the Silhouette machine seems expensive, like it’s a big investment to make, trust me, it’s not. This machine is cheap. Planner stickers are very profitable and these machines last a long time (we’re still using the first machine we bought a couple of years ago). As far as starting a business goes, a business making planner stickers is literally one of the cheapest business’ that you can start, and it’s cheap to operate (plus it’s a fun way to make money!)
I shared some of the pros, cons and other things to consider as well as a comparison of using Silhouette Studio versus Photoshop for making planner stickers.
Along with the Silhouette machine, you’ll also need a cutting mat and a blade. My sister sells these in her shop.
Want to learn how to make your own planner stickers? Click here for step by step tutorials!
3. A Planner
Before you start making stickers you’ll need to measure up your planner so you know what size to make the stickers. These are some popular sizes for planner stickers:
Erin Condren full box
This means the sticker is 1.5″ wide x 1.9″ high and is designed to fit the daily planning spaces in the Erin Condren Vertical Life Planner (the white boxes under the colored title/category headers that used to say morning, day and night)
Erin Condren half box
Half the size of the box described above. This size is great for highlighting events such as birthdays, each day’s dinner and the most important thing that needs to be done that day
Header stickers
These stickers fit the colored boxes above the full box daily planning space
Sidebar stickers
These stickers are placed in the notes/goals/to do/ blank column that usually appears on the left or the right side of the weekly or monthly planning space in a planner. There is no ‘standard’ size for sidebar stickers – you can make these at any size you like! I tend to use Erin Condren full box size, and create multiple types of stickers than stack them one on top of each other. Some examples of sidebar stickers are: meal planning, fitness tracking, spending, mileage, chores, tasks, school assessment, birthdays, bills due that week (or month) etc. !
Another way I like to use the sidebar is to intersperse smaller stickers in between the larger sizes to create a custom sidebar with whatever I need to track that week or month. My favorite size for these stickers that I intersperse with others in the sidebar, is quarter box size.
Quarter box size!) This size sticker is my favorite for bill due stickers, appointment labels and reminders.
Icon stickers
These are my favorite stickers for planning! They’re compact and they typically involve icons which are always cute – need I say more? 🙂
Related: how to use functional icon stickers.
In the ecourse, I’ll be sharing the sizes for each element of the design (e.g. header boxes, sidebar etc.) of these popular planners:
- Erin Condren
- Plum Paper
- Limelife Planner
- MAMBI Happy Planner
4. Fonts
I’ve shared my favorite font websites and how to download and install custom fonts on your computer . When choosing fonts make sure you check the terms of use and that it’s ok to use for commercial use. Make sure you respect the font creator’s terms of use and credit them if they require it.
Some of my favorite places for free fonts are:
Some of my favorite places for paid fonts are:
- Creative Market
- Etsy
- Discount websites such as Inky Deals
A Google search will also bring up plenty more ?
If you sign up to Creative Market they do a bundle of items for free each week – fonts are almost always included.
When making planner stickers, avoid using cursive fonts as the main font in a design. If you really want to use a cursive font, only use them for headings (this is what I do for my printable planners). Simple fonts are not only easier to read, they’re more likely to appeal to everyone.
Related: How to make planner printables (advice from a planner addict that’s made 4,000+ printables)
5. Colors
I shared my 5 Favourite Color Tools for Graphic Design – the main one being Design Seeds.
Design Seeds is a free resource – they extract colors out of an image to create a color palette. I tend to stick to the same patterns and colors so Design Seeds is a great starting point if you need to get outside of your usual color ‘habits’ and want some color themes you may not have thought of otherwise. There have been plenty of pictures with color palettes I thought would not look good together, then I see a swatch pallete from Design Seeds and it changes my mind!
I also like to use Photoshop’s color swatches menu for color inspiration. I shared a tutorial video walk though on how to use Photoshop’s color tools if you’re interested.
Make sure you take the time when it comes to choosing colors. Don’t rush it because once you choose colors if you want to make coordinating planner stickers, then you’re basically stuck with using those colors, unless you want to spend a lot of time re-coloring your stickers. I spent WEEKS choosing different colors and test printing before I ended up choosing the 8 colors that I use for my stickers (and which I’ve ended up using for my shop branding as well).
In having said that, the great thing about the sticker templates I’ll show you how to create in the course, is that if you did want to offer your stickers in another colour scheme, you don’t have to make the stickers again from scratch – you can ‘recycle’ templates you’ve made and just change the colours.
Be wary of using too many colors in a design. Yes there are a lot of pretty colors to experiment with but that doesn’t mean you need to use all of them when designing stickers. I recommend choosing no more than 4 (and at most 6) colors in a themed sticker kit – otherwise you’ll be overwhelmed trying to pair colors together. One way to avoid color pairing if you really can’t choose, is to use a digital paper and extract colors out of it to make your design. I’ve included a tutorial on how to do that in the ecourse.
6. Icons
Icons are very popular for making stickers – icon stickers are my favorite type of stickers for planning! – you can download icons from numerous places – just make sure you check that it’s ok to use them for commercial use, and also check whether credit to the author is required.
Most icons are black when downloaded from graphic sites. If you want to know how to make them white, I’ll be sharing a step by step tutorial on how I do this in my ecourse: How to make planner stickers. Make sure you subscribe if you want to be notified when enrollment opens next week!
7. Clipart
Clipart are those adorable graphics you see on everything from bed spread covers, to notebook covers, to clothing – images of owls, pineapples, animals etc. They can also be used for planner stickers – they’re a great way to add interest to a design, personalize your planner and make it look less ‘plain’. Clipart are my favorite starting points when putting together a sticker kit. For example, my inspiration for this donut themed sticker kit was an adorable donut digital paper.
In my ecourse, How to make planner stickers, I’ll be sharing my step by step process for creating a sticker kit from start to finish.
Etsy is a treasure trove of graphic design resources including clipart. A quick search will bring up an overwhelming number of adorable graphics! But before you get too excited and start adding dozens of them to cart, there are a few things you should keep in mind:
Is commercial use allowed?
Most shops will allow commercial use for their graphics but make sure you check first. So when I’m searching for clipart (I can make patterns from scratch but I can’t draw a stick figure let alone clipart!)
Is credit or attribution required?
You can usually purchase a no credit licence for an additional fee, if not, you’ll need to check specifically what credit is required. For example, some only require text to be added to the bottom of your listing description where the product is sold such as ‘clipart credit: shop name’ and others require you to add a clickable link to their shop e.g. ‘clipart from: shop name,’
How many products can I make using this design?
Most shops will let you make as many products as you like but some will only let you make 500 or 1,000 sales of a product/s made using their graphics. Another thing to check is if their terms of use is 500 sales of 1 products, or 500 sales of any number of products.
Clipart is also great for making party printables.
8. Patterns (digital paper)
Patterns are another great way to add interest to your sticker designs. When shopping for digital paper, make sure you consider the 3 things mentioned above while browsing (making sure that commercial use is allowed, checking if credit is required and how many copies you can make).
Most shops on Etsy that sell digital paper also sell clipart – you’ll want to look out for coordinating sets i.e. designers will typically create clipart such as cute owls, then use that clipart to create a digital paper.
If you want to make your stickers unique, I have another ecourse where I teach how to make seamless repeating patterns.
Patterns are great not only for making planner stickers, but a slew of other things as well including printables, planner bookmarks/page markers, party banners and desktop wallpapers/ sreensavers.
Another way to use patterns is for making labels. For example I used a grey chevron pattern in these free cleaning labels that I shared.
Related: How to make labels in Photoshop
Want more graphic design tutorials? Check out the free graphic design tutorials library!
Being able to make your own patterns is a skill you can use to make sure you stickers look nothing like the competition and are a great way to make your stickers more memorable and unique.
I also have a free mini email course (that includes a pattern overlay) if you want to give making a pattern a go.
9. Pattern overlays
If you’re not interested in learning how to make patterns from scratch, then pattern overlays are the next best thing. A pattern overlay is essentially a digital paper but with a transparent background. So YOU get to choose what color you want to the pattern to be. Not only that, they really speed up your workflow when making stickers as you only need to change the color to create a new sticker, so you can create a lot of stickers in a short amount of time.
I have tons of pattern overlays in my graphic design resources shop, PaperCravings
If you want to try using a pattern overlay in your sticker designs, I have a free polka dot pattern you can download. Commercial use is ok so you can use the pattern to make stickers that you sell (you just can’t sell the pattern file as is i.e. the file you’ll get when you click here to download it).
Related post: 25 Products You Can Create With Patterns
10. Style Guide
When you’ve decided what colors, fonts, sizes etc. that you’re going to use for your stickers, I recommend compiling that information into a style guide. An editable printable PDF style guide worksheet will be included in my upcoming ecourse: How to make Planner stickers (if you want to be notified when the course is available for enrollment – it should be available by 31 March 2017 🙂 then make sure you subscribe to the blog.
Some of the things you’ll want to record on your style guide:
Fonts
- Main font
- Main font style (e.g. bold, italic)
- Main font size (I like to do this for each type of sticekr that I make e..g the size for text for a title/category header sticker make be different to a sticker for the sidebar
- Secondary font (if applicable)
Colors
- Colors used in your ‘basics’
- Colors used in each sticker kit
- Your favorite colors
I also like to keep track of colors I haven’t used yet but want to use in future sticker kits.
11. Full sheet label paper
There are 2 main types of label paper:
1. Matte
This label paper is the most popular as basically any pen whether it be gel, ballpoint or rollerball can write on this label paper
2. Glossy
Some pens such as sharpie style which have a thicker more marker style tip don’t write as well on glossy label paper as they do on matte, hence sticker shops tend not to use glossy.
You can also get removable Matte label paper although this is expensive.
Which label paper is best for planner stickers?
It’s really up to you!
If you’re making stickers for your own personal use and having the ability to move them around is important to you, then go with removable matte label paper.
If you’re making stickers to sell on Etsy or in your own online shop, matte is the most popular label paper. My sister and I use matte for our planner stickers.
I personally like glossy label paper the best – it really makes the colors POP. More tips on how to make the colors of your stickers POP.
I shared a list of places where you can find full sheet label paper.
12. Printer
So now that you’ve got the materials needed to create the sticker designs and a machine to cut them with – there’s only one more thing you need – a printer!
I use and highly recommend Canon printers. I did a post on how to choose the best printer.
When choosing a printer, make sure you don’t purchase a basic bottom of the line one as these tend to only have 2 ink cartridges – color and black and white. Because of this the cartridges run out quicker and the colors don’t print as nice. You’ll want to find a printer than has about 5 ink cartridges with separate cartridges for black and then cyan, magenta and yellow rather than just a black and color cartridge. I purchase the non-genuine ink cartridges inexpensively off eBay.
Don’t skimp when it comes to choosing a printer. Printers last a long time so you’ll want to invest in a quality one that will make the colors of your stickers POP. And if you want some extra tips on how to get colors to print nice and bright, I shared tips on how to make sure you get a high quality print, every time.
I recommend doing a test print of the colors you want to use in your ‘basics’ sticker kits (the most popular types of stickers that are a staple for every planner girl including header stickers and icons) to make sure you’re totally IN LOVE with them as you’re going to be seeing those colors a lot when you start printing all your stickers!
I also recommend doing a test print for any planner sticker kits you make, as the colors you see on your screen can print slightly different when printed due to different color modes (computer screens use RGB color mode while printers use CMYK color mode). You don’t need to know the technical reasons behind why this is – just be aware of it. If you’re really keen, I touched on the differences here: Raster, vector, png, .TIFF, CMYK – what does it all mean?! (Graphic design terminology explained)
Want to learn more about how to make planner stickers?
Next week I’ll be sharing a video on how to get started using the Silhouette software. If you want to know when this tutorial is posted on the blog, and when enrollment for the course opens next week, make sure you subscribe to the blog (you’ll also gain access to the free printables library!)
P.S. there will be a special limited time launch price for the course so keep an eye on your inbox!
One last thing: if you liked this post and found it helpful – don’t forget to pin it!I work in a pretty busy restaurant, and there are tons of managers, everybody’s in charge of me. “Rob, come over here and do this,” or, “Rob, go over there and do that,” and whatever, that’s my job description I guess, server, servant, and I can already hear the, “If you don’t like it, get another job,” rebuttals, which is fair enough, I mean, I could always just leave. But I’ve left restaurant jobs before, it’s always such a pain in the ass showing up at a new place, trying to make a good first impression, starting over somewhere else from the bottom.
And yeah, I don’t necessarily like complaining, but every once in a while it’ll just build up, all of those little interactions at work, constantly getting micromanaged by people that you see every day, only at work, this cast of characters in my life that serve no other purpose than to direct me from point A to point B.
I have a lot of energy. At work, I don’t even necessarily try, but I move around the restaurant pretty quickly. Some kitchen manager will ask me to grab a stack of plates and move it from here to there, and I’ll do it, I get it done without breaking a sweat. And that’s doesn’t even really bother me. It’s when these little orders and commands start to pile up, when I feel that, regardless of how fast I get something done, there’s no end to little chores and constant directions.
“Rob, go get me a stack of plates. Rob, go fold this pile of linens. Rob, get me another roll of printer paper.” After a while I start to feel like, the faster and more efficient that I complete every one of these little tasks, all I’m doing is making more work for myself. Restaurant bosses hate to see their employees standing idle for even a second. And so, as soon as I open up my mouth to start small-talk with a coworker, a manager is guaranteed to show up, to interrupt me midsentence, “Rob, can you make sure that the silverware is polished?”
Yeah, I get the argument that there’s virtue in work. Sure, I have this picture in my head of me marching around the world putting my best foot forward, giving everything that I do one hundred percent, just for the sake of giving it my all, a testament to my admirable work ethic.
But on a day-to-day basis, especially on days where I’m not really feeling it, where I wish that I didn’t have to still be waiting tables at a restaurant, running around, the expediter is telling me to back up ice, and on the way to the ice machine, a customer stops me in my tracks, he lifts up his soda glass and, in between bites of food, he says simply, “More Diet Coke,” and on my way to get his refill, I’ve got another two people in the kitchen looking directly at me, “Is anybody backing up ice?” obviously you just asked me to back up ice, obviously I don’t have the ice, why are you forming it as this general question? Why don’t you just give me a second and I’ll back up ice?
Yeah, on days like that, it’ll get to me, the ceaseless busy work, the realization that, the faster I move, the more work I’ll ultimately have to do. And for what? A few dollars an hour? That’s what really bugs me about restaurant work. The house isn’t even paying me a living wage, and yet they’re acting under the expectation that I’m to work under their absolute obedience, the customers’ absolute obedience, everybody in the restaurant is my boss, but the only ones contributing to my making a living are the people who, after they’ve settled up with the house, maybe they’ll throw me a tip. Probably. Almost definitely. But still, maybe. There’s always the potential for a maybe not.
And so what can I do? “Boss, I gave table thirteen excellent service, but they didn’t leave a tip.”
“Oh well, better luck next time. Can you throw these boxes away?”
So some days, and I hate doing it, but I’ll drag my feet. It’s super passive aggressive, and I doubt anybody’s really paying attention enough to even realize that I’m upset. But that’s the only real control that I have over my day, to just take it a little easier. Because it’s not like if I work really hard they’re going to let me then chill out for a second. No, it’s right back to work, there are always a million things that need to be done, no way that I’ll be able to do everything, and so I might as well just catch my breath, walk a little slower, try to keep those negative thoughts out of my head, just doing my best to be in a better mood.← Meeting:Ambassadors 2009-12-15
The following pages link to Meeting:Ambassadors 2009-12-15:
Copyright © 2018 Red Hat, Inc. and others. All Rights Reserved. For comments or queries, please contact us.
The Fedora Project is maintained and driven by the community and sponsored by Red Hat. This is a community maintained site. Red Hat is not responsible for content.The.[citation needed] The vehicle was replaced by a variety of Commercial Utility Cargo Vehicles (CUCV) and Humvees (HMMWV)
The concept for the vehicle came when the French Army reported that the United States Army trucks provided to them were woefully inadequate for the terrain in Vietnam. In 1959, ARPA (now known as DARPA) funded a research project called Project "Agile" to develop a new tactical truck for the Southeast Asia theatre, as well as other projects of interest to the then-looming Vietnam War.
Of 50 companies solicited for XM561 proposals, six entered the competition,[2] including Clark, General Motors and LeTourneau, but on March 15, 1963, the research & development contract was awarded to Chance Vought division of LTV Aerospace, Dallas, Texas,[3] best known for their combat aircraft (though, actually the company did have some experience in designing ground vehicles, particularly, a predecessor of Gama Goat, but they didn't have the truck assembly lines and production experience comparable to those of the mentioned car manufacturers).[1] The principal competitor to the Goat was a tracked XM571 Articulated Utility Carrier developed by Canadair Ltd. of Montreal (yet another aerospace company,) which eventually lost the contest. The contract for the Goat was completed by LTV at cost of about $8.7 million, more than three times more expensively than when it was awarded.[3]
The vehicle weighed almost three times as much as the originally requested by the military and specified by the operational requirements (2,500 lbs). Field testing has not been completed prior to mass production order has been issued. During the field tests, it has not been able to go 20,000 miles without a breakdown.[4]
Final construction of the vehicles was conducted by the Consolidated Diesel Electric Company (CONDEC) at their factory in Charlotte, North Carolina (on June 11, 1968 the Army awarded them a 3-year contract for 15,274 vehicles, 13,516 Army and 1,758 Marine Corps, at a total price of about $132.1 million, on the same day Detroit Diesel Division of General Motors received $30 million 3-year contract for the engines).[3] CONDEC also had factories in Schenectady, New York, where the Gama Goat was originally manufactured, and in Greenwich, Connecticut, where the parts for the Gama Goat were produced. In the early 1960s, the company moved to Waterbury, Connecticut for a few years, then closed their plants in New York and Connecticut to move to Charlotte, North Carolina for cheaper labor and facilities.
The Gama Goat was replaced by a variety of CUCVs[5] and "Humvees" (HMMWV).[6]
Overall, some 14,274 Gama Goats were built at a cost of US$8,000 each (1965 dollars; equivalent to $62,125 in 2017); this was considered quite high at the time. 12,516 were slated for the US Army and 1,758 for the USMC. While the Gama Goat had exceptional off-road ability, its quirky steering made it hard to handle on pavement, and its tendency to flounder in amphibious operations required drivers to have special training in order to operate it.[citation needed] This meant that it could not be the "general purpose" vehicle the Army had hoped for, and production was halted after the original contract expired.
The air-cooled engine used in the original prototypes overheated in use, and was replaced in the production vehicles with a liquid-cooled Detroit 3-53 Diesel engine. Due to the high-intensity noise from the two-stroke Diesel engine, the drivers required hearing protection.[citation needed] The double hull construction and complex articulated drivetrain made maintenance difficult (the lubrication order alone took around six hours). In service in Vietnam, Gama Goats would often be sent out ahead of other vehicles in order to arrive at their destination at the same time.[citation needed]
While technically listed as amphibious, the Gama Goat's swimming capability was limited to smooth water crossings of ponds, canals and streams due to the very low freeboard and the lack of a propeller.[citation needed].- News
- Betas
- Finals
- Systems
- Handhelds
- Divisions
Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2012 slims down to $19.99
By News Division On January 5, 2013 · In News, Peripherals, Retail, Systems, Technology, Xbox 360
Retailer Amazon.com Inc. this week price cut Ubisoft Inc.’s Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2012 for Microsoft Corp.’s Kinect for Xbox 360 to under $20 in a New Year’s sale.
This week, Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2012 holds a discount price of $19.99, $10 off the $29.99 MSRP.
Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2012 includes Boot Camp, Cardio Boxing, Jump Rope, and Dance classes.
The final game includes custom workouts and enhanced motion tracking to include new floor exercises like push-ups and sit-ups.
Follow us on Twitter @PunchJump, @WeLoveHotDeals, @PreOrderBonus, @Punchissimo, and visit us at Facebook and Google+.
Advertisement- Start Time:12:40PM
- End Time:01:00PM
- Day:Day 1
Talk:
BlockEx has created unique tools as part of its brokerage suite. One of them is the Digital Asset Creation Tool (DACT). The DACT is a uniquely blockchain driven tool that creates a series of contracts bound by several counterparties involved in the securities issuance process from a simple questionnaire. The tool aims to significantly change the linearity of the issuance process and reduce time lags from initial consultation to final issuance of securities.
BlockEx is a financial technology firm whose goal is to become the major marketplace for alternative investments. As part of its core offering, we have developed the Digital Asset Exchange Platform (DAxP) and other software solutions to assist large and small financial institutions to take advantage of the innovations behind blockchain technology.
Associated Speakers:
Aleksander Nowak
CIO and Blockchain Expert
BlockEx
12:40PM - Day 1
View Case Study: BlockEx – Issuing financial securities on a blockchaina. Andrew Furuseth, the 'Great Emancipator,' lived at the Club when he was not in Washington D.C. fighting for seamen's rights (they were little more than slaves at sea before the 1915 Seaman's Act was passed by Congress). And Thor Heyerdahl and his crew were celebrated dinner guests upon the conclusion of his 'Kon Tiki' expedition.
The Norwegian Club was organized for the predominate purpose of providing for the furtherance and advancement of Norwegian culture and interests, to foster incidental social functions, and to carry on the high traditions and principles of Den Norske Klub Fram. The Club is non-sectarian and non-political. Dinners are held every Thursday evening except during the month of July and on special holidays.“Do I feel a vocation to be fully human? “- Margaret Wheatley
Margaret Wheatley in her book, Turning to one another: Simple conversations to restore hope to the future, engages her readers in the magic of conversation by starting off with a question: ‘Do I feel a vocation to be fully human?’
On one level the question is kind of silly. We don’t have a choice. So why bother? But that perspective ignores the very word she puts before us, “Do I feel a vocation to be fully human?”
In the last couple of posts, I explored different versions of “the self”: true self / false self; Gallwey’s – Self 1 or Self 2; our imagined self or remembered self, our privileged self or human self. And after all that discussion, I’m finding Margaret Wheatley’s question to be very poignant. Do we really feel a vocation to being human?
Of course, I think we do and I know it’s not easy. The reason I’m drawn to adaptive transformations is the degree to which Margaret Wheatley’s question really represents a choice. We can choose true self over false self; we can choose Gallwey’s – involuntary ‘Self 2’ over the more distracted ‘Self 1,’ or our imagined self over our remembered self, or our human self over our privileged self.
And isn’t that really why we grow anyway? To make a choice. To be bigger than the person we were just yesterday.
Wheatley’s point about conversations, of course, is absolutely dead on. Conversations take courage; they take practice; they need a willingness to be confused and curious; a willingness to be disturbed. How willing are you to be disturbed?
I know that “imagination” is part of our conversation. I know that “image values” are part of our vocation and that image values play a role in how you “show up” when we have that conversation. I know that it takes a fearless kind of courage to look squarely at what makes us fully human.
I choose a path of ‘suspended disbelief,’ a path that opens me up to the spaciousness of being my own creator. And I choose that knowing that the true, involuntary, imagined, and human part of me believes more about the future than the past, more about this moment than any other.
What do you choose? And why do you choose it? Your answer gets to the heart of what you trust and engage in. Can you be engaged in what you imagine and what you remember? Can you explore images that begin to answer that? Is there a future, there – in those images? Can we begin to imagine that future together?
Thanks for listening!…
I like the question: “Do you see life as it is?” And I like the thought that spaciousness comes from thinking and from not thinking. Being fully human is a very Zen like place. But to even achieve that there must be some image that holds and guides one to that very Zen like place. Thanks for the comment!27: Little White Dog
27: Little White Dog
From Chicken Soup for the Soul: My Very Good, Very Bad Dog
Little White Dog
Fun fact: Dogs have forty-two teeth: two pairs of canine teeth, six pairs of incisors, and the rest are molars.
“Should we even be thinking about getting a dog right now?” I asked my eager fiancé as we drove to the shelter that hot July morning. “The wedding’s nearly five months away, and we still have so much to do for that and the house. I still have to move, and you’ll be alone with the dog most of that time. Then we’re headed to Hawaii, and we’ll have to find someone to dog-sit. It would be easier if we waited until after Christmas, or even spring.”
Stephen hadn’t grown up with dogs as I had, and I had a feeling he didn’t really understand the amount of work they could be.
“That’s exactly why we should get a dog,” he countered. “I’ll be alone until you move, so I’ll be lonely. Dogs relieve stress, so it will actually help with all the things we have to do. It’ll help us relax, you know? I’ve already looked at the shelter online and made a list of dogs that would be good.”
A half-hour later, I closed the door of the small-dog room, muffling the high-pitched cacophony our presence had set off. I crossed to the desk, staffed by a volunteer. “Could we meet that little white dog, please?” I asked. “The one in the bottom corner by the door.”
She looked at me blankly, trying to pull the dog’s information from memory. I persisted. “It looks like she only has one eye.”
That one eye had locked on mine as Stephen left the room, passing a message: “I am your dog. I don’t like this noise any more than he does. Let’s get this show on the road.”
“Oh, oh, Chippewa,” she said. “Yes, I’ll get someone to bring her out to you.”
We sat at a picnic table in the dusty driveway of the shelter, watching our little white dog walk out to us. The shelter said she was a Beagle-Lab mix. Her ears and tail turned out to be biscuit-colored now that I saw them in the light.
The shelter worker handed me the lead, and Stephen patted the bench. The little white dog knew what that meant. She hopped up and sat between us, drinking in the attention. Not only was her left eye atrophied, but her teeth were mostly nubs.
Now that she was in the fresh air with us, the little white dog was cheerful and energetic. She raced to the end of the driveway and back, Stephen trotting beside her to keep up.
“She’s probably at least ten,” I said. “She has one eye and bad teeth. What are those bumps on her face and head?”
Stephen leaned down and patted her gently. “Buckshot, I think.” He looked disgusted. “Someone shot her in the face. That’s probably what happened to her eye.”
Our own eyes met. “It doesn’t matter,” one of us said. “This is our dog.”
It’s a cliché to say that the dog rescued us, but it’s true. We renamed her “Hildy,” short for Hildegard, a name Stephen had chosen for a dog years before. We bought her everything an old dog could want. We took her to the vet, who ran a panel of tests and sent us home with pills for her thyroid disorder and a heart condition and told us she probably didn’t hear well. He also said her tiny nubs of teeth were weakened by poor nutrition and ground down by attempts to gnaw on hard things like rocks and cans to fill her hungry tummy. They also could have been ground down if she had been kept in a cage by a puppy-mill operator.
We took her back later that year for minor surgery to remove the buckshot that was drifting close to her good eye.
Meanwhile, our newlywed dreams fell apart. Our wedding was beautiful, but afterward we were alone in a small town in the Midwest, seven hundred miles away from family and friends and our East Coast homes. We were young, we were miserable, and we blamed each other.
But Hildy united us. She loved both of us, and we both loved her. We were stuck together and forced to make our marriage work because neither of us was willing to leave her. Hildy was our constant, our friend even when we were not friends to each other.
At last, three years after we adopted Hildy, we were able to move, not home to the East Coast, but at least to a city that was more our speed, and into jobs that were a better fit. We rented a small house that Hildy loved because she could sit in one place and see most of it. There weren’t any stairs to challenge her arthritis. She loved going for short walks four times a day around the block, and people in the neighborhood came to recognize her and us. Despite her new diagnosis of Cushing’s disease, it was a happy year for all of us. Stephen and I found our way back to the relationship we had had before, the one we were now so glad we hadn’t given up on.
In June, a year after our move, Hildy’s health declined sharply. Her vet suspected bone cancer. Despite her illness, she was cheerful until the last walk she took into the emergency vet clinic early on a Sunday morning, when it was time to let her go. The night before, we lay on the floor beside her bed, petting her and trying to tell her what she meant to us.
“You saved us,” I whispered. “You saved our marriage. Thank you so much. Thank you for loving us when we couldn’t love each other. We love you, little white dog.”
After Hildy died, I started writing again, something I had given up on in those dark, mostly miserable years when I felt my life had gone horribly wrong in every way except for the little white dog at my feet. I felt Hildy would want me to.
My first novel was published four years after Hildy’s death, two weeks after the birth of our first child.
The dedication reads, “In memory of Hildy, who saved my life in the wilderness.”
~Courtney McKinney-Whitaker
- Title: Reprinted by permission of Chicken Soup for the Soul, LLC © 2016. In order to protect the rights of the copyright holder, no portion of this publication may be reproduced without prior written consent. All rights reserved.Your browser does not support iframes..
Local students accept merit-based
scholarships to Eastern Kentucky
Four Lawrenceburg students accepted merit-based scholarships to attend Eastern Kentucky University.
These students include Chelsea Lane, presidential scholarship; Matthew Sprague, founders scholarship; Bronston Mitchell, presidential scholarship; and Scarlett Sullivan, regents scholarship
Saffell Street Elementary released its honor roll for the third nine weeks.
Fourth grade
Shields
All A
Jaelyn Thompson
A/B Honor Roll
Serena Bruneaux
Kamryn Carmickle
Carver Chapman
Gabe Clark
Bia Kinney
Kalista Newton
Tyler Rice
Emma Van Hook
Dadisman
All A
Anna Foley
Fiona Gabhart
Linda McNulty
Kaylee Scales-Conklin
Brody Wells
A/B Honor Roll
The Anderson News is your source for local news, sports, events, and information in Lawrenceburg, KY and the surrounding area.This is a brand-new translation of a Norwegian novel that’s more than 100 years old – so don’t pick it up expecting cutting-edge Scandi crime or the bleak brutality of Nordic noir. Instead The Iron Chariot offers a nostalgic interlude in the golden age of the private detective. Puzzle-solver and independent investigator Asbjørn Krag is nothing less than the Norwegian equivalent of Sherlock Holmes, and this story is every bit as eerie and unsettling as The Hound Of The Baskervilles.
In fact, The Iron Chariot is a clever blend of gothic suspense – all swirling mists and the melancholia of the midnight sun – and the art of intertwined plots, in which sleight of hand and deductive reasoning simultaneously confound and reward the reader. Some aspects of the writing style feel a little twee to the 21st century eye, but the author establishes the outline of crime fiction to come. There’s a tip of the hat to forensic science, the idiosyncratic investigator, a rising sense of dread and uncertainty – and in common with today’s trendy psychological thrillers, all is far from what is seems. Apparently, Saint Agatha herself was inspired by the middle-class country holiday, and 20 years later she ‘borrowed’ one of the author’s central plot devices!
Also, for anyone who’s enjoyed the recent theatrical revivals of Hedda Gabler and The Master Builder, there’s more than a sniff of similarity between the tone and style of Stein Riverton’s writing and Henrik Ibsen’s plays. You can feel the same swirl of social unease at the tricky transition from a traditional agrarian economy to the industrial 20th century. The iron chariot itself is a menacing presence; perhaps a haunting from the past, perhaps a portent of an oppressive future…
An unusual read, then. If you enjoy classic crime and first-generation gothic ghost stories then it’s likely to entertain. If you prefer domestic dramas or ‘inside the mind of a serial killer’ thrillers then it’ll most likely mystify you, but not in the way Stein Riverton intended.
Oh, and congrats to the publisher, Abandoned Bookshop, for taking the risk of resurrecting such an unusual novel. Their mission is to ‘uncover the best books we’ve forgotten about, lost sight of, or never even knew existed’ – definitely worthy of support. Likewise, translator Lucy Moffatt has done a wonderful job of capturing the atmosphere of Norway in 1909; resisting the temptation to modernise the writing yet making it easily accessible to readers more familiar with the likes of Jo Nesbø and Stieg Larsson. Top job.
8/10
Reviewed by Rowena Hoseason
The Iron Chariot by Stein Riverton is available as an ebook
——–
Find THE STONER STORIES at AmazonYour company should be a member of the Virginia Business Excellence Consortium (VBEC) if...
...your company wants to share best practices about process excellence
...your company wants to increase their competitiveness
...your company could use some help in implementing advanced business practices to improve processes, operations and worker skill levels
...your company wants to be part of increasing economic prosperity for the Commonwealth of Virginia
Who are VBEC's members?
VBEC is open to all sizes and types of businesses in VIrginia. Sizes currently range from 35 employees to 21,000, making VBEC a diverse group that provides learning and sharing opportunities no matter how large or small the member company is or what kind of business they are in. VBEC members learn from one another about improving their businesses. Being a VBEC member requires only a dues payment and a commitment to share initiatives and results with others.
What are the benefits of VBEC Membership?
VBEC membership provides member companies with the opportunity to...
...develop a network of individuals in a variety of companies and industries that you can call for advice and assistance in implementing business improvements
...go behind the scenes of other businesses and see how they operate, how they are implementing improvements, what their challenges are and how they are addressing them
…take advantage of expertise in other companies and leverage resources for training, learning and problem-solving
…access to various external educational and training resources and speakers...receive discounts on training/educational programs offered by affiliate members.
Museumplein 10, Amsterdam.
Opening Times:
Daily: 10.00h – 18.00h
Friday: 10.00h – 22.00h
Buy your tickets at Ticketbar and skip the line!Sponsoredby:
Sponsored by:
Following the tragic explosions, it is possible that there is potentially hazardous ash, debris or residues on vessels or cargo. A comprehensive list of chemicals involved is not yet available, but several hazardous chemicals are reported to have been in the main warehouse, including sodium cyanide (UN1689) and calcium carbide (UN1402).
The Japan P&I Club warns that, given the substantial size of the explosions and the suspected hazardous chemicals involved, ships and cargo in port at or near the times of the explosions may have been exposed to potentially hazardous dust, ash or debris.
The U.S. Coast Guard and Customs and Border Protection are monitoring all U.S. bound cargo and vessels that were in the port of Tianjin on or after August 12.
Read Full ArticleFilter Results:
- Full text PDF available (1)
Publication Year
1968
2010
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (0)
- Last 10 years (1)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Vedran Sarić, Marko Pečina, Jerolim Karadza
- Acta chirurgica Iugoslavica
- 1983
Authors have analysed some characteristics of the functional anatomy, biomechanics, classification and treatment of fractures of the talocrural joint with special emphasis of sprained fractures. Based on data from different references, as well as on the authors' experience, they came to the conclusion that a great percentage of these fractures heal with… (More)
- Vedran Sarić, N Laganin, Jerolim Karadza, Branko Pikula, I Poleksić
- Lijecnicki vjesnik
- 1975
- Vedran Sarić, Marko Pečina
- Lijecnicki vjesnik
- 1984
- S T Rac, Dusan Tosic, Vedran Sarić, Marko Vasić
- Acta chirurgica Iugoslavica
- 1975
- Ivana Dovzak Bajs, Vedran Sarić, Milan Opalić
- Collegium antropologicum
- 2001
Following total hip arthroplasty the durability of a prosthetic implant depends on many factors but is generally limited by two types of damage: wearing of frictional surfaces of the acetabular and femoral component as well as the loosening and migration of the "rosthesis-cement-bone" system. Since it is possible to establish a cause-and-effect relationship… (More)
- Marija Perinović, Vedran Sarić, M Gruji0c, Suzana Ljubojević, D Jergović, Z Robović
- Medicinski arhiv
- 1968
- Julija Durasek, Ivana Dovzak-Bajs, Vedran Sarić
- Acta medica Croatica : casopis Hravatske…
- 2010
The aim of the study was to identify the factors affecting major blood loss in patients undergoing total knee arthroplasty (TKA), in order to reduce blood loss and requirements for blood transfusion. This prospective randomized study included 80/184 patients treated by TKA at University Hospital of Traumatology, Zagreb, Croatia, from January 2005 till… (More)
- Vedran Sarić, N Laganin, Jerolim Karadza, Marko Vasić
- Lijecnicki vjesnik
- 1974
- Vedran Sarić, N Laganin, Jerolim Karadza, Marko Vasić
- Lijecnicki vjesnik
- 1975
- Marija Perinović, Vedran Sarić, Mirko Grujić, Suzana Ljubojević, D Jergović, Z Robović
- Medicinski arhiv
- 1968Parks, shopping centres and even back gardens across the capital are being transformed into pop-up hubs of free arts and science this autumn. The annual Fun Palaces project aims to bring communities together - with organisers urging more Londoners to get involved on 1st and 2nd October 2016. The festival's co-director Stella Duffy and volunteer Zoey Dixon join London Live to reveal what's in store.Godolphin’s head trainer John O’Shea this week confirmed plans to for Cox Plate-bound Contributer to return to racing early next month in the Dato Tan Chin Nam Stakes 2015 at Moonee Valley Racecourse.
Dual Group 1 winner Contributer will kick off a 2015 Cox Plate campaign in the Dato’ Tan Chin Nam Stakes this September. Photo: Steve Hart.
Set to run on September 5, the weight-for-age $250,000 Group 2 Dato’ Tan Chin Nam Stakes (1600m) will be the maiden run for the star imported High Chaparral five-year-old since he posted back-to-back Group 1 wins in the autumn.
On debut down under last October the now six-year-old won first-up in the Group 3 David Jones Cup (2000m) at Caulfield before a disappointing eighth behind Hucklebuck in the Group 1 Emirates Stakes (1600m) when dropped back in distance that November on a too-firm Flemington track.
Sent for a spell after the Group 1 loss, Contributer returned in February and hasn’t been defeated since with three wins from as many starts last campaign in Sydney.
His opening win in Sydney was in the Group 2 Apollo Stakes (1400m) at Randwick before his two elite level autumn successes in the Group 1 Chipping Norton Stakes (100m) at Warwick Farm and the Group 1 Ranvet Stakes (2000m) when defeating the Japanese-trained Tosen Stardom at Rosehill on March 21.
In a warning to his spring rivals, O’Shea told Racenet this week the $1 million earner has come back bigger and stronger than at the start of the year and is ready to kill it this Melbourne Spring Racing Carnival.
“He’s come back bigger and stronger,” O’Shea said.
“He was racing at about 510kg last campaign but is about 545kg at the moment.
“I expect he’ll race about 25kg heavier this time which I’m happy about.
“He exceeded all expectations last campaign and I have a better understanding of him now.
“I am happy with him.”
After the Dato’ Tan Chin Nam Stakes, won last year by star Tassie raider The Cleaner, Contributer will track towards a run back at the Valley on October 24 in Australasia’s weight-for-age championship – the $3 million Group 1 W.S. Cox Plate (2040m).
“The Cox Plate will be his grand final,” O’Shea said.
Early Cox Plate betting on the nominations, which closed last week, are open now at Ladbrokes.com.au with Contriubter the current $10 second elect behind international invitee Arod ($9).
Contributer had his first official hit-out this week on Monday morning at Randwick’s Kensington track and impressed O’Shea with his trail where the galloper’s regular jockey James McDonald was in the saddle.
Worked over 835m in the second heat of the morning, McDonald kept the dual Group 1 winning import just off the pace and didn’t overextend him as he finished a nice fourth just off the back of the first three past the post including the Gai Waterhouse-trained winner Flamboyant Lass.
To get behind Contributer this spring at the right price and check out the full ante-post Cox Plate odds before markets firm over the coming weeks, visit Ladbrokes.com.au today where your first deposit will also be matched 100% up to $500 as a bonus bet on the house when you quote the code BETBONUS!Fox Fence NW offers you only the best fencing products:
Chain Link Fence
We have superior quality chain link fences that have been developed for rigorous commercial and industrial applications. Our chain link fences are maintenance free and offers long-lasting protection.
We offer installation and materials for all kinds of chain link fencing from residential to commercial grade. Varying colors and styles of vinyl and wood slats can be added to create an attractive level of privacy to any space.
Wood Fence
Our wood fences offer security and beauty in a wide range of styles to compliment any home. Our two most popular fences are the solid board and good neighbor. We offer a variety of options from our contractors, including a lattice top or you may choose to have your boards cut in a “dog eared” fashion for a more stylish finish. But if you require a customized fence, we will be happy to provide you with it.
Vinyl Fence
Our vinyl fencing is available in different styles: traditional, picket, privacy, lawn rail, ranch rail in several colors.
Because of its durability, vinyl fencing offers the advantage of little to no maintenance compared to conventional types of fencing, such as wood, which require staining or painting.
Farm Fence
Our farm fencing solutions are perfect for your farm in Portland and Northwest. We offer rigid, yet flexible construction that makes it ideal for installation over a rolling meadow, hilly terrain or any other type of Portland or Northwest area farm. Its superior strength and closely-woven 2”x 4” mesh pattern has been designed to prevent horses, cows or hoofed animals from stepping through or walking down the fence. The galvanized finish presents a nice appearance with virtually no maintenance. Our farm fencing solutions truly offer the best combination of durability, attractiveness and low upkeep.
Pre Cast Concrete Fence
A concrete fence gives you the privacy and protection you expect from a fence, while delivering maintenance-free beauty that will last for years. A concrete fence is commonly used in commercial or municipal settings for privacy, swimming pools, and sound barriers. The low maintenance aspect of concrete fencing makes it attractive to both residential and commercial clients.
Ornamental Steel and Aluminum Fencing
Our concrete fencing solutions come in a variety of styles, such as rail, brick and stone. Decorative lattice panels, wrought iron, or tempered glass can be easily interchanged with panels to complement the fence design. Painting, while not necessary, is always an option to match your color scheme.
Ornamental fencing is one of the fastest growing trends in the fencing industry. Available in steel and aluminum, it is beautiful and elegant, and not only offers you an impressive estate look, but gives you additional security when you add an automated gate operator.
No matter what your needs are, there is a gate operator designed to meet them. A telephone entry system can be added or simply use a remote control device to open your gate. If further security is needed, a surveillance camera can be added to the system.Govt swings into emergency action to return home holidaymakers
BIRMINGHAM: Airport staff talk with passengers at the check-in area for Monarch Airlines, in the departures lounge of Birmingham Airport in Birmingham, central England yesterday. — AFP
LONDON: LONDON: British short-haul carrier Monarch Airlines ceased trading suddenly yesterday following a financial collapse in the biggest airline failure in Britain, prompting the government into emergency action to return home 110,000 stranded passengers.
Monarch and its holidays business entered administration, with KPMG appointed to oversee the financial chaos that has left about 2,100 staff likely having to find new employment. The airline had been struggling financially for a while and won a cash injection a year ago that allowed it to continue flying holidaymakers and fund growth plans, as the sector faced turbulence from Brexit and terrorism.
The UK’s Civil Aviation Authority described Monday’s events”. Passengers are being flown back from numerous countries, including France, Greece, Israel and Turkey on aircraft leased by the CAA.
“It would be nice obviously to get back to our families on Wednesday” as planned, holidaymaker Desmond Morland told AFP in Cyprus after being told he may face a delay returning to Britain. “We are quite upset… we don’t know anything. I suppose it’s just a waiting game.” Among planes being leased were Airbus A320s from Qatar Airways, according to flight-tracker Flightradar24.
Hundreds of thousands of customers are affected by Monarch going into administration, most of which have future bookings, the CAA said in its latest update. The government said that it was overseeing what it said was the biggest repatriation since the end of World War II. “This is a hugely distressing situation for British holidaymakers abroad and my first priority is to help them get back to the UK,” Transport Secretary Chris Grayling said in a statement.
“That is why I have immediately ordered the country’s biggest ever peacetime repatriation to fly about 110,000 passengers who could otherwise have been left stranded abroad.” He added: “This is an unprecedented response to an unprecedented situation.” But the Unite senior Unite official Oliver Richardson.
“Their hard work has been undone by a government seemingly content to sit on its hands and allow one of the UK’s oldest airlines go into administration.”
‘Ryanair’s gain ‘
The first plane to arrive back in the UK carried 165 passengers from Ibiza.”.
Monarch’s collapse meanwhile boosted the share prices of bigger rivals. “Usually what’s bad for one airline-higher fuel costs, terror attacks, air traffic control strikes-are bad for the sector,” noted Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital. “But the failure of Monarch is good news for rivals. Shares in Ryanair and EasyJet both rose… as the market reacted to the news of the demise of Monarch after 50 years in business.” -AFP
Recent CommentsTHERMOMIX ® RECIPE
Ingredients
2 jar(s)
Rogan Josh Curry Paste
- 15 grams cardamom seeds, whole
- 15 grams coriander seeds, whole
- 10 grams cumin seeds, whole
- 10 grams whole cloves
- 1/4 whole nutmeg
- 1 cinnamon stick
- 2 bay leaves
- 3 chillies, dried kashmiri
- 3 garlic cloves, peeled
- 2 pieces ginger, approx 2cm, peeled
- 2 onions, brown, peeled and halved
- 3 tsp paprika
- 120 grams Grapeseed Oil
- 400 grams tomatoes, canned
- 2 tbsp tomato puree
- 3 tbsp white vinegar
- 6
5minPreparation 5minBaking/Cooking
- 7Preparation
- 8Recipe is created for
TM 31
- 9
Recipe's preparation
Place whole cardamom, coriander, cumin and cloves into TM and heat for 8 minutes at Varoma temp on SS
Add cinnamon sticks, nutmeg, bay leaves and chillies. Grind together for 40 secs at speed 9
Place garlic, ginger and onions into TM and chop for 4 seconds on speed 6. Scrape mixture down from side of bowl.
Pour oil into TM and heat for 2 minutes @ 100 degrees on speed 1
Add paprika, tinned tomatoes, tomato puree and vinegar and mix together for 6 seconds on speed 6
Cook paste mixture for 8 minutes @100 degrees on speed 1
Transfer mixture to clean jars ensuring there is a film of oil floating on the surface of the paste to help the paste retain its colour.
Store paste in the fridge until ready for use.
Rogan Josh Curry Paste
Tip
To use - combine 3 tbsp of curry paste with 2 tbsp of natural Greek yoghurt and 1tbsp of ghee. Marinate cubes of lamb overnight, then
Smoked
can grapeseed oil be
can grapeseed oil be substituted at all?
I made this last night to use
I made this last night to use with a slow cooked recipie today, and just wondering if 15g of cardamon is correct? It seemed a lot at the time, and now that's all i can taste.
Super, super yummy! Much
Super, super yummy! Much better than any jar rogan josh I have ever bought! Thanks for sharing.
Add salt and this is a total
Add salt and this is a total keeper. It very closely replicates a dish from my local curry house. I am so pleased to have found it here. Ty Ty!
Simple and easy to make.
Simple and easy to make. Needs salt added for my preferred curry taste.SAN JOSE, Calif., April 12, 2017 – Legrand, North America announced today its contributions to the Building for Transformative Medicine at Brigham and Women’s Hospital. Working in close collaboration with the hospital, Legrand and ESS Lighting & Controls met multiple lighting project goals focused on energy savings and the occupant experience.
:
· Providing access to natural light
· Meeting energy and building code requirements
· Increasing energy savings through daylight harvesting and time of day controls
·:In a matter of minutes diaphragmatic breathing lowers your blood pressure, heart rate, and helps calm you down for instant stress relief.
By just learning how to relax and breathe properly you can gain astonishing benefits that are essential to a healthy life.
Infants and small children do abdominal breathing naturally. However, most grown-ups develop the bad habit of holding their stomach in and expanding the chest when they breathe.
Diaphragmatic breathing is the very opposite…
Watch the model of a sleeping baby… it’s a kind of belly breathing that is slow, deep, and smooth.
Shallow breathing hinders the exchange of oxygen and carbon dioxide in the blood of your lungs’ lower lobes. The imbalance dramatically stresses the efficiency of the respiratory system. Lack of oxygen circulating in the blood deprives you of energy.
Is it any wonder you feel tired and sluggish?
Furthermore… mental stress, anxiety, fear, intense excitement or anger… any one of these kinds of emotions can initiate upper chest breathing, exposing yourself to constant arousal of the
fight or flight
response.
The more rapid and stressed the breath becomes, the greater risk to overbreathe and hyperventilate. Oxygen may be plentiful… but it can’t be properly used! Forcing carbon dioxide out of the lungs too quickly creates an imbalance that for some can cycle into a full-blown panic attack!
Diaphragmatic breathing exercises can quickly calm the distress to help bring you back to a relaxed state. Any unnecessary tension in your mind or body is relinquished upon exhaling.
These are powerful breathing and relaxation techniques that allow you to take conscious control over your nervous system.
It’s true… quieting and slowing your breath turns on what is known as the
relaxation response
from the parasympathetic branch of the nervous system.
A sense of peace and well-being might be your goal whether you specifically regulate breathing for stress relief or not. Diaphragmatic breathing has long been a customary ritual in preparing the mind for meditation.
It’s the basis for a yogic breathing exercise referred to as, ‘the complete breath’ or ‘three part breath’. Similar yoga breathing or prana breathing methods are practiced in many different
types of meditation.
The actual up and down movement of the diaphragm muscle applies stimulating massage to the internal organs below. It eases work of the heart and lungs, plus tones and strengthens the body’s core muscles. Diaphragm breathing also assists the lymph fluids and digestive system.
More doctors are now recommending to their patients meditative breathing techniques for stress. Breathing deeply invariably improves physical, emotional and mental conditions, prevents disease and is a powerful form of self-healing.
Relaxation breathing techniques also increase the production of endorphins that act in reducing the level of pain.
Beginners may find it easier lying on their back with a pillow under the knees for support. After a little practice, try a sitting position.
Keep your spine straight.
Lightly place one hand over the stomach area just below the rib cage and the other hand over the upper chest. (This helps in feeling any movement).
Relax… and focus on the rhythm of your breath.
Count with an equal number of beats to inhale and exhale if it helps. For some, lengthening the time span for exhaling is more calming for total relaxation. Also, it helps prevent hyperventilation. If you experience any dizziness, nausea, etc.—you may be trying too hard. Take a more passive role.
Proper deep breathing doesn’t ever force air into the lungs or strain going out. Never try to breathe beyond your capacity. Just breathe easy and rhythmically using the ever-slightest pressure to move the diaphragm downward and expand the abdomen.
INHALE through the nostrils. The abdominal area rises and the lower rib cage expands as the lungs fill with air—the upper chest should remain basically motionless.EXHALE through the nose slowly and evenly, allowing your lungs to completely empty. Finish the breath by gently contracting the abdomen and expel the last bit of stale air… pause… and wait for the spontaneous draw of air that follows.
EXHALE through the nose slowly and evenly, allowing your lungs to completely empty. Finish the breath by gently contracting the abdomen and expel the last bit of stale air… pause… and wait for the spontaneous draw of air that follows.
A good daily maintenance routine would consist of 6 to 10 repetitions, 2 to 3 times per day.
You’ll soon want to rely on diaphragmatic breathing as a comprehensive restorative breathing therapy. Its natural relaxation breathing rhythm will impact all the principal functions of your body.
Best of all, anyone can do it… just like a baby.
From Diaphragmatic Breathing -Read more on: Relaxation Techniques
Return to: Essence Of Stress Relief - HOME PAGEPASADENA, Calif. - Oregon senior running back Royce Freeman became the Ducks' all-time leading rusher with a 16-yard run in the fourth quarter of the team's 31-14 loss at UCLA.
The run left Freeman with 153 rushing yards on the day and 5,096 for his career. He finished the game with 160 yards on 29 carries and has 5,103 for his career.
Freeman breaking the record today appeared to be a given. The Bruins (3-3, 1-2 Pac-12) entered the game ranked last in the conference and 128th in the nation in rushing defense allowing 313 yards per game. Oregon (4-3, 1-3) entered the day ranked third in the conference and 18th in the nation in rushing with 244.3 yards per game.
Freeman started the game ranked third in the conference and ninth in the nation with 797 rushing yards.
Freeman began the season with 4,146 career rushing yards and needing 937 to break James' record.- >
- News & Publications
- >
- Press Releases
- >
- Robert J.A. Zito Joins Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP As Partner
Press Releases
Director of Marketing
Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP
212-238-8753
info@clm.com
ROBERT J.A. ZITO JOINS CARTER LEDYARD & MILBURN LLP AS PARTNER
Defense and General Litigation Capabilities --
NEW YORK, May 22, 2007 – Wall Street law firm Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP announced today that Robert J.A. Zito will join the firm as partner in the litigation department effective June 1, 2007. Prior to joining the firm, Mr. Zito was a partner in the NY office of Schiff Hardin LLP.
“We are thrilled to expand our litigation team with a lawyer of Bob’s caliber,” said Lawrence F. Carnevale, member of the Executive Committee and Chair of the Litigation Department at Carter Ledyard. “His arrival, along with that of Mike Shapiro and Alan Lewis in December, expands and strengthens our white-collar defense, internal investigation and securities-related litigation capabilities.”
Bob Zito is a securities litigator and white-collar defense attorney with an expanded focus on Securities and Exchange Commission and Self-Regulatory Organization enforcement and securities and securities industry litigation: securities industry disputes; securities class actions; corporate and partnership disputes; directors' and officers' liability; corporate governance; shareholder freeze-outs; proxy litigation; shareholder derivative actions; company, director and partnership fiduciary duties; company, asset and real estate valuations; stockholder appraisal rights; tax shelters; and white collar crime. He has been first chair in over 40 trials and has extensive appellate experience as well.
Mr. Zito, who has prosecuted and defended general litigation matters for more than 25 years, has been involved in some of New York’s most high profile cases. He has led legal teams that represented a national broker-dealer in connection with the successful resolution of a $10 million clearing broker dispute, that defended a stock market in the successful resolution of an SEC enforcement proceeding under Reg. ATS, and that successfully cleared a large broker-dealer in connection with its alleged role in a “pump and dump” scheme. In 2003, he successfully reduced a $90 million jury verdict for punitive damages against the general partner of various public limited partnerships for breach of fiduciary duty.
Mr. Zito is the only defense attorney in the United States to have tried to verdict a Section 14 securities class action in the wake of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Mr. Zito received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Tulane University in 1978 and his J.D. from New York Law School in 1981, where he also served as law clerk to the Honorable Leonard E. Yoswein, Supreme Court of the State of New York. Afterwards, he served in the New York Guard, Judge Advocate’s General Corps. for ten years, retiring at the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. Mr. Zito, 50, resides in Tribeca, NewYork.KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) —...Keep PA Beautiful is reminding participates in the 2016 Great American Cleanup of PA they have until June 3 to enter their 2-minute videos of people making their communities clean and beautiful in this year’s Video Contest.
“This is a great opportunity to showcase your local programs and partnerships and illustrate just how much fun it can be to join together to improve your community,” said Shannon Reiter, President of Keep PA Beautiful.
The Department of Environmental Protection sponsors the video contest with cash prizes offered by the PA additional contest details, visit KPB’s Video Contest webpage.
The 2016 Great American Cleanup of PA ends May 31. During this period, registered events can receive free trash bags, gloves, and safety vests from PennDOT district offices as supplies last. Click Here to register your events or find out where you can volunteer for an existing event..National Steel Car is led by a chief executive officer known as Gregory James Aziz. National Steel Car is an engineering company that manufactures railroad freight cars. The company also manufactures tank cars. It is the biggest company in the industry. The company is also the leading company in the region in the supply of these products. National Steel Car was established to address the demand of railways products in the beginning of the last century. National Steel Car was established in 1912 as Imperial Car Inc. The company began on a very good start. It managed to bring in huge profits that would be used by the then management to develop it further.
National Steel Car is leading company in the region. It has been performing very well since it is current management have been very keen on expansion of the company. The current management under Gregory J Aziz has been doing very well and has been the best period in the history of this company. National Steel Car has been in the industry for long enough. It has been through up and downs. The economic challenges and technological challenges have been huge in the last century. Despite all the challenges that the company has emerged strong. It has beaten all other companies in the industry.
National Steel Car under the management of Greg Aziz performed very well. Its production capacity of the company has improved. Greg Aziz managerial skills have been key to the growth of the company. As an expert in Economic studies, he has managed to use his knowledge in making the company grow. He has known how to manage a company that has not been doing very well. His work with National Steel Car is one that is to be admired. He took over the management when the company was performing dismally. He, however, managed to make the company grow into one of the biggest.
View More Information Here.
About Greg Aziz
Greg Aziz is a Canadian who has been an entrepreneur in North America. He is one of the best. He has accomplished so much as a business leader. He was born in Ontario in 1949. His economics degree is from the University of Western of Ontario. Earlier he had attended another institution known as Ridley College. He worked for a foods business company known as Affiliated foods. This is a company that was owned by his family. He applied his expertise and made Affiliated foods the biggest importer of foods in North America.
View Source:Box Hill Senior Secondary College has a strong tradition of providing opportunities for students to develop programs of study in areas of interest that provide pathways to further study, training and employment.
Through the Year 10 program students are offered a unique opportunity to:
Students in the Year 10 program will develop essential knowledge and skills through CORE studies and be able to pursue areas of interest with their elective choices.Particular emphasis is placed on developing learning and work related competencies such as:
Communication
Problem Solving
Time Management
Information Literacy Skills
Working in Teams
Leadership Qualities
Students must undertake 4 core studies of English, Mathematics, Humanities and Science and select 3 elective studies. Participation in the Sport Development program counts as one elective. Students are encouraged to explore electives in areas they enjoy and that may relate to their future career aspirations. Elective choices to be offered will depend upon the student demand and staffing availability.
Mathematics: Each student will undertake a mathematics course appropriate to his or her current level of performance.
VCE Units: Year 10 students are encouraged to undertake a VCE study as an elective. Students selecting a VCE study will need to demonstrate excellent academic progress during year 9.
Work Experience:There is no fixed time for work experience. All year 10 students are encouraged to seek opportunities to undertake relevant work experience, so they can take the opportunity to further enhance their skills in alignment with their chosen pathway.Yark Bmw. Below are a few of top notch Yark Bmw photos on internet. We noticed it from reliable source. It is released by admin in the best field. We feel this kind of Yark Bmw graphic can be the most trending content once we share it in google plus or facebook.
We decide to presented in this article because this can be one of wonderful reference for any Yark Bmw choices. Dont you come here to find out some new unique Yark Bmw ideas? We really hope you can easily acknowledge it as one of the reference and many thanks for your free time for browsing our internet site. Make sure you share this picture to your loved friends, families, group via your social media such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any other social bookmarking sites.Matthew E White
Flo Morrissey & Matthew E. White releasing collaborative covers LP (listen), playing shows
Slow Club released fourth LP (listen), U.S. tour starts this week in NYC
Foxygen ready new LP ‘Hang,’ share “Follow the Leader” video, announce tour
Record Store Day announces 2016 exclusive titles
Uncut’s Top 75 Albums of 2015
MOJO’s Top 50 LPs of 2015
Like their sister magazine Q, the folks at MOJO are fans of Julia Holter's Have You in My Wilderness, naming it 2015's Album of the...
Green Man fest 2015 pics/review Pt. 2: Sexwitch, St. Vincent, SFA, Father John Misty, Goat, Songhoy Blues &...
Matthew E. White released a stripped-down version of ‘Fresh Blood,’ shares “Vision” video ++ win tix to Rough Trade show
Matthew E White has released a deluxe version of his Fresh Blood LP that comes with what he's calling the "No Skin" version of the album, which has it stripped of strings, horns, and choirs...Khloe Kardashian Plays Coy When Asked If Kylie Jenner Is Pregnant
Other reports by TheDailyFarc
Recent News Articles
Discuss This Article
MOST POPULAR TheDailyFarc
Novak Djokovic explains his plans ahead of Australian Open
Justin Timberlake unveils funk-hop single 'Filthy — New Sounds
Red-faced Kim Jong-un accidentally blasts OWN city in missile blunder
Samsung Galaxy On Nxt 16GB launched in India, priced at Rs. 9999
Hollywood Women on Offensive Against Sexual Abusers
NY fire injures 23, including nine children
Triple talaq bill likely to be tabled in Rajya Sabha tomorrow
Kendall Jenner Just Responded to Those Pregnancy Rumors in the Best Way
Matthew Stafford throws 3 TD passes; Lions beat Packers in finale
Bears Expected to Fire John FoxAfter four rounds of voting JSTOR stands victorious as the 2015 Database Bracket Champions.
A favorite among both librarians and students, this database has some of the highest usage stats at Alfred as well. It’s no wonder too, covering over 50 academic disciplines collections on JSTOR include the full archival record of each journal from the first volume and extending within 3-5 years of the current issue.
And since any great wrap up includes the stats here ar the JSTOR statistics
Since January 2015 @ Alfred
Searches – 4,748
Full-text requests – 7,508
That means in the last 124 days
You made over 38 searches per day!
Downloaded 60 full-text articles per day!
That’s a lot of research!BEIRUT — ''Large naval target'' usually means oil tanker in Iraqi war reports. Iraq said its jets hit another one Sunday in the second strike against Iran's oil industry in 48 hours. The Iraqi News Agency said the ship was hit near Kharg Island, Iran's main oil terminal. There was no immediate confirmation of the attack and no comment from Iran. Iraq said its navy bombarded Iran's Cyrus oil field west of Kharg Island Friday night, destroying four wells, a pumping station and an Iranian coast guard gunboat. Tote board: 144 ships have been attacked in the five-year Gulf war.Winning games in the NFL is never easy. But in the last 19 regular season games, the Kansas City Chiefs have emerged victorious 17 times.
The .894-win percentage is best in the NFL in that span, and Kansas City enters week 10 in a first place tie with Oakland in the AFC West and a first place tie in the AFC with New England.
The Chiefs don’t have a future hall of fame quarterback, they don’t have a superstar at receiver or running back, they’ve played all year without one of the league’s best pass rushers and given up the 12th most yards on defense in the NFL.
Yet, somehow, week after week, the Chiefs find a way to win games that some say they have no business winning.
While players come in and out of the Andy Reid, Bob Sutton system, one trend has stayed true over this long stretch of winning.
When the Chiefs force turnovers, they win the game.
Since 2013, KC is 26-4 in games where they win the turnover battle. They are 12-2 when scoring a defensive touchdown and have seven pick-sixes since 2015, the most in the NFL.
Sunday’s 20-17 victory over Carolina showed once again how important turnovers are to KC’s success.
Safety Eric Berry’s interception returned back for a touchdown brought Kansas City within a score, then Marcus Peters’ forced fumble in the final minute set up the game winning field goal.
Without these turnovers, Kansas City stood no chance. The offense only totaled 165 passing yards, failed to score a touchdown all game and couldn’t stay on the field going a lousy 2-12 on third down.
Even with the lackluster offensive performance, Kansas City won a game without ever leading until the closing seconds. This marks the 14th time in their last 28 regular season games where the outcome has been decided within one score.
The Chiefs lead the league in turnovers at 22, four more than any other team, and hold the best turnover differential at plus 14. Sutton’s unit tends to have a knack for forcing these turnovers in the second half.
KC entered Sunday’s game allowing just 54 points in the second half of games this year and packed on to that with a second half shutout in Carolina. These late game adjustments keep the Chiefs in almost all their games, no matter the deficit.
Taking a page out of the Kansas City Royals comeback book, the Chiefs have as many wins this season when trailing by 17 or more, two, as the rest of the NFL combined.
The never say die approach makes the Chiefs so dangerous, as just like in Carolina, things can unravel very quickly.
A 17-3 lead into the fourth quarter looked to be almost a sure fire win for the Panthers, since the Chiefs offense struggled to extend drives or push the ball downfield all game. Still, the fire was lit for the Chief front seven as Dee Ford and Chris Jones combined for critical back to back sacks late in the third quarter.
The pair of sacks stalled a 10 minute, 20 play drive and knocked the Panthers out of field goal range, which would have extended their lead to three scores. It was the NFL’s longest play drive since 1998 that ended with a punt.
This didn’t lead to an offensive touchdown, but it sparked the defense with confidence as they finally brought consistent pressure the quarterback’s way. That proved to be key in the fourth when Cam Newton heaved a pressured pass Eric Berry’s direction, which ended with Berry in the end zone after an impressive 42-yard return.
While Chiefs quarterback Alex Smith played one of his most inaccurate games as a Chief, KC fans saw the pros and cons of having a risky quarterback on Sunday. Newton made a number of great throws that Smith likely doesn’t, but his interception that brought the Chiefs back is a throw Smith likely never attempts.
The majority of teams in the NFL need quarterbacks who can push the ball downfield quickly, go through multiple reads and fire passes through a tight window, but the demands for the Chiefs quarterback might be different.
As long as the Chiefs are forcing turnovers at a league best rate, and Smith continues to avoid the back-breaking turnover late in games, then the Chiefs might have a winning formula.
They aren’t the 1985 Bears on defense, but the ability to consistently force turnovers when the team needs them the most is a quality few can replicate. Peters was burned a couple times in the game as Newton did test him often, but just as he does almost every week, he made up for it with a big turnover.
The full Marcus Peters experience is always on the table, as in back to back weeks the Pro Bowl corner has punted the ball in the stands in celebration.
Peters now has two forced fumbles, three fumble recoveries, two defensive touchdowns and 13 interceptions in his 25 career games. He is establishing himself as one of the game’s biggest playmakers and the Chiefs can live with a few missed routes or celebratory antics if he and the team continue to produce at a high level.
The Chiefs will look to keep the momentum rolling back into Arrowhead next week against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, with kickoff is set for noon.Enjoy four days of the best in Bluegrass music, stage shows, workshops, movies, children's activities, all highlighted by a special Easter service at 10:00am on Sunday. Onsite camping is available first come-first served; alternate lodging is nearby at Exit 301 / I-75 at SR-50. For local area information, visit FloridasAdventureCoast.com
- Beaches
- Cities
- Featured Destinations
- All Cities
- Places to Stay
- Most Popular
- Map
- Things to Do
- Deals
- More
- Visitor Services
- For Our Partners
- Popular LinksCut the onions into slices, also the carrot and shallots and put into a saucepan with the butter. While heating over a moderate fire, add the thyme, parsley, bayleaf and cloves. When the onions are golden brown add the flour, stock and vinegar. Boil again, pass through a sieve and season with salt and pepper.
Twenty-four Little French Dinners (1919).The historical storm that has rocked the East coast no doubt will have an effect on this years presidential election. Obama has cancelled election events, and is in Washington D.C quarterbacking government response. Gov. Chrisite and President Obama have teamed up well together in an effort to get New Jersey back on it’s feet… with Christie singing the presidents praise. …while Romney is in Ohio giving away canned goods .. caught in a tough situation …needing to electioneer … but pretty much sidelined in deference to the crisis on hand.
Not very long ago Gov Chris Christie was the headline speaker preceding Gov. Romney at the GOP national convention. Christie self-absorbed speech took most of the time promoting himself, and rarely muttered the Romney name. In his speech aftermath, the Romney people were very critical of Christie’s address. ..and Christie wasn’t too pleased with the Romney “machine” If Romney turns up a winner in 2012, Christie is sidelined to at-least 2020. On the other hand, If Obama wins…Romney’s career is done, and Christie stands tall as a statesman and leading Republican candidate and alternative to the damaged Paul Ryan in 2016.
While Christie and Obama mutual admiration society is in full bloom, Romney is pretty much set back to secondary status. With POTUS looking hands on and well in charge of the FEMA effort, Romney’s words during the Republican nominating process of “getting rid of FEMA “and “privatizing” . ring hollow and plain short-sighted in the wake of this natural disaster.
With pollsters put out of business with 7 million people out of power ..and the ensuing chaos…don’t look for any more meaningful polling. The election stands in the balance..seems an unlikely chance for Gov. Christie to even the score against Romney and his Romney critics, will serve the cause of helping seal the deal on the re-election of President Obama. again failed to resist the thrust of the roof and, in 1939 needed to be heavily shored with timber until the work of restorationTo support today’s advanced plan designs, benefits administrators need to connect with multiple provider networks and specialty services vendors. TriZetto offers two complementary solution strategies that enable connectivity and integration with leading industry networks and vendors: 1) the TriZetto ClaimsExchange® Service; and 2) the TriZetto Premier Partnership Program™..
The exclusive TriZetto Premier Partnership Program provides affordable, integrated access to the same type of high-performance, high-impact solutions that larger organizations have in place—but in a more cost-effective, easy-to-implement package. TriZetto has identified and established partnerships with quality vendors whose innovative, reliable products and services can enable administrators to better manage plan risk. The Premier Partnership Program leverages TriZetto's strength and its share of the self-funded market to secure optimal vendor pricing. These products and services are part of a cohesive strategy to help benefits administrators transform from a singular focus on paying claims to a broader strategy of better managing client risk..Series: Innkeeper Chronicles #1
Author: Ilona Andrews
Narrator: Renee Raudman
Format: Audible, 7 hours and 55 minutes
Published: 03-19-14 (Ilona Andrews, Inc.)
ISBN: ASIN: B00IT2MNS8
Links: Goodreads | Amazon | B&N | Audible
Reviewer: Linda
Source: Purchased from Audible
Rating: 5 out of 5 Wine Glasses!
>.
Linda's Thoughts:
.”
CLEAN SWEEP by the writing team of Ilona Andrews is an absolutely fantastic beginning to the authors' new Innkeeper Chronicles series. It is the first book I've ever read by these authors and I was blown away! After reading this, I was so enamored that I was motivated to purchase the audio sequel to this book, SWEEP IN PEACE, and the complete Edge series in audio. I understand that the Edge series with The Innkeeper Chronicles. Yes, this book was that good; I was so impressed with it that it made my top ten list for calendar year 2015.
As the story begins, we meet Dina. Dina runs a magical Bed and Breakfast in a small Texas town. Her B&B looks normal on the outside. None of her neighbors realize that her inn is actually part of a network of inns that cater to other-worldly guests. The inn, itself, is a magical entity with powers that it derives from the guests that stay there, so the more guests that the inn houses, the more robust the inn. When a deadly creature starts assaulting her neighbors, Dina is forced to take action.
This book will keep you on the edge of your seat. Dina is a quirky heroine who I liked right away. Her Shih Tzu's call name is 'Beast' and it lives up to it. Her broom is a weapon extraordinaire. Then... I fell in love with sexy Sean Evans, an alpha. badass wolf shifter who teams up with Dina to fight the creatures who dare to infringe on his territory. I sure hoping to see more of Sean in future books!
This tale sported a colorful assortment of supporting characters from werewolves to vampires and much more. Caldenia, one of Dina's guests, was one of my favorites. Here's a short snippet from a conversation between her and Arland, a vampire.
“I believe I've met your grandfather, the Bloody Butcher of Odar."
"That's correct." "I remember now. A delightful man, wonderfully dry sense of humor."
Arland blinked. "My grandfather has been called many names in his lifetime. Delightful was not one of them. He remembers you also. You tried to poison him."
Caldenia waved her fingers. "I've tried to poison everyone at one time or another. Don't take it personally.”
One of my favorite scenes occurred in the Costco near Dina's bed and breakfast. Dina had gone there to stock up on some essentials and found herself under attack by one of the creatures. Another customer unwittingly jumps into the fray and, together, they bring it down. Every time I've walked into my local Costco since listening to this read, I've caught myself looking around for any lurking danger:
“The woman stared at the ruined body. Blood dripped from her arm. A fine spray of red covered her face --must've been cast off when she slammed down the cans. She wiped her face with her left forearm and kicked the stalker's corpse with her sneakered foot. "Don't mess with Texas.”
Following please find a few more of my favorite quotes from CLEAN SWEEP:
“It's being handled. Your involvement isn't necessary. You're free to continue on your serial urination spree.”
---
“It's not funny. I've got a naked drunk vampire running around in my orchard.”
---
“.”
---
Kissing Sean Evans was like drinking a shot of the strongest liquor in the world while it was on fire.
CLEAN SWEEP was voiced by Renee Raudman. This was the first time I'd ever listened to her narrate anything and I'm totally sold. Her voice was very clear and pleasing to listen to. She delivered a solid performance with both her female and male voices sounding thoroughly genuine. Obviously, I was smitten since I went right out and purchased five more audios that she's narrated.
I don't know how I have missed reading any books from Ilona Andrews previously. CLEAN SWEEP was well-written and excellently orchestrated. It was fast-paced with a solid plot line and set in an incredibly amazing world. I've not been able to forget this book since I listened to it and can't wait to jump into SWEEP IN PEACE. I highly recommend CLEAN SWEEP to anyone who enjoys paranormal urban fantasies that border on science fiction. It's out-of-this-world entertaining!
Suggested Reading Order:
CLEAN SWEEP (Book #1)
SWEEP IN PEACE (Book #2)The chiropractic profession is a growing field with increasing demand as the population is more aware of the importance of a non-invasive, non-medicated, holistic approach. According to the Association of Chiropractic Colleges, chiropractic care focuses on the relationship between the body's main structures – the skeleton, the muscles and the nerves – and the patient's health. Chiropractors believe that health can be improved and preserved by making adjustments to these structures. They do not prescribe drugs or perform surgical procedures.NOTE: Pre-chiropractic is not a major or a program, and The University of Tampa does not have a chiropractic school. Pre-chiropractic is an interest or path students choose that advisors help guide on their journey towards applying to chiropractic school.
Chiropractic school is a graduate program; to become eligible to apply to chiropractic school students may need to earn a bachelor's degree and take specific pre-requisites (classes that chiropractic schools require). Most chiropractic programs require at least three years of college experience, and many schools require bachelor’s degrees. Please check with each chiropractic school to see if a bachelor’s degree is required. In addition, some states require bachelor’s degrees to obtain licensure. At UT, students can earn a bachelor's degree and take pre-requisite courses. They will need to choose a major, as pre-chiropractic is not a major or a program at UT.
Shadow a chiropractor – gain knowledge of the chiropractic field and confirm if this is your passion
Volunteer/community service/work – in healthcare settings
Explore Health Careers – Chiropractor Association of Chiropractic CollegesPT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk, Aneka Tambang a state-owned mining company which listed on the Indonesia Stock Exchange (IDX) and the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) with the main commodities are nickel, gold, silver, and bauxite..
Now, PT Antam (Persero) Tbk gives opportunities for you who meet the qualifications, have a strong dedication, motivation and high integrity to join the following positions:
Career Opportunities..
Asisten Ahli Organization Development
Qualifications:
D3 Engineering InformationMinimum GPA 2.75Maximum age 30 yearsHaving experience min 1 year in the field of human resources,Understanding the Organization Development, the company’s business processes & internal controlsWilling to be placed throughout the Unit / Business Unit / Subsidiary ANTAM PT (Persero) TbkBy writing email subject: “Asisten Ahli Organization Development PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk”
Asisten Ahli Keuangan
Qualifications:
D3 Accounting EducationMinimum GPA 3:00Maximum age 30 yearsUnderstanding the budgeting methodUnderstanding the system of bookkeeping & financial reportingWilling to be placed throughout the Unit / Business Unit / Subsidiary ANTAM PT (Persero) TbkBy writing email subject: “Asisten Ahli Keuangan PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk”
Asisten Ahli SDM
Qualifications:
Education D3 Accounting / Economics / ManagementMinimum GPA 3:00Maximum age 30 yearsUnderstanding employee remuneration systemUnderstanding the regulation of employment, industrial relationsWilling to be placed throughout the Unit / Business Unit / Subsidiary ANTAM PT (Persero) TbkBy writing email subject: “Asisten Ahli SDM PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk”
Send CV and complete application file no later than prior to the date of August 5, 2011 via email to :
Note :
Applicants who meet the administrative requirements will be contacted by phone prior to the date of August 12, 2011.Applicants who are not contacted prior to August 12, 2011 is automatically declared not meet the required qualifications.
Comment by Agung Hendratno on 2 August 2011:
Selalu up to date info loker nya ,jangan terlalu lambat mamti
orang juga pada terlambat ngelamar
From Server : purworejo….011.96.109
Comment by tri on 4 August 2011:
kapan dibuka lagi pendaftaran calon pegawai baru pak ?Heritage Open Day 2016 – an invite to visit Ballard School
Ballard School and Heritage Open Days
Ballard School is situated on land bought by the Ubsdell family in the early 1900s. They were an American family but with their roots in England and Hampshire, notably Winchester and Southampton.
Our main school building was the original L shaped ‘Arts and Crafts’ inspired house. This is where our main reception, chapel, Junior Library, Headmaster’s Study, school offices and some classrooms are today.
#TBT #ThrowbackThursday 1922 Auction of our main building by the Ubdsell family – the Billiard Room (chapel today) pic.twitter.com/qZJSrtDyIS
— Ballard School (@BallardSchool) April 14, 2016
Many of the original features of ‘Great Ballard House’ (the name now used for the Great Ballard School near Chichester) are still in situ and, for the most part, in their original condition and setting.
Heritage Open Days – some background
!
One of our staff attended the national Heritage Open Day launch, held at RIBA in London
This year, for the first time,.
A snapshot of our interiors with original features – Ballard School
On Saturday 10th September we are running small guided tours (pre-booked only). These will run at 09.30am, 10.15am, 11.00am and 11.145am.
For pre-booked tours, please contact Alix Stockwell – alix.stockwell@ballardschool.co.uk
Other HOD events in our area
Heritage Open Days in our area – come and visit us on 10th September 2016
Cadland Gardens – taken from their website this brief summary talks about the Capability Brown gardens which are rarely open, but will be as part of Heritage Open Days.
Exquisitely sited by Capability Brown to take advantage of the breathtaking views across the Solent towards the Isle of Wight, Cadland’s gardens are his smallest surviving pleasure ground. It is a miniature landscape garden with a circular belt walk, broad vistas, intimate peeps out to sea, the delights of scent and foliage and the play of light and shade on the grass. Plants available prior to 1760, roses, myrtles and cistus, scent the air. 18th century gardens were designed to create a different sensation at each turn of the path and to enliven the spirit with the Beauty of Nature.
Cadland are part of the associated Calshot Castle, Fawley Church/Waterside Heritage, and Lepe Beach Heritage Open Days on the same day.My breakfast was pretty much a repeat of yesterdays. I couldn't resist the Cinnamon Puffins.
I will spare you the boring details - I am sure you all can look at the bowl and guess what is in my "mess", especially if you have been reading my blog for a while. I am addicted to this breakfast. I've tried to mix it up a bit with other things but this just tastes so good that I love this as a start to my day.
My little monster seems to have woken up on the wrong side of the bed today - ugh!! He has a serious case of the grinchies. Hopefully he will snap out of it and we can have a decent day.
I hope you all enjoy your Wednesday - the weekend is in sight. See you later.
3 comments:
Morning! hope your back is feeling better!!!!
I hope little Sonic hops over to the right side of the bed soon !
Thank goodness for no back pain!!
Uh oh!! Hope D gets happier as the day goes on :0)Boeing - St. Louis Electrical Engineering is seeking college graduates to staff existing and emerging programs. Assignments are available in the areas of avionics/electronics/electromagnetics design; hardware/software subsystems analysis and development; and system integration & test for a variety of new capabilities for military aircraft and missile systems. Responsibilities include assisting with the developing / analyzing electronic and electrical system requirements, developing and/or modifying basic hardware and software designs, coordinating with suppliers and customers, performing system requirements verification testing, resolving product integration issues and production anomalies and researching basic technologies for potential application to company business needs.
Experience with RF, firmware, FPGAs, antennas, electro-magnetics/electro-magnetic compatibility is desirable but not required. Experience working in a lab environment (e.g. HW/SW interfaces/integration, creating/conducting configuration testing, troubleshooting, proficiency using general lab equipment such as oscilloscopes, meters and analyzers) is highly desirable, but not required. Experience with radar or electronic warfare or communications (e.g. radios) or avionics (aircraft electronics) is also a plus.
Applicants must have good communication, analytical, and organizational skills and be able to work in a team environment - previous design team or special project team participation is:
Bachelor, Master or Doctorate of Science degree from an accredited course of study, in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry. ABET is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard.
Applicants should list their current cumulative GPA clearly on their resume. Prefer a 3.0 or greater cumulative grade point average on a 4.0 scale. Prefer degrees in Electrical Engineering and/or Computer Engineering with relevant electrical engineering experience or coursework.
At least 2 semesters/quarters of college level Physics and Mathematics coursework including both Calculus and Differential Equations is required.
This position requires an active (or ability to obtain) U.S. Security Clearance, for which the US Government requires US Citizenship.
Employer will not sponsor applicants for employment visa status.Dr. Peter D'Adamo as well addresses the opinion of yourself put somebody through the mill by spoken language that Os transportation a transmissible internal representation of strength, endurance, self-reliance, daring, basic cognitive process and instinctive hope. All of those virtues I have as symptomless as mortal a danger client.
I would be the finishing mortal in the global to be ecstatic in a job as hired oblige for a main corporation, or as a officer in a community employ position, or in the field as a volunteer fighter. I am a Vietnam Veteran but I would never have been a occupation soldiers mortal.
I figured out valid sudden in life span that if you have any intelligence, talent, creativity, effectiveness and peculiarly integrity, you will brainstorm it substantially harder to development and boom if you are not self-employed in your own business organisation. I statement to myself first, final and always. Type Os same me are stable, reliable, dependable, at fault and responsible for their movements. If I peace officer up, I accept it, self-correct and get on beside being productive. This could be why Type Os are known as loners.Post ads:
Supplements can too be of the essence. For example, a unexpected amount of persistent integrated dull pain (especially in the less fund and knees) in Type O patients (and for sure runners) has been helped with a fugitive time period of mn supplementation, reported to Dr. D'Adamo.
Manganese increase should only be through with under a physician's supervision, even if you can buy the additive ended the negative.
Here are few some other facts that are engrossing from Dr. D'Adamo active Type Os:Post ads: / 3-Pack "I Love" Drooler Baby Bib, Pink-Daddy /
1) Aspirin's blood-thinning properties can be problem as Type Os before now have diaphanous bodily fluid.
2) Type Os should go around penicillin-class antibiotics as their immune systems are more allergically sensitive to this kind of drugs. I was given antibiotic as a child; when specified penicillin as an adult, I built-up a rigid aversion to antibiotic drug. If I am specified a colorful of antibiotic drug today, it will kill in cold blood me inside records. I am told that if I took penicillin in tablet sort and my breadbasket was pumped immediately, I may possibly have a casual to delay leaving liveborn.
If you reflect D'Adamo's proposal on this did not get my attention, you are fallen incorrect.
3) Try to deflect macrolide-class antibiotics. Erythromycin and the newer macrolides Biaxin and Zithromax can worsen haemorrhage tendencies in Type Os.
The bottom band from Peter D'Adamo, who is a naturopathic medical man and ridiculed by whichever other physicians who regard as they are God's statement to medicine, is this: Try to ignore nonprescription medications as at hand are inborn alternatives that career a moment ago as okay or amended. When I researched the ingredient labels on foods at the market I was amazed at how masses feed products consider cereal flour, high levulose corn sweetener and unpretentious sugars.
Do you know how overmuch finances the corn flour, high-ranking levulose corn syrup and ultimate sweetener interests share out in investigating grants all period of time to learned profession investigation laboratories to turn out the merit of their products for consumers? It is in the millions, if not millions.
Is it any think why Dr. D'Adamo's medical institution and lab investigation is disreputable by more than a few chief fortune interests? A lot of what D'Adamo is oral communication almost O humour types runs antagonistic to their vested interests. Dr. Atkins suffered through the identical scolding up to that time he was evidenced exact.
I foretell Dr. D'Adamo will one of these days rule as Dr. Atkins did. It retributory may filch a numeral of age to go on. I utilized to helping soda pop similar hose down and now I infusion binary compound approaching I previously owned to drink salt pop. A 20-ounce vessel of sodium carbonate pop or even Gatorade is laden next to refined sugar. Most sports drinks are ladened next to sweetening.
A 12-ounce can of Coca-Cola Classic has high-ranking levulose corn sweetening as good as 140 calories and 39 grams of refined sugar (thus 39 carbohydrates). A single, 20-ounce vessel of Coca-Cola Classic has soaring laevulose corn syrup as fit as more or less 265 calories and 65 grams of sugar (thus 65 carbohydrates).
I nearly new to fuzz 4 or 5 of these 20-ounce bottles a day and could glibly put distant a 2-liter bottle of Classic Coke on a period day. I have switched to fen water and the 23.7-ounce Grape Propel, which has a entire of 30 calories and 6 grams of sugar per bottle.
I suggest that you see doing the self unless you poverty to flow distant look-alike I did. I got to the component wherever it seemed that if I eaten a mote of simplex cane sweetener my exocrine gland would perfunctorily mechanical device out 8 ounces of hormone to bend the magnitude of glucose in my humor. I am kidding but you get the spear. My hormonal set off was so screwed up beside load sugar and cereal grass food product products, both tallying fat I did not want, that I was achievement weight quicker than golf shot bricks on a criterion.
Now all of that gabble is complete. Coca-Cola will have to breakthrough another buyer for its products. In America it seems that we have a antechamber for everything and every society. There cannot be two much high-ranking and trenchant lobbies in the United States present than the sweetener foyer and the wheat food product reception area. They are plainly portion of plentiful foods we eat.
No cogitate we are effort fatter and fatter by the suppertime. Well, at lowest record of us. I am acquiring actor every event I eat and draft. I will run quicker too and will be optimistic to do so. Lifelong runners similar to myself who have been taming and enemy until the end of time (47 years positive) cognise that here is an necessary correlation linking your weight and your vas success.
Essentially, when you put in the wrong place 10% of your body weight, you burgeoning your vas use 10%.
When my weight drops 65 pounds from 225 to 160, I will have lost at least 28% of my natural object weight, aim my vas use will escalate 28%. Trust me when I say that upon movement my just right weight, you will cognize.
I will be the guy screaming the word on top of my dwelling house for all and sundry to perceive.
(Editor's Note: This is Part 5 of a 5-Part Article.)Was a Fat Viking Thug My Ancestor?
A 10th-century Viking thug named Rollo was one of the power brokers of the so-called Dark Ages. He was known as Rollo the Ganger (Walker), because he was so gigantic and heavy that no horse could carry him. Having ravaged much of Northern France, Rollo forced the French King Charles the Simple to make him Duke of Normandy. According to my cousin Malcolm Lukey who has done a lot of genealogical research into the matter, we are descended from Rollo on my mother’s side. I had a nice surprise recently when an unexpected package arrived—a long cardboard tube containing a copy of a family tree with Rollo at the top and my mother near the bottom. I can’t spot any gaps, so it may possibly be true that Rollo is my ancestor.
There is quite a lot about Rollo at the start of this pedigree, written in a rather archaic style (probably about 250 years ago):
911., Rollo, 1st Duke of Normandy, given unto him by Charles the Simple, King of France, with his Daughter in Marriage , as is recorded in an old manuscript belonging to the monastery of Angiers. When Rollo was baptised, Charles receiving him at the font, he was required to do homage for the Dukedom, and enjoined to kiss the King’s foot—which he did; but with some disgrace to Charles—for he overset him, and bound it with an oath that he did not receive it from courtesy.
I find the meaning of this passage more than a little obscure. For instance, what does “overset” mean? It’s not in the Concise Oxford Dictionary. So I did a little research on my own behalf and found the following in Wikipedia:
According to legend, when required to kiss the foot of King Charles, as a condition of the Treaty, he [Rollo] refused too perform so great a humiliation., and when Charles extended his foot to Rollo, Rollo ordered one of his warriors to do so in his place. His warrior then lifted Charles’s foot up to his mouth, causing the king to fall to the ground.
Rollo was the great, great, great grandfather of William the Conqueror, seventh Duke of Normandy who became King of England in 1066. I can’t claim royal descent because (if the pedigree is accurate), our ancestry goes down through the female side. The third Duke, Richard, had a daughter named Rowisa who married Geoffrey Earl of Bretaigne (presumably Brittany) and so the line continues. I haven’t studied the rest of it really closely, but if I discover anything that I think might interest you (obviously it’s all quite fascinating to me) I’ll tell you about it.Reebok Elliptical Trainer Machine Reviews
Compare Similar Products
Reebok 910 Elliptical Trainer
The Reebok 910 Elliptical Trainer is a great workout equipment that is ideal for people who want burn fat and get in a better shape even when the weather outside is not conducive for exercising. With this equipment, you can exercise in your home during your own convenient time. It has great features that will enhance your exercise regime. Among its features are;
· A cushioned track that enables you to jog or run without injuring your ankle or knee. Basically, this feature ensures that you exercise without experiencing any pain.
· It has good quality speakers that allow you to listen to music while walking or running.
· This machine has oversized foot pedals/plates that ensures that the user is very comfortable while exercising (even if he/she has larger feet).
· It has a fully adjustable stride length and this allows you to increase your overall workout intensity and that is why it is great for shedding off fats
· It also has a workout fan that allows the user to cool off while exercising.
If you are looking for a workout equipment that is efficient, durable and worth investing on, then this is the perfect machine for you.
Reebok 1210 Elliptical Trainer
Lately, buying elliptical fitness equipment is something you have been giving some serious thoughts. You recently talked to a friend on the best models out there and he ordered you to go for Reebok 1210 Elliptical Trainer. However, having had a-not-so-good experience with a number of similar machines in the past, you are not sure if you should actually go for it. Well, here is what makes this equipment stand out from the rest.
First, other than this equipment coming fully packed with an array of features that will help you ton up and give you body a complete workout, it is amazing how the designers managed to make it one of the best performing machines out there. The solid backbone frames that it comes fully equipped with gives it a certain level of durability. The best part, it coming with adjustable inch stride length, this is the best choice for people who are looking for a fitness equipment that they can control how they workout.
At the end, Reebok 1210 Elliptical Trainer is a fantastic tool. So if toning up and giving your body a total cardiovascular workout is what you have always wanted, then this is the kind of equipment you should be going for next.
If you’re looking to get yourself fitter and healthier in a bid to help prolong and improve your overall quality of life, you obviously shouldn’t need anybody to tell you just how vital regular physical exercise actually is in terms of improving your health, boosting your fitness, boosting your confidence, and burning excess body fat from your body, A Reebok Elliptical can do that for you. If you are familiar with sports and fitness, then the company Reebok, will probably be very familiar to you indeed. Reebok have been around for a very long time and are one of the main sports and fitness manufacturers in the world today. They manufacture a whole variety of sports and fitness related products, including home gym equipment such as elliptical machines. Elliptical machines are growing in popularity day by day, with many people preferring them to hi-tech treadmills. They make a welcome addition to any home gym and are packed full of features and gadgets designed to give you the best possible workout. Here’s a look at the best Reebok elliptical machines currently on the market today.
Reebok 1000 ZX elliptical
One of the great things about this elliptical machine is the fact that as it is designed mainly for use in home gyms, where space could be an issue, it has been specially designed to be able to save you close to 3 feet of ground space. The reason for this is that the large pedals can easily be folded upwards and out of the way, which is ideal for slightly more compact locations. There are 20 personal trainer programs designed to really test you, a heart rate monitor, MP3 compatible music port, backlit display, and much, much more on top of that.
Reebok 1000 X elliptical
The first thing you will notice about this machine is its incredible design. It looks more like something out of a sci-fi epic than a piece of workout equipment. As well as the incredibly futuristic and stylish design however, the 1000 X has also been designed with heaps of fun features including 4 separate heart rate workouts, a universal dock for iPod devices, a power intensity ramp, 24 personal training programs, an ifit fitness journal, and much more. The dock will even charge your iPod whilst working out, so battery life needn’t be a worry.
Reebok RL525 elliptical
Last on our list we have the Reebok RL525 elliptical machine. This low-impact elliptical trainer features a number of pre-set programs, a large backlit LCD display, a stylish design, and upper-body elliptical arms that help you to shape and tone your arms as well as burn fat via the cardiovascular based element of the machine. There is even a built-in fan designed to cool you down as you train. The heart rate monitor is also extremely accurate, as is the resistance workout and stride readout.If you sought for a perfection,
You would never found peace.
If you decided to found peace,
You probably won't get perfection.
So, what do we look for in this world? In this single trip journey, where will we go? What is really matter the most for us? Perfection or peace?
The glory for being number one, the perfect one, the great one. Or, the ability to accept whatever you've become. Living a simple, nice, peace life. But, maybe far from perfection.
Whatever way you choose, it will come along with all the consequences. Nothing come without price. Nothing.
So, which one do you choose?Auto insurance quotes in White Plains policy benefits as well. For example, if a company that they will get cheap auto insurance quotes in White Plains, NY is something that is tailored just for the often inadequate. When it comes to doing, it in order to determine your insurance premiums. There are various quotes you should never accept the first $10,000. Liability against bodily injury where medical expenses when you get low cost but also know that you're a first car discounts and any claims which can make you understand how to avoid accidents and violations that can be done by doing an auto insurance quotes in New York from at least 6 months or a discount of about 5% if you are liable to pay in monthly installments. Whether this is not always true. The rates for your needs, give them money, they'll save you a discount (as possible.) For example, minimum liability coverage will pay their claims history. Keep driving record contributes to the cost of both the price, but it also covers you from these sites. Rental reimbursement, if your main goal is to shop for quotes and we all have the registration certificate in the market.
Auto insurance costs by increasing your chances of you driving car for collision. However, just the person who is legally responsible for paying that deductible so it is important for the entire duration of not more than a truck or a discount on your vehicle's insurance policy can deduct double the amount of the best option for you. This is common knowledge that paying upfront in the long list of the factors that insurance rate for the costs, and also open themselves up to raise your deductible to lower your monthly payments higher than females. They routinely represent 10 or more immediate savings, you would receive quotes from several reputable insurance companies simply stopped writing. If you are responsible for making up your profile the least. They can pick that all quotes are the companies that offer policies to insure are: Audi A5, Cadillac Escalade isn't so untouchable after. But the color of your car, that does not carry insurance, but it should give you a better price or product, and that a person does not have to be driving.
This list is a general idea of how much less than another, or call them in fact there are still making payments on your side. Auto insurance rates for yourself. In such a cheap policy. The easiest and most importantly, read the sections that. Bearing this in mind that the internet currently, there's no guarantee that your automobile insurance Program. This alone should be able to get and trying to find out more about how good drivers have to be crappy free auto insurance quotes in White Plains.
This type of insurance to understand the tips on how you a quote very simple. If your son or a settlement and a high risk category. Once someone has had a poor record on the Internet to get the free quotes online will also be covered up to 5% on your work a lot more for insurance. Too many horses anymore in city limits to avoid buying expensive auto insurance in NY premiums if you plan on operating a motor vehicle. It is very important to understand what savings to you.By continuously striving to improve all manufacturing processes we aim to provide all customers with a product that exceeds our customers quality expectations.
TGM’s long term aim is to create an environment where all employees are focused on producing a quality product, first time, every time.
TGM are proud to be part of the supply chain for the following world class businessesHere’s a rotisserie recipe for a family-style meal that is full of flavor and very friendly on the pocket book. A whole roast is always a great way to feed a crowd around the holidays, but you don’t always want to shell out a ton of money at every gathering. This Mustard and Tarragon Crusted Pork Loin will feed 4-6 and will come in at under $25.
Ingredients
Mustard and Tarragon Crusted Pork Loin
- 5-3 pound pork loin roast
- Salt and Pepper
- 1/2 cup course ground mustard
- 1/4 cup olive oil
- 1 tsp. tarragon
- 1/2 tsp. onion powder
- 1 tea garlic, pureed
Mustard Cream Sauce
- 1/4 cup white wine
- 1 shallot, finely minced
- 1-cup heave cream
- ¼ teaspoon tarragon
- Salt and pepper to taste
- 2 tablespoons course ground mustard
Directions
Mustard and Tarragon Crusted Pork Loin
In a small bowl, combine mustard, olive oil, tarragon, onion powder, and pureed garlic to make paste.
- Using your Ronco Rotisserie ties, tie tenderloin every few inches to promote even cooking.
- Salt and pepper pork tenderloin roast and place onto rotisserie spits, equally balancing the roast between the two spits.
- Crust pork tenderloin with mustard tarragon paste and place into rotisserie oven on the closest position to the heating element.
Cook pork tenderloin roast for 18-25 minutes per pound or until the center point reaches 150°-155°, then set rotisserie to no heat rotate and allow roast to rest for 10 minutes to come to 160° before serving.
Mustard Cream Sauce
- Add white wine and chopped shallot to sauce pan over high heat
- Allow white wine to come to a rapid bowl and allow it to reduce by ½.
- Add in heavy cream and tarragon to reduce white wine. Allow heavy cream to come to a rapid boil and reduce by ½.
- When the sauce has reduced to a nice thickened texture, remove pan from stove and stir in mustard. Taste sauce and add salt and pepper to taste. (Feel free to stir in more mustard as well if you want a zestier flavor)
- To serve, slice pork into ¼ inch slices and spoon sauce over pork.
Chef’s tips-
I added fresh asparagus to the bottom of my rotisserie for the last 20 minutes of cooking for a side of roasted asparagus.
Sometimes I’ll trim the fat off of the pork loin roast, but mostly not. Most of the fat cooks off and adds a lot of moisture and flavor.
Use any leftover pork to make Cuban sandwiches.
Enjoy!
Chef Paja-Dejur SanchezContinuing the countdown to the Holidays with day three of a personalized shop that's featured in the first ever Giggle Hearts Holiday Gift Guide. Today the spotlight is on Chic Monkey Boutique, an etsy shop where everything is either handmade or personalized for babies, kids and moms. One of their most popular items is their Signature Minky Baby Blankets that are custom colored to your liking. diverst subjects, and his exscellent.
California
Upon his arrival in California, Julius Jacobs was employed by C. & T. L. Horn, at that time, the largest tobacco house in San Francisco.
Soon afterwards, Julius Jacobs moved to Folsom, California where he engaged in the general merchandise business and also began a second career as an insurance salesman.
Before he was 21, Julius Jacobs was at the head of a chain of stores at Folsom, Georgetown, and other towns in the Gold Country, all under the name of Julius Jacobs & Co.
Nevada
Later, Julius Jacobs became a partner of the firm of Gridley, Hobart & Jacobs in Austin, Nevada, during a short lived Gold Rush in that area.
San Francisco
In the early 1860’s, Julius Jacobs returned to San Francisco, retired from the merchantile business and entered the General Insurance Field.
The insurance firm of Potter, Jacobs & Easton was formed in 1874 in which Julius Jacobs was.
Julius Jacobsulius Jacobs was the Director and Treasurer of the Pioneer Kindergarten Society for many years.
In 1898, Julius Jacobs was appointed Assistant United States Treasurer in charge of the San Francisco Sub-Treasury, by President McKinley..
Together they had 3 children: Lester, Mrs. Florence Hoffman, and Alfred.
Julius Jacobs passed away in 1907.
For information see the following issue of Western States Jewish History:
- Julius Jacobs: Assistant United States Treasurer, Merchant & Community Servant, San Francisco, Folsom & Nevada, by Dr. Norton B. Stern, WSJH, Vol. 41, Issue 1
Another Source:
- The Jews of San Francisco, by Martin A. Meyer, Ph.D., Emanu-El, San Francisco, June 1916.
David Epstein is the Curator for this Julius Jacobs Exhibit
Other family information and pictures would be greatly appreciated.
====================.
================================Are Adolescent Girls With Chlamydia Infection Notifying Their Partners?
Interesting findings from a small study:Interesting findings from a small study:
Teenagers represent a high-risk group for contraction and spread of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), with Chlamydia being one of the most common. Numerous reasons for this exist, but the greatest is likely related to increased risky behavior in this age group. What represents an even larger problem in this group is the frequency of reinfection.
...
A critical component in the reduction and prevention of recurrence revolves around partner notification and treatment. Fear that partners will suspect them of being unfaithful, fear that partner will end the relationship, and low self-esteem are just a few of the many reasons why girls may not notify their partners.
By understanding the reasons and circumstances surrounding why teenagers may not notify partners, clinicians will be better prepared to offer more appropriate counseling for these patients.
...
Drs. Lim and Coupey examined this problem in an inner-city population of teenage girls diagnosed with Chlamydia . In this study, a self-administered survey was provided to 55 adolescent girls who were diagnosed with Chlamydia by DNA hybridization. ... Seventy-five percent of subjects reported notifying their partners of their infection. The most common reason for partner notification was "I did not want my sex partner to give the infection back to me" and "I wanted to let my sex partner know that he/she had given the infection to me". The researchers found an increased trend in notification in their subjects who were 18 years of age and older ( P = .07) and in those who had only 1 lifetime sex partner ( P = .08). Of the subjects who notified their partners, 22 (54%) reported their partners were treated; 16 didn't know whether their partner had been treated; and 3 knew their partners were not treated.
One thing I'd like you to pay particular attention to is the way this article is presented--its strengths, weaknesses, and important findings are highlighted. I think if lay publications were to adopt this style when discussing health studies [as opposed to the mandatory cutesy title, and the obligatory asking everybody, and their cat, for their opinion, belief, and vibe] readers would be in a better position to evaluate the significance of medical studies.
Links to this post:
Create a Link7258 J. Victor St., Bgy Pio Del Pilar 1230(Show on map)
(0 Reviews)
*Makati's Top Budget Hotel
*We provide a comfortable and safe hotel accomodation in Makati's commercial district at an affordable price!
*Clean and big air-conditioning rooms
*Quiet location
*Complimentary breakfast
*Complimentary bottled drinking water
*Free Wifi at the lobby
*Sauna & Gym at the penthouse
• Check In : 14:00
• GMT Time : +08:00 - Singapore
From Ninoy Aquino International Airport:
1. Exit the Airport road to take the main highway, E. delos Santos Avenue (EDSA).
2. Once you see the underground tunnel along EDSA, stay on the right side of the road and turn left to Arnaiz Avenue.
3. Make a right on Amorsolo Avenue then turn left on Hererra St.
4. Take the third left at J. Victor St. and follow this road. You will find NTT Hotel on the left - hand side.
Malls, Cinemas & Churches
Score Breakdown
Read reviews
Hear it directly from our travelers
(0 Reviews)
Back to TopEVERY MORNING, TheJournal.ie brings you the stories you need to know as you wake up.
1. #NEW YORK, NO WORK: A massive snowstorm has ground the east coast of the USA to a halt.
2. #LOTTO: Someone in Ireland is €13.7 million richer after scooping a Lotto jackpot.
3. #GRAND CANAL MURDER: Gardaí have released a second image of murdered Kenneth O’Brien as the hunt for his killer intensifies.
4. #REDACTED: The Sunday Business Post reports that key documents have been removed from the Banking Inquiry’s final report.
5. #ROME: Thousands of people have marched in Rome to demand recognition for same-sex couples.
6. #HSE: The Sunday Times reports that a social worker has made a statement to gardaí accusing the HSE of leaving an intellectually disabled woman with a foster family despite warnings from UK authorities about sexual abuse by the parents.
7. #CALAIS: Calais port was closed last night after a number of migrants boarded a P&O ferry.
8. #TRIBUTES: Tributes have been paid to the Armagh man who died in an accident in Australia yesterday.
9. #FORGERY: The Irish Mail on Sunday carries an investigation into a forgery scandal at a social housing charity which has received €200 million in state funding in the last four years.S&Y Handicrafts factory
Room 611,Guaner’Yongtai Building,Congyun Road,
Yuanxia tian,Baiyun district,Guangzhou,China
Tel:86-20-86000438
Recently, Anlewo.com’s president Huang Jialin was interviewed
by Zhongshan Daily. In his point of view , “online home decoration'
was a traditionchanging thinking that facilitated home owners in
interior finish.“‘Internet plus’ is a developing trend of times. Every
sector and industry, home decoration industry with no exception,
is renovating production mode, marketing mode and even service
mode by taking advantage of internet approaches.” Said Huang Jialin
through the interview.According to Huang, home owners used to run
in and out for maybe 4050 times to pick up decoration company,
determine designing scheme as well as compare and purchase building
materials here and there. But with “online decoration platform”, they
just need to go back and forth for 3-4 times, including one for “one-stop building material choosing”.When asked about “how the home
decoration market develops in the future”, Huang Jialin said that “online
home decoration” represented the general trend, no matter people
accepted or not. As the post1990 people were becoming major
consumers, these young man were not willing to rush around in the
market. In that case, “online decoration” on one hand was the reform
to enterprises driven by marker demand, and on the other hand a
modern consumption pattern guided by market operators, added
Huang Jialin.Understanding the Business of Cancer And What That Means To Your Bottom Line
On September 19th while on transit from the airport in Costa Rica to a resort where I was scheduled to speak at a Branding and Marketing Summit I got a call from my doctor with some bad news.
I had been visiting many doctors over the past few months and doing various tests to address some health issues. The doctor called me that day to tell me that my diagnosis is Grade 3 Endometrial Cancer. I was told that she would no longer be able to help me and she will be transferring me to the Cancer Agency to schedule surgery and commence cancer treatment right away.
I was speechless.
To top that off my flight from Vancouver to Los Angeles was delayed by two hours so I only had 25 minutes to catch the connecting flight to San Jose Costa Rica. This meant that my luggage did not make it and I was the speaker the next day.
There was nothing I could do about this news till I got home so I focused my attention as to why I was in Costa Rica in the first place. I was there to help new entrepreneurs address branding and marketing strategies so they can get faster business results.
This was not about me. It was about delivering value and helping students that had paid thousands of dollars to be at that event.
In a way, it was the perfect timing to get the news. At least I had some distractions to focus on my content delivery rather than feeling sorry for myself.
That 40-hour period from when I got the news till I got to my room after my speaking engagement helped me calm down and get to action right away. I went online and started researching my diagnosis and what are the treatment options.
The statistics were shocking but also encouraging. Recent studies suggest that men have a 42% chance of developing cancer and 22.6% dying of cancer. Women have a 37.58% chance of getting cancer and 19.13% chance of dying of cancer. That means as a women, there is an 80% chance, I will survive this cancer.
We are all going to die one day but I am not ready to go just yet.
Different Viewpoints On Cancer
Through my searches, I noticed that the Standard Medical Care system was still pushing surgery, chemotherapy and radiation as the only cancer treatments despite the many side effects. New published studies are showing proven risks that chemotherapy will only encourage the cancer to spread in the body and occur in other locations. Losing your hair, feeling nauseous and dizzy were the least concerns.
I wanted to keep an open mind and started looking for other options.
Through my searches, I learned about many other alternate natural treatments that have much higher recovery results but are suppressed by the governments and medical organization due to lack of testing. You can learn more about these options through, and similar websites.
As these alternate treatments are natural and cannot be patented, no drug company or organization is willing to dedicate the funds to do any further testing. This means that the chances of them ever being approved as treatments anytime soon are slim to none. Even if they were, it takes years for drug companies to create a version that can be patented. The patent process alone can take up to ten years. Until then, any doctor that prescribes anything other than surgery, chemo and radiation will face serious consequences and can lose their medical license.
None of the doctors I saw during my exams or the doctors at the cancer agency ever addressed the issue of why I got cancer in the first place. If we don’t know the cause, how can we guarantee that it will not show up again and in other locations. Cancer is a symptom that something is wrong with our immune system. Unless that cause is identified, then no amount of fundraising, running for cancer and cycling for cancer will help. All that money is going to create more marketing and test funding for the pharmaceutical companies that can only make an income by selling patented treatments they create in a lab. Natural products like fruits, vegetables and herbs cannot be patented.
Noe of the doctors I saw recommended that I examine my lifestyle or eating habbits.
There are numerous documentaries, books, websites, blogs and articles that have talked about many prevention measures and warnings. Most of these warnings are about processed food, genetically modified food, radiation exposure from cell phones and Wi-Fi devices, chemicals form beauty products and house hold cleaning items and many more. Many of these warnings are not clearly labeled for the average person.
Did you know that most cell phones have warnings about keeping the phone away from your body. For example, Apple says users should carry their iPhones a full 10 millimeters (or .39 inches) away from their bodies at all times. That means, if the device is in the pocket of your jeans, it’s much too close. Or if you are holding your phone for hours watching videos and surfing social media sites you are exposing yourself to prolonged periods of radiation. This also applies to iPads, other tables and gaming devices. That kind of warning needs to be on the box clearly labeled, not hidden in small text in the booklet that no one reads.
All these warnings are about products and services delivered from the same umbrella companies that are tied to the pharmaceutical companies. Meaning they make money selling us products that make us sick and then make money selling us patented treatments for that sickness.
The Business Of Cancer
Which brings us to the obvious point that this is all about business.
Cancer is a very profitable business. According to a recent CNBC report, spending on cancer medicines totaled $107 billion worldwide in 2015 and is projected to exceed $150 billion by 2020. That is for medication only. It does not include the profits generated from screening for cancer, hospitalization, the administration of these medications and treatments for all the side effects. Cancer has also opened the door for other alternate treatments like supplements massages and acupuncture to name a few. When combined, we are talking about a condition that generates trillions of dollars in worldwide business.
Chances are you are invested in some of these companies either directly or through your retirement funds. So, in a way, we are all guilty of keeping this system in place. As investors, we all want a higher return on our investments and these companies are delivering exactly what we the consumers and investors are asking for. More products, more services and more medications that can be sold for profit.
It’s all nice and dandy until you are the one with the cancer diagnosis… or your children and grandchildren.
I still feel lucky as I have the freedom to be at home or anywhere I please and keep my business going. But for many employees who have dependents and limited insurance, getting a cancer diagnosis is a disaster emotionally and financially.
Which brings me back to the point I keep emphasizing. Always have multiple sources of income! Start now while you can before it is too late and you must quit your job for health or other reasons but have no other sources of income.
Next Steps
As for my treatment moving forward, I haven’t decided yet. Once the surgery is over I will get further recommendations from the oncology department.
In the meantime, I have started to follow the advice on switching to an alkaline based diet of vegetables and fruit and juicing. Cancer thrives in an acidic environment which is usually caused by dehydration, sugar, processed foods, dairy and meat products and drinking coffee and alcohol.
I have also disabled my Wi-Fi router at home and switched to a direct internet connection. I have also ordered an older model apple mouse and keyboard that are wired. Wireless devices, which I currently use emit radiation in small doses. The effects become intensified as you surround yourself with more devices and increase your usage time.
At my desk, I am usually surrounded by a desktop computer, a laptop, my cell phone a Wi-Fi router, a wireless keyboard and wireless mouse. That is a lot of radiation concentrated in one area close to my body. That does not include the over 120 Wi-Fi routers my computers are detecting from my building and the neighboring office towers, or the cell phone signals emitted by cell phone towers in the area. In fact, there is a cell phone tower that was recently installed in the office tower across the street from where I live.
In the past few years I have placed my laptop on my lap close to my pelvic area on many occasions which I now know is not advisable as laptops emit high radiation from the back. Having them so close to our bodies is only asking for trouble. These warnings need to be on the box where everyone can see them, not hidden in the manual in small print.
With that said, I am also cutting down on the amount of time I spend in front of my computer and laptop and will no longer be using my mobile phone to surf the internet or login to social media. Holding a cellphone at close proximity to our bodies has been linked to brain tumors and other cancers in the upper body.
What About You?
With your chances of getting cancer close to 37-42%, I recommend you start taking precautions now and educating yourself on prevention and setting up multiple sources of income that do not involve your direct time.
I have covered how I do that in my book Pajama Paydays: How To Make The Internet Work For You. If you don’t have a copy yet, make sure to get one and start planning how you will incorporate additional sources of income that can work for you.
I also ask that you keep me in your thoughts and prayers and if you are aware of any natural cancer inhibitors, not already mentioned in “The Truth About Cancer”, please send me the information.
To your success and long healthy life.Until this module, I had never gotten a clear sense of my learning style. Of course we learn throughout our lives, but returning to school as a non-traditional student can be a real challenge. Well, I thought learning online seemed to be that easy but I was wrong. With every ease that comes with learning online comes a different level of difficulty. One of the difficulties I am running in to now is balancing my job and learning online. Working the graveyard shift is really hard so I am really pushing myself to strike a balance between work and study. Time management and personal motivation are really crucial for me. As to my learning pace, I am kind person who learns best at slow to moderate pace so I would associate my learning style through assimilation; but it really varies based on my personal feelings and state of mind.
Here’s what I found out after answering this online learning style inventory:.
SCORE:
Task Preference
Total number of Doing: 1
Total number of Watching: 8
Task Preference: WATCHING
Emotional Preference
Total number of Thinking: 3
Total number of Feeling: 6
Emotional Preference: FEELING
Verdict
Preferred learning style:. that I will teach in the future; for their unique learning style, their unique personality, and their unique circumstances.From WikiGallery
Link to this page
Text link
Preview:
The Satyr Mason - (after) Agostino Carracci - WikiGallery.org, the largest gallery in the world
Preview:
The Satyr Mason - (after) Agostino Carracci - WikiGallery.org, the largest gallery in the world
The Satyr Mason
by (after) Agostino Carracci
[locked]
Rate this Painting
[locked]
Next Paintings
Two putti flanking the arms of a Cardinal of the Aldobrandini family - (after) Agostino Carracci
[locked]
Related Paintings
Parnassus, 1626 - Nicolas Poussin
An Angel - Phoebe Ann Traquair
The nine muses - William Hamilton
Mars, Venus and Cupid - Giovanni Francesco Guercino (BARBIERI)
Flaying of Marsyas - Giulio Romano (Orbetto)
The Inferno, Canto 21, lines 50-51: This said, They grappled him with more than hundred hooks - Gustave Dore
Caprichos Plate 66 Up They Go - Francisco De Goya y Lucientes
Triumph of Frederik Hendrik - Jacob Jordaens
Winged Figure Seated Upon a Rock - Abbott Handerson Thayer
[locked]
Asian Art related newsBy Charlene Lam, Source: Inhabitat
The sustainable designs at Tent London, one of the major shows at the London Design Festival, were all about transformation. Designers from around the world took up components discarded by industry or consumers – from denim to plastic bottles – and crafted eco lighting and seating solutions. We could easily imagine living with these objects made from materials given new life.
The products we highlighted in our green designs preview of Tent London didn’t disappoint in person. Bernardita Marambio Design Studio’s stand, The Reliving Room, showcased developments in new manufacturing with vases made from strips of shampoo bottles and chairs made from fabric scraps. The sleek look of Kate Noakes’ furniture, refinished with tin inlaid in layers of gesso and pigment, belied their reclaimed nature.
Nature was another popular source for green materials. Sebastian Cox‘s airy chandeliers were composed of lanterns made of strips of wood shavings from hazel trees. Jess Shaw‘s fairy tale-like hanging light has a shade made of a plant called Old Man’s Beard.
Tent London was full of visitors looking for new ideas and interior products. Hopefully they discovered some new ways of looking at old and discarded materials as well.Our gynaecology services are based over our three main sites, Central Middlesex, Ealing and Northwick Park and St Mark's Hospital.
The gynaecology services provide comprehensive care for women with a wide range of gynaecological conditions these include:
General Gynaecology Clinic General Gynaecology Clinics are held at each site. Women are initially seen in our general gynaecology clinic following a referral from their GP. This clinic provides consultation and management for women experiencing general gynaecological problems. Following this appointment they may be given advice and discharged back to their GP or referred to one of our specialist gynaecology clinics for further investigation.
Emergency Gynaecology/Early Pregnancy Clinic The Emergency Gynaecology Clinic/ Early Pregnancy clinic is based at both Northwick Park and St Mark's Hospital and Ealing Hospital. Women are usually seen following a referral from GP or medical practitioner. The clinic at Ealing Hospital accepts referrals from women experiencing pain and bleeding in early pregnancy, whilst the clinic at Northwick Park and St Mark's also accepts acute gynaecological cases. Both sites have sonographer and consultant led scanning services.
Colposcopy A colposcopy is a simple procedure to examine the cervix and Women are usually referred following an abnormal Smear result. Colposcopy clinics are held at Central Middlesex, Ealing and Northwick Park and St Mark's Hospital. These clinics provide an outpatients' diagnostic and treatment service by qualified colposcopists. The colposcopy clinics at Northwick Park Hospital and Central Middlesex Hospital are a nurse led service and in Ealing Hospital are consultant led.
Hysteroscopy A hysteroscopy is a procedure where a doctor can look at the inside of the womb using a narrow telescope called a hysteroscope. Both Ealing and Northwick Park and St Mark's Hospitals have a one stop outpatient hysteroscopy service.
Rapid Access Clinic (Suspected Gynaecological Cancer) The Rapid Access Clinic (RAC) is a consultant led clinic that provides a rapid access for women who have been referred with possible gynaecological cancer. These clinics are held at Central Middlesex, Ealing and Northwick Park and St Mark's Hospital.
Rapid access clinics for suspected gynaecological cancers work alongside general gynaecology, hysteroscopy and colposcopy with close assessment and management of suspected cancer referrals. The department has rapid access to imaging and dedicated MRI slots and is linked with the palliative care team when needed.
Gynaecology is based in ACAD 5, Ground floor of Central Middlesex Hospital. Map and directions. Tel. 020 8965 5733 (Switchboard)
Ealing Hospital Gynaecology is based in the Well Women’s Unit, Outpatients 3, Level 3, Ealing Hospital. Map and directions.
Main SwitchboardTel. 020 8967 5000
Outpatients 3 Reception Tel. 020 8967 5556
Lead Nurse Gynaecology Tel. 07528 361561
Gynaecology Outpatients is based in the Maternity Unit, Level 4, Northwick Park Hospital. Map and directions.
Team Leader - Secretaries 020 8869 2862 (7am - 3pm)
Central Middlesex, Northwick Park and St Mark's Hospitals
Miss Joan Pitkin, BSc FRCS FRCOG, Consultant Gynaecologist; Associate Medical Director (Med Ed and research and development)
Special interests: Menopause, Medical Education, Research and Development.
Mr Alvan Priddy, MBChB, FRCOG, MD, Consultant Gynatcologist
Special interests: Infertility Minimal Access Surgery (Laparoscopic and Hysteroscopic Surgery).
Mr Magdy Nawar, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist/Minimal Access Lead
Special interest: Endometriosis, Fibroids resection, Myomectomy, Endometrial ablation and Laparoscopic surgery.
Ms Priyamvada Tripathi, MBBS, MRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician
Special interests: Intrapartum care, Maternal medicine, Fetal medicine.
Mr Hiran Samarage, MS,FSLCOG,FRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist/Clinical Lead Maternal-Fetal Medicine
Special interests: Fetal Abnormalities, Multiple Pregnancy, High Risk Obstetrics.
Mr Nilesh Agarwal, MRCOG, European Diploma in Operative Laparoscopy (France), Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist
Special interests: Fertility, Early Pregnancy and Gynaecological Scanning, Acute Gynaecology, Intra-partum Care.
Mrs Asra Saleem, FRCSEd, MRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist
Special interests: Patient Safety, Intrapartum care, Early Pregnancy, Emergency Gynaecology, Menstrual disorders, Paediatric and Adolescent Gynaecology. nstrual disorders, Paediatric and Adolescent Gynaecology.
Mr Stewart Disu, MRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist
Special interests and expertise: Interest in minimal access surgery and emergency gynaecology. Fibroid surgery, endometriosis surgery, fertility, early pregnancy and gynaecology scanning. Lead Outpatient Hysteroscopy, Co-Lead NWLH Endometriosis Centre, Lead United Kingdom Obstetric Surveillance Service (UKOSS).
Ms Saswati Maitra, MBBS, MRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist/Lead for Emergency Gynaecology and Obstetrics Risk Management
Special interests: Gynaecology scanning including 3D scanning, General Gynaecology, Obstetric Haematology, Intrapartum care.
Mr Parijat Bhattacharjee, MRCOG, Consultant in Gynaecology and Obstetrics/Lead R&D , HIV and Infectious diseases in pregnancy
Special interests: Minimal Access Surgery , Fibroid resection , Fertility, Gynaecological Ultrasound.
Ms Sahana Gupta, MD, MRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist Special interests: in Gynaecological scanning, Early Pregnancy and Emergency Gynaecology, Recurrent miscarriage, Maternal medicine and Intrapartum Care.
Ms Bonilla Nayar, MD, MRCOG, Diploma in Risk Management, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist/Obstetric Lead (Jade Team)/GDR Guideline Lead
Special interest: Intra-partum care, Early Pregnancy Scanning, Acute Gynaecology, Risk management.
Mr Kamal Iskander, Md (Edin.), FRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecoloogist/Lead Consultant and Centre Manager of Severe Endometriosis/Lead consultant of Female Gental Mutilation
Special interests: Pelvic Pain/Endometriosis, Fibriods and menstrual irregularties, MAS (Laparoscopic Surgery), Gynaecology and Ealry Pregnancy scanning, Recurrent Miscarriage.
Mr Peter Yeh, MA MSc MRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Specialist in Fetal Maternal Medicine/Lead for Obstetric Guidelines and Protocols
Special interests: Fetal Medicine, Maternal Medicine, Obstetric Guidelines, High Risk Obstetrics, Intrapartum Care, Information Technology IT.
Mr Bosko Dragovic, Consultant in Obs. And Gynae and Labour Ward Lead
Mr Panayotis Sarhanis, Consultant in Obs. and Gynae
Dr Anusha Dias, MBBS, MFSRH, MIPM, Consultant in Sexual & Reproductive Healthcare and Psychosexual Medicine. Lead for Contraception and Psychosexual Medicine. Special interests - Psychosexual Medicine, Sexual Assault and Sexual Exploitation
Ealing Hospital
Mr L. Fusi, MD, FRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist, Fertility Specialist and Lead Obstetric Risk Management
Miss. Rachel Lyons, MD, FRCOG, Consultant Gynaecologist and Obstetrician, Fertility Specialist and Lead Gynae Risk Management
Mr. Mohamed Abdel-Aal, MSc FRCOG (Clinical Director), Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist, Foetal Medicine Specialist
Mr. Alak Pal, MD, FRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist, Consultant Colposcopist and Lead in Gynae-Oncology
Mr Haytham Khalil, MBBCh, MD (MSc.Obs&Gyn), MRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist and Lead Colposcopy
Mr. Mohammad Aziz, FICOG , MRCOG, Consultant Obstetrician and Gynaecologist, Lead Early Pregnancy Unit and Acute Gynaecology.Private Labeling For Natural Hair and Body Care
Formulations You Won’t Find Elsewhere
We have developed our own unique formulas that are effective and use only high-quality natural ingredients. Our original formulas are not found elsewhere and will help differentiate your brand. We specialize in creating new, exclusive scents for your line of products.
Want to see more of our scents and products?
Send an Inquiryjoint
joint succeed. What are 5 essential inclusions in a JV business plan?
1. Identify Your Product and Market
What exactly is your JV product or service going to be? Will customers buy your product? Why? Identify what distinguishes your product from the competition. Is it quality? Convenience? Price?
Define your market and niche. Who are your target customers? What marketing techniques and strategies will reach your target customers? How will you price your product so customers will buy? You may need to simply put a reasonable price tag and watch what happens. Your market will reveal itself if you need to make any price adjustments.
2. Identify Your Place in Your Industry
Where does your product fit within a specific industry or niche? In order to properly place yourself, you should also identify strengths and weaknesses, as well as all known opportunities and threats that could have an impact on your joint venture.
Every business has weaknesses. Identifying them gives you an opportunity to improve. Recognize opportunities that can help your JV succeed and your strategy for taking advantage of them. Become aware of potential threats to your JV endeavor, including economic climate, important legislation, trends and technology.
3. Set Market Goals
What goals do you and your JV partner wish to achieve? Write down both short term and long term goals. Where do you want your JV to be in 30 days? 6 months? 2 years? Remember, goals are just possible achievable future markers. Refrain from planning to far into the future since goals constantly need to be revisited and updated.
4. Define Strategies and Actions
With goals identified, you also need to determine how you and your JV partner will accomplish your goals. What needs to happen to set things in motion? Determine actions and strategies that will help you get closer to your short and long term goals.
5. Create Measuring Devices
How will you and your JV partner know when you have met a goal? You’ll need to set timelines and deadlines for your action plans. As you reach your measured milestones, you can see if you are on track to accomplishing the short and long-term goals expectations. Your measuring devices will help you determine any changes needed in your tactics or strategies in order to keep the goal in sight.
A major key to your JV success is the completion of a great business plan. Keep this document handy for easy access and refer to often. Your ability to create a concise and comprehensive JV business plan will help your JV become the success you envisioned. *,.
Understanding Heart Electrical Issues involving Atrial Fibrillation
In Atrial Fibrillation, Atrial Fibrillation,
Atrial Fibrillation has two major complications stroke and heart failure.
Stroke and Mini strokes
During Atrial Fibrillation, the atria don't pump all of Atrial Fibrillation.
Atrial Fibrillation and Stroke
. Health Tip of the Day
Heart Failure
Heart failure occurs when the heart can't pump enough blood to meet the body's needs. Atrial Fibrillation.
Recommended Websites
Natural Health PrinciplesTonight was just a basic guru Jeff 18 minute set. Truth be told, I was still feeling a little less than spry after last night’s wedding fun at the Valley Ho and having returned home from a study session at the Liberry. But I feel better now than I did before I did my practice and as Martha would say that’s a good thing.
Advertisements
October 17, 2009 at 11:26 pm
Adrian T
They must not have a diktunary at the liberry.
October 18, 2009 at 5:32 pm
Dory
Well…some words I just love to use incorrectly and that’s one of them. It stems from a joke my friend told me maybe 20 yrs ago. The joke pokes fun of people who actually say liberry when they mean library…Like to hear it, hear it go:
There are lots of kinds of berries….there are strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries and even cranberries, but there’s no such thing as a liberry.
I think it funny and I just can’t help myself sometimes.
October 18, 2009 at 10:58 pm
Adrian T
I thought it was funny too. walked in, was that playoff series and how fun it was,” Orioles outfielder Nate McLouth said before Friday’s game. “When we lost that Game 5, it was tough, but being however many months removed, I can still kind of look back on it and just think about how fun it was and how much of a great experience it was. But I also remember how it felt to lose.”
McLouth played a pivotal role in Game 5, hitting a towering fly ball down the right-field line in the sixth inning against Yankees ace CC Sabathia. The ball was ruled foul initially, and the umpires upheld the call after a video review. Had the ball been ruled fair, it would have been a home run and tied the game at 1-1. The Orioles lost 3-1.
McLouth, who wasn’t in Friday’s starting lineup against Sabathia, remembers thinking the ball was foul when he saw it from the batter’s box. He said Friday that during the review of the call, Russell Martin, then the Yankees’ catcher, told him he thought the ball was fair. After seeing the replay a few times since, McLouth isn’t sure.
“I’ve seen a couple replays of that since, and I’ve never seen [a call] that close, where you really can’t tell,” he said. “I thought watching it, and I had a perfect view of it, that it was foul. But then watching the replay, it was weird because it was really close. Looking down the first-base line, if the ball never disappears, then more than likely it’s foul because it doesn’t cross the pole. It never disappeared to me, but the more I watched it, it was a high and it was coming down by the foul pole, it was just crazy how close it was.”
Some other items of note:
-- Cuban defector Henry Urrutia is slated to DH in an extended spring training game Saturday. The paperwork needed for him to be assigned to an affiliate is complete, but he’s been nursing a hamstring strain.
-- Top prospect Dylan Bundy (right elbow discomfort) began a throwing progression Thursday.
-- Second baseman Alexi Casilla, who is batting ninth tonight, is 12-for-21 (.571) in his career against Sabathia. Shortstop J.J. Hardy is 6-for-14 (.429) and center fielder Adam Jones is 14-for-41 (.341) with 3 HRs and 10 RBIs against Sabathia.
-- Orioles RHP Miguel Gonzalez is 2-0 with a 2.63 ERA (17 K, 1 BB) in two regular-season starts at Yankee Stadium. Gonzalez also held the Yankees to one earned run over seven innings in Game 3 of last year’s ALDS here.
-- Robinson Cano, Ichiro Suzuiki, Kevin Youkilis and Travis Hafner, all starters tonight, are a combined 2-for-16 against Gonzalez. Ichiro has the only two hits, including one homer.
-- Orioles center fielder Adam Jones is the first player in franchise history – including the St. Louis Browns era – to open two consecutive seasons with hit streaks of nine games or more. He hit safely in the first 10 games of last season.
Here are both teams’ starting lineups for Friday's game:
OriolesNoble Energy enters Marcellus in $3.4 billion deal
Published 6:45 pm, Thursday, August 18, 2011
Noble Energy will pay $3.4 billion to join Consol Energy's Marcellus Shale venture, staking its first claim in the Northeast's thriving natural gas region, the Houston oil and gas producer announced Thursday.
The deal will create a joint venture in natural gas production on Consol's 663,350 acres in southwest Pennsylvania and northwest West Virginia, the companies said. Canonsburg, Pa.-based Consol is among the largest energy producers in the Appalachian region.
Noble will pay $1.07 billion over three years to gain 50 percent interest in wells on that acreage. The company also will cover one-third, or about $2.13 billion, of Consol's well drilling and completion costs. Another $219 million will give Noble 50 percent interest in the infrastructure and in the natural gas produced from those wells, the equivalent of about 70 million cubic feet per day, according to Noble Energy.
The companies expect to close on the deal by the end of September.
Noble Energy Chairman and CEO Charles Davidson said he was hesitant to move the company into the booming Marcellus region in earlier years. The area has become a hub of natural gas production as advanced methods, including hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling, have allowed energy producers to extract oil and gas from dense shale rock.
But the glut of natural gas in the market caused prices to tumble, creating a deterrent as Noble assessed opportunities to invest in shale gas in recent years, Davidson said.
‘Very competitive'
“Nothing, until now, met our economic hurdles and our strategic criteria,” he said during a conference call with analysts Thursday morning. “This is an opportunity in what we think is one of the best gas plays in the United States; very competitive against any other opportunity.”
Under the agreement, Noble's payment for drilling and completion costs is contingent on the price of natural gas. If gas prices fall below a three-month average of $4 per million British thermal units, Noble can suspend those payments until prices rise above that threshold again.
Natural gas closed down 4.1 cents to $3.89 per million British Thermal units Thursday in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
The deal also caps Noble's annual payments on the drilling and completion costs at $400 million.
Getting a good buy
“It's a better deal than we've seen in other public deals in the last few years,” said Leo Mariani, an Austin-based senior analyst for RBC Capital Markets, of Noble's stake in the deal.
“They are getting into the Marcellus kind of late,” Mariani said. “But they are getting in at a better price than a lot of other people have paid.”
Consol operates four rigs in the area governed by the new agreement. Noble expects to bring in its first rig in early 2012, said Noble President David Stover. By 2015, the companies expect to have 16 rigs operating there.
Net production from the wells could reach the equivalent of 600 million cubic feet per day by 2015, according to Noble.RedArmy 4 Report post Posted September 7, 2011 Are we 100% confirmed that Salei was on the plane? I don't think we are. Belarussian reporting that Russia claims he was on the list of passengers, but other are reporting he flew out earlier to be with his family... so no one knows for sure yet... Share this post Link to post Share on other sitesIn Triple-A Baseball, there are only six stadiums built before the 1990s. Of these ballparks, there are only two, one close to the Pacific Ocean and the other to the … More →
As 2017 is about to come to an end, we thought it would be a good opportunity to look back at our favorite sexy ladies this year. The list includes … More →January 1 Zodiac Sign Is Capricorn
If you are born on January 1 your Zodiac Sign is Capricorn.
Birthday Meanings of People Born On 1st January
- Your zodiac sign is Capricorn
- Your element is Earth
- Your rulers are Saturn and Venus
As a January 1 Capricorn birth date you are very conscious of the fact that there is a tremendous wealth of possibilities within you and, although you are aware of the past, you are one who is not afraid to initiate new inroads in life.
If you are born on January 1, yours is a path in life that seeks to explore and to initiate new forms to your creative drives and, all that you really need to do is to allow the time in order that you can gain experience. Endeavour therefore, to be patient with yourself.
You should always take care in your life that in your powerful desire for success, you do not willingly or otherwise institute actions that will hurt others.
Those born on this day of January 1 zodiac tend to have a profound appreciation of nature and they should follow their instinct to wander among the beauty of natural surroundings. In particular, they may have an inherent attraction to high country and mountains and as result therefore, will endeavour to climb to their own particular pinnacle of success.
This day of January 1 heralds the portal into the new year of the Julian calendar and as result, it confers that of energy for tireless pursuits. As example, try visualizing a large flight of birds bursting out from their perceived security of being high up in the trees.
You should start of the year with energy and courage and take flight in your life. Endeavour not to hold back and hide your light in the bushes. As a January 1 birthday you are set to accomplish just about anything you desire.
You should always remember that there can always be the danger of mediocrity if you become trapped by any need for too much security.
The January 1 birth date signifies that of the diplomat, a person who is born to command positions of trust, to maintain confidentialities and to deal with and handle secrets.
To serve is the important word to you, whether it be within government or within your immediate circle of family, friends and acquaintances.
Whether in your home or in your office-workplace you will, the January 1 zodiac shows that you feel more comfortable behind a sizeable quality wooden desk that forms your personal command station. Add to this some quality leather desk accessories such as blotter, pencil holder and a tray topped of with a quality crafted pen. All such items that relate to your inherent sense for position.
Both style and the convenience factor are important qualities to a January 1 birth date and you might have a particular appreciation for of older materials. As example, old parchment papers and antique documents that can be used as wall hangings.
Consider building a collection of rare coins that will form symbols of timeless value as a reminder of your worth
Consider acquiring some gemstones of garnet and/or moonstone as these minerals can form grounding influences upon you.
On your home front, your January 1 horoscope points out that your nature will tend to favour the more classical style of home that incorporates smaller interlinking rooms. Thick plush carpets within the home and quality classical style furniture.
The colour of midnight blue can have a soothing influence upon your birth date so why not consider incorporating some effect of this colour within your home.
For those of the January 1 birthdays, the zodiac shows that you like to engage in gardening then the creation of both bright and shady areas will be essential. A rock garden perhaps with tidy lawns and a lawn statue that will be an item that can be very centring for you.
As a January 1 birthday, you will by nature tend to lean toward quality garden tools and are very likely to hold a real appreciation for older generation, handcrafted type tools whether for garden use or otherwise.
January 1 birthdays: Your special magic numbers are 1 and 2
The first day of the first month reduces to two, and the number two is a number of duality that conjures up images of pillars or doorways.
The first day of the year reduces to one and the number one represents the force of beginnings and an initiative to this path.
Last updated on August 23, 2017 at 10:34 pm. Word Count: 740Watch Sissyboy_D ManyVids record online [26/2/2017] Sissyboy_D. After a while I'm not enough and I turn on the vacuum cleaner and they fuck me with the vacuum cleaner. I tell you how I touch and I go, which is easy to do. In the early morning, there are always tangas to get up and get out of bed. I have licked my pussy and fucked very well listen to me moaning in this amazing video. After I fucked my car with my dildo and played all 3 toys. I take my pussy with a big glass dildo with crossed legs, and I do it with my legs, and I turn to the side while I shit, and go on till I sing. Watch me as I pound my pussy and spit everywhere, as the neighbors look. Do something for me Just as it will be. My breasts and belly wiggle and wiggle everywhere, as I do, what looks like a training forever. Decide that you could make a better meal if you were to pieces and crunged, Fifi will take you back. And as always I have something that my sweet has made. A lot of great underwater boobie shake and fucking fingers. Worth the clock. I will use active words to gain control of your insignificant mind, the whole mind that controls the crap of the mind. Soon I got it right where I want it, I moan with pleasure, while I rub my pussy and it's hard on the mouth.
I was so excited to see that your body grew in both centimeters and pounds and had to share it with you while you wiggle your fat body Sissyboy_D. Watch hoggy7890 record today. So I want to combine my first pussy pump and my first anal in a while. Cum on my ass while sprayed everywhere and talk nasty. I finish it in my mouth, sucking furiously until it explodes. No, please do not show your friends. Lori was a very bad girl while she was at home. I had tried to do anal for the last week and I thought if I drank something I would lose it for him. See how I do orgasm several times. Final Fantasy X Yuna has three wands to prove Sissyboy_D. . until finally she caught him staring at his chest. juliered video This is my first slow motion with a huge load that I end up eating. Why should he suffer. It was fantastic. DIRTY VIDEO ENTER MY FIRST VIDEO SQUIRTING ENTERS CAM.
Sissyboy_D COMMENTS
Sissyboy_D show download
I'm such a hungry cumslut. Look at her froth on her gigantic belly and play with her fat pussy . I'm so hot, and I want to pull my cock for me to start. What do you want to eat Where do you go to the bathroom now.
Sissyboy_D dildo ass toying
Today there were many construction workers. I jump and I let you fuck me until you go again, leaving a mess as big as it drips over the bed and covers my lips very cunt. I would bet that a handsome guy like you is accustomed to get exactly what he wants, if he wants it, right. Oh Yeah, and your gonna Guzzle Ur own cum like the good little bitch U Are.
Sissyboy_D ohmibod chaturbate
In this position, Nikko can be able to reach Clitoris Astros and tries to make his sperm. Watch xollan record today. I know how much you like, so I encourage you to wank and suck my toes. You love me, do not you.
Sissyboy_D video archive
Watch him in my face and lick me laughing about his little cock and call him a loser while I tell him what to do with my black bull cum out of my pussy. This will not be easier . Watching as I clamp washclothes against my breasts and pussy, groaned against a ball ball and fumbled around while blindfolded before I took my vibrator and led me to a quick orgasm. I'm just a person, but it's such a great recipe, it has to be done from time to time.
Sissyboy_D xxx fuck pvt show . I want you to be balls deep inside me. Listen, how wet you are, while your cock pumps always come back and forth. Come on.
Sissyboy_D chaturbate premium pussy record
Ms Wonder Woman for older people in conversation: Wonder Woman heard the help call of the elderly and captured the Criminal Wonder Woman A gift is offered As soon as the wonder woman touches her screams and begins to shake and falls to the ground and the scene fades . Wearing these seamless tights has made me so wet. My husband left his cell phone on the charger while I was in the shower and that is what caught him on his cell phone . I lick clean and fuck my pussy.
Sissyboy_D anal video
It just excites me so much that I can not help . The random women jog and talk with each other, but you really can not understand what they are saying. This is my hairy pussy for more than 2 months untouched. Haha I love to give the street head almost as much as you like.
Sissyboy_D blowjob
She tells me that I'm too good of two shoes to hang with her and her friends. foxy_gamer video You went to the witch Celine, but little did she know she was ready and waiting for you . Maybe I'm a bit overboard with sperm gone . She even gets her wireless Hitachi vibrator off and showing her her pussy does not feel anything.
Sissyboy_D nude
I'll give you a generic pill that says it takes 72 hours, and for the next three days I'm working on your balls. You're . I was right. Can your best friend mom suck his dick.
Sissyboy_D private chaturbate record
My long toes will excite you, but the real treat is to see how far I can spread my toes and how high my arches are. Well, I see I have a date tonight There is still something to talk about. You give me the money and I tell you that you pull your penis. I miss if you hit me to piss my panties, Daddy.
Sissyboy_D webcam show
They have some ass training to do it, bend and let us get started. She examines the coast is clear before she gets one of her favorite pores, fingers and teases herself before she pulls her hidden dildo and begin with the orgasm. Since you only have about 5 minutes to come home, there is no time for sex. I want to smell these panties as my good pussy.There's absolutely no test for PiYo so so long as the class is filled out by you, you're certified! This will enable you provide music and moves and to be sure it stays fresh for your course. All our physical fitness course instructors are highly qualified, and all of them want to aid you get fit! Yoga is a fantastic way!
Incorporating swimming in your fitness routine is able to create your workouts considerably more efficient! You are going to step in the room feeling a individual that is fresh! Most centers request you to have CPR training and some may ask that you have another certificate. They supply. There's simply no reason to use. Thus, we serve customers who are interested in jobs or wish to work. As much as possible, they like to help where they interact with different folks their customers get jobs locally.
Men and women in Blaine use the world wide web for a lot of things that are unique. CenturyLink Blaine supplies Internet that's not trustworthy just fast and consistent. CenturyLink bundling ensures that you're paying a decrease rate for the two services. CenturyLink provides for your needs. Our Kettlebells are intended for intense all training that makes them perfect for both men and women that are interested in getting into peak physical condition. They train your body like no other fitness tool.
You would like to enhance your body power you can find some weights and begin! The shortage of leadership for this business is astounding. Should you plan to teach, I would recommend signing up for a VIP member. They do offer you a membership that's tough to beat. Registration is obligatory for these classes. Decide on a gym membership that is suitable for your schedule and your wellness and fitness objectives
Items aren't meant to extend an in depth picture of crime and are selected from police reports. You then can monitor the advancement of your inquiry . I anticipate. Running in the winter can be hard because you need will want to remain dry, warm and visible. Each of the people dwelling in the region differ from one another and have various needs. We'll always do our very best to deal with your requirements in a timely manner. He was advised to get in touch.
You are able to register on the internet. They hunt for folks who may have the ability to sell a buck to individuals. Don't be deceived via this post. In the event of any problem or support an individual can contact Xperience Fitness support utilizing the information given below. Television services!
EmoticonEmoticonAfter this excerpt, we will describe our personal history with Dr. The clenched fist the patient had used to describe his pain was one often used by patients to describe the pain of a heart attack, a similar process caused by the obstruction of vessels feeding blood to the muscles of the heart.. There is definitely solid science behind Dr. I know from my own experience that this works. “ZAPPER” cures anything, Cancer, Aids, Herpes and destroys Parasites! ‘Connell White.
However, it should be alright to try electric shock and possibly an electric zapper in addition to very high doses of vitamin C, provided other appropriate treatment is used in addition without much delay. He has successfully treating not only malaria but hepatitis, cancer and AIDS. This was just a simple zapper. If you know anyone who has cancer or have cancer yourself, he beat Stage-3 colon cancer naturally. The U.S. Dr. That’s what I’ve read about.
We dropped the project, signed their agreement not to sell, and learned an expensive lesson. The response and requests for more information and availability is overwhelming. In three months he would be dead. Much of that information can be found in her book “The Cure for All Advanced Cancers”. P.S. I learned from my dad making electronic stuff that his homemade- a -little- less attractive- than- commercially -available- stuff often smoked mass produced stuff. Experience with zapping Anaerobic bacteria Thank you so much for making this product available.
All cancer patients (100%) have both propyl alcohol and the intestinal fluke in their livers. Testimonial for zapping Anaerobic bacteria Thank you so much for making this product available. U.S. I also think that maybe when I put advantage on my kitties little mites jumped aboard me, since they sleep with me and i hold them, and all the bumps are where I would be touching them…i read that notoedric mites can live on humans temporarily. When I rejected his “cut, burn and poison,” he put enormous pressure on my wife, Lyn, to persuade me. however i could not use this thing 24 7 since it was not portable. I joined that elite group in 1997 after using those devices to rid myself of a 16 year infection of Epstein Barr Virus that caused Chronic Fatigue Immune Dysfunction Syndrome.
Vulvar Herpes and what they would see in future outbreaks regardless of which treatment and people nowadays are increasingly finding it beneficial. Those claiming to be medical practitioners and using such untested tools may be at risk of delaying a patient from undergoing proper diagnostic testing and receiving appropriate treatment for a condition such as Lyme disease. Making it better able to fight mon infections associated with aids, such as herpes which leads into the late dr bob beck s blood cleanser and dr hulda clark s zapper that. I put the disclaimer for you. The farmer had contracted Ross River Virus several months earlier, as confirmed by blood -*test*-(‘”)s, but his symptoms and all traces of his virus completely disappeared since his encounter with his fence. ‘Zapper’ is the generic term for an electronic device invented by Dr. The problem with oral medication is that with pills the medication goes into the stomach and digestive track where a huge percentage of the drug is destroyed by gastric juices.
These were seen in a medical clinic with their electrical treatment supervised by a medical doctor. Drugs and Herbs don’t work in most cases because the viruses are in both your blood and lymph system. Science may discover that an herb has cancer killing qualities, or that electricity or certain frequencies can disrupt cancer cells, but until they can figure out WHY, the science is not done. I have posted the frequencies here on this blog so that the frequencies are in one format, as they are not in one format on the website I posted below. Many of our customers after getting great results from our ParaZappers call back and order additional ParaZappers for the rest of their family and for their friends! What is good for you could not be good for me. There are many books on this subject available in health food stores, but consider the medical monopolies opposition to the cancer cures of Harry Hoxsey, William Koch, Royal Rife, Andrew Ivy, Gaston Naessons, Joseph Gold, and Stanislaw Burzynski.
First I made a chart of the frequencies for most of the bacteria and viruses in my collection. As it turned out, zapping caused me an unexpected benefit that I’d seen nobody else report – heartburn and GERD suffered for years that has almost but not entirely gone away.Haggen's TOP Food & Drug rebrands as Northwest Fresh
Thursday, July 26, 2012
Three big things are happening at the Shoreline TOP Food and Drug within the week. Haggen Food and Pharmacy is rebranding all 28 stores to the new ‘Northwest Fresh’ concept. The Shoreline TOP is set to make its conversion to ‘Haggen Northwest Fresh’ this week, starting with the exterior sign that was hung today, July 26, and the unveiling of their new giant plastic cow that will roam the store each day.
The ribbon cutting ceremony hosted by Rick Haggen of the Haggen family will take place on Wednesday, August 1 at 11:00 a.m.
A community celebration and grand opening event is planned for Saturday, August 4th, from 11am to 4pm.
The Northwest Fresh concept has made a serious commitment to partnering with hyper-local producers and vendors to provide a wide variety of local grocery options to customers. The event on Saturday, August 4th will include a local food fair featuring 20+ local Washington producers from all parts of the state. Products from these vendors will be a big focus for the new store.It’s past the halfway mark now.
They say it takes over 21 days to acquire a new habit, so I guess I’m almost there.
Progress update:
- Scheduling is a must even if you wake up early, you won’t get much done if you don’t prioritize
- Review before going to sleep as it helps your mind get started once that alarm rings, well, unless you’re a freak and you don’t even use alarms
- I have missed some days already because of over a week of holidays. The Holy Week is the worst time to get started wanting to be productive but I wanted to test it anyway.
I already have some revelations on how this challenge has helped me. This daily journal has indeed opened my eyes into where my time goes.
This morning, I have to continue with my blog post, schedule my week and create a couple quotes for projects. Let’s do this.
Anyway, Happy Easter Sunday everybody!:
-:
- 0
- The wait utility was invoked with no operands and all process IDs known by the invoking shell have terminated.
- 1-126
- The wait utility detected an error.
- 127
- The command identified by the last pid operand specified is unknown.
Default. IEEE Std 1003.1-2001 "$!" was not referenced before another asynchronous list was started. (This means that the shell only has to keep the status of the last asynchronous list started if the application did not reference "$!". If the implementation of the shell is smart enough to determine that a reference to "$!" %%
The description of wait does not refer to the waitpid() function from the System Interfaces volume of IEEE Std 1003.1-2001 IEEE Std 1003.1-2001while sleep 60 do job& echo Job started $(date) as $! done
which causes the shell to monitor all of the jobs started until the script terminates or runs out of memory. This would not be a problem if the loop did not reference "$!" or if the script would occasionally wait for jobs it started.
None.
Shell Command Language, kill(), sh, the System Interfaces volume of IEEE Std 1003.1-2001, wait(), waitpid()
First released in Issue 2.Gasoline prices should be at least 50 cents a gallon cheaper than they are today — and I can prove it.
Oil prices have collapsed over the past few months. And gasoline prices have also fallen.
Gas, in fact, has dropped enough already to make the US Energy Information Administration, which is part of our Department of Energy, predict that prices for this summer will be the lowest in years.
That’s all great. But have gasoline prices fallen enough in relation to the drop in crude oil, from which gasoline is made? Or are refiners and oil companies keeping prices higher than they should be?
Let’s do some comparison shopping to see whether gasoline, which was averaging $2.89 a gallon for regular unleaded last week at the pump, has fallen enough.
We are going to look at both the retail price of gas, which includes taxes, and the wholesale price, which doesn’t.
As of last week, West Texas Intermediate oil — a common gauge for the US market — had fallen to $51.68 a barrel. That’s slightly higher than the futures price, but let’s use it anyway.
For the record, WTI oil had been as high as $102 a barrel around this time last year when the financial markets were still pretending that the US and world economies were on some kind of rebound.
Even as recently as May, WTI oil was at $60 a barrel.
But last week oil was down to $51.68 a barrel. And the price of gasoline at wholesale was $1.86 a gallon. The current price at the pump — the retail price including taxes — is averaging around $2.89 a gallon.
Those will be our comparisons. Our baseline.
So what was the whole price of gasoline the last couple of times oil was around this level? Back in November 2008, WTI oil was $52.26 a barrel — higher than it is today — and the wholesale price of gasoline was just $1.16 a gallon. The retail price was just $2.13 a gallon.
In other words, gasoline prices were 70 cents a gallon cheaper at wholesale and 76 cents cheaper at the pump when oil was priced at this level in 2008.
Maybe that was just a fluke. Let’s look at another time.
In January, 2007, oil was selling at $51.51 a barrel. Gasoline was going for $1.34 a gallon wholesale and $2.28 a gallon at the pump. The wholesale price of gas was, in other words, 52 cents a gallon cheaper in 2007 and the retail price of gas was 61 cents a gallon cheaper.
What’s my point? Gasoline prices are much too high right now considering the big decline in crude oil.
And drivers are getting screwed. Congress should look into it.
The Federal Reserve’s Open Market Committee did nothing with interest rates for the 53rd straight meeting Wednesday and it hasn’t indicated when it will.
As I’ve been saying, the Fed needs to raise rates, wants to raise rates but can’t raise rates. It is stuck/screwed/puzzled/lost/clueless.
But there was something important in Wednesday’s FOMC communique — Fed head Janet Yellen and her colleagues think there have been “solid gains” in the labor market.
I’ll say it again — the gains in employment have been statistical flukes and those positive anomalies will end soon.
Let’s see what the Fed thinks about job growth when the July figures come out next week.
3M, McDonalds and Visa were the latest companies in the Dow Jones industrial average to benefit from sizable drops in their tax rates.
Last Thursday I explained how corporate profits aren’t always what they seem, especially when tax rates change dramatically. Up to that point 16 of the 30 Dow stocks had reported earnings and Intel, IBM, JPMorgan Chase and Nike were the biggest beneficiaries of drops in their tax rates.
I’ve asked David Aurelio, research analyst at Thomson Reuters, to continue to track the remaining Dow stocks and here’s what he found.
If McDonald’s tax rate hadn’t declined to 29.8 percent from the 33 percent rate it paid in the second quarter of 2015, the company’s recent earnings would have been only $1.15 billion and not the already disappointing $1.2 billion it reported.
3M’s profits would have only been $1.28 billion and not $1.3 billion if its tax rate hadn’t fallen from 29.5 percent to 28.1 percent. And Visa, the credit card company, would have earned only $1.45 billion and not the $1.7 billion it reported if its tax rate hadn’t fallen from 33 percent to 21.7 percent.
I’m sure all of these lower tax rates were achieved legitimately. But this goes to show that a quick glance at earnings won’t tell the whole story.
A research report by Purdue University says that raising wages to $15 an hour at restaurants will raise prices by 4.3 percent.
Raising wages to $22 an hour would increase prices by 25 percent. The current federal minimum wage is $7.25 an hour. (By the way, if wages are ever raised to $22 an hour I’ll be the one asking what kind of sauce you’d like with your nuggets.)
Giving health benefits to those workers, Purdue’s School of Hospitality and Tourism Management says, would have little effect because of government tax breaks.VAC Class
VAC Job Description
VAC 60 Hours Topics
Preparing students for the success in the world after graduation includes providing training and technical assistance to districts in transition planning, inter-agency coordination, school/business partnerships, and job coaching. Our staff is able to address issues related to graduation requirements, course development, and program participation.
Laura Brinkley
lbrinkley@esc6.net
936-435-8253
Resources
*SB 748 - Alternatives to Guardianship
Resources available for school districts to reference related to guardianship, alternatives to guardianship and supported decision-making agreements:
Disability Rights of Texas Supported Decision Making Toolkit
ARC of Texas
Texas Council for Developmental Disabilities
The Eleanor & Charles Garrett Center on Transition and Disability Studies at Sam Houston State University
Texas and National Transition Resources:
Texas Education Agency
Transition in Texas
Legal Framework
Texas Council for Developmental Disabilities
The National Center on Secondary Education & Transition
National Secondary Transition Technical Assistance Center (NSTTAC)
National Technical Assistance Center on TransitionHEATH Resource Center
Secondary Education/Employment Training Resources
College Preparation for Students with Disabilities
Achieve Texas
Affordable Online Colleges
Career Planning Begins with Assessment
National Center on Workforce and Disability
Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board
Quickbook of Transition Assessments
Texas OnCourse
Employment Support and Post-Secondary Resources
Texas Workforce Commission - Vocational Services (Formerly known as DARS)
Division on Career Development & Transition (DCDT)
Fair Labor Standards Act - Child Labor
Child Labor Publications
Helpful Support and Other Resources
Office of Civil Rights Publications
Pacer Center
Texas Parent to Parent
The Special Education Information Center(SPEDTex) works collaboratively with stakeholders to provide resources and facilitate collaboration that supports the development and delivery of services to children with disabilities in our State.Today, I re-mind myself that in working through changes in our life, we run through a variety of emotions that are normal and necessary to process the changes. Change isn’t always easy, and although we must embrace the change, we also may allow ourselves to feel thoroughly the anticipation, sadness, and even grief that might come up in the process of change. When we work through our feelings rather than cast them aside, we come out stronger and more at peace.
Photo: Sand Pipers at Sandy Point, Plum Island, MA ~ c. Pamela J. Leavey 2013berwick area school district
School District Delayed Due to Gas Leak in Nescopeck
New Teen Center Opens in Berwick
Berwick Fifth Graders go to College for Science Adventure
Schools Closed in Berwick Monday
Train Car Dug up from School Construction Site
Curry to Reapply for Coaching Job
Curry to Resign as Berwick Head Coach?
Demolition Begins to Make Way for New School
Clickers in the ClassroomYesterday morning, I was sitting alone in the house for those blissful 2.5 hours when there are no children here. I had melted into the sofa, and had *officially* surrendered. Big time surrender. Glasses, yoga pants, whack t-shirt (but not the Boobs Akimbo T-shirt) and sneakers. And I was NOT headed to the gym, or coming home from the gym. I was looking at the Doomsday clock in my house and watching it basically say, "thirteen hours until McLovin leaves..." and hating life.
I'm watching the Big Bang Theory and McLovin calls and we're blathering back and forth, mostly me, because I've worked overnights all this week, which just makes me stupid because I sleep for about 18 minutes between when I get home from work and when I have to get up for kids and school and breakfast and why do we have time zones? Because if London was on the same time zone as us, then 2am would be 2am everywhere and everyone could get some freakin' sleep. They just need to get used to it being sunrise at 11:45pm. I think it's only fair. I'm invoking the "We're Bigger" Rule here. That's what she said.
[Editor's note: Kate works for English people. - Lydia]
So, he says something about, "hey! so, I'm in the office in a meeting with..." and then I'm super interested because Sheldon is reciting all the stars that are closest to Earth and "isn't that great?" and what?
So, he says something about, "hey! so, I'm in the office in a meeting with..." and then I'm super interested because Sheldon is reciting all the stars that are closest to Earth and "isn't that great?" and what?
Four important lessons here:
- Talking to me during Big Bang Theory is maybe not the best idea...
- It was TiVo'ed so maybe I could have hit pause...
- Starting any sentence with "I was in a meeting..." guarantees I'm not listening anymore...sorry, but it's true. That man spends six thousand hours a day in meetings. I was in a day long meeting for ten minutes last week.
- What's great is not that I now know the stars in decreasing proximity to Earth, but that McLovin is not going to Again-istan.
Which should have elicited a scream and a touchdown dance and possibly even a THAT'S RIGHT! yelled out into my front yard. Which you think might be rare but not really. Must be odd for our neighbor across the street to be out pruning her begonias, see me come outside right to the curb, do the double pointing fingers like you're in the beginning of a snap-off brawl/dance between the Sharks and the Jets and yell out "THAAAAAAAT'S RIGHT!" and then just walk back inside. Maybe I should consider the back yard as an alternative?
But because I'm -- me, I think I said something awesome and understanding like, "what...ugh. Are you kidding? Why?" because all I'm thinking is that I had cereal and tomatoes out for dinner tonight because that's what the kids love and he just looks very confused when I do that and, well, c'mon. You wrap your brain around a plan -- even if that plan sucks hot monkey balls, like your husband going to Again-istan -- and you do what you gotta do. The Bride was coming over that night to help me
manage the kids take my mind off it be supportive drink and we were just going to make the best of it. See friends, eat weird things for dinner, and possibly let the house and the dog and the kids and me surrender because that's what you're allowed to do when your husband goes to Again-istan.
Here's how our week went:
- Lefty spent days glaring at everyone because Again-istan was so far away that even Google -- the end-all, be-all, know-all of his universe -- couldn't figure it out. And if Google can't find it, then how were we supposed to be able to find a phone there so we could talk to him?
- Happy -- HAPPY! he has that name for a reason -- was King of the Meltdowns. All week. At preschool, the grocery store, when he woke up, when he went to sleep...when he couldn't figure out Blue's Clues, and when Diego was a re-run.
- McGee just looked wounded. And took this week to start reading the newspaper, and asking things like, "Mom, which country is Kabul in? What about Kandahar? They're both in Afghanistan. Didja read this?" and would thrust a paper under my nose talking about explosions and such.
I broke down on Wednesday morning. Called Lydia on the verge of tears. OK, fine...full tears. I had a bad feeling, this trip wasn't going to go well. How many times can you avoid bad things happening to you when you're in a country where bad things happen all the time? She was everything a friend is supposed to be during my Chernobyl meltdown. "He's going to be fine. Cherish your time together now. You can't do this to yourself, the kids will fall apart." She probably really really needed me to stop flipping out. It's like if she showed up at my house saying, "I'm going to the runway show at Prada. You in?" Well, the first answer would be YES! but I'd be like, "umm, Lydia? Prada?" and then my head would implode, which is WAY harder to do because the brain-y parts get in the way.
Look, don't get me wrong. We're THRILLED he's not going. But we also know that 1) it only means he's not going RIGHT NOW; and 2) it's kinda hard to brace and prep and dread and then sorta reconcile it and just make plans around it only to have it all sproing! back. I think we all kind of have whiplash.
As for me, well, let me step back for a minute. Thursday morning, after the 9:20am Happy Meltdown in front of EVERYONE at the preschool, I lost it.
And got weepy, because we only had one more day and I was scared and bombs and things like "collateral damage" were going through my head and the point is I saw Mrs. Darling - who is awesome and funny and totally gets my weirdness AND I saw the Preschool Principal who is kinda hardcore, which makes me love her even more because she's always just this side of Chuck Norris-ing something but since they're little kids she keeps it in check. Add in the whack novelty headbands with the springs and bouncy spiders that she puts in her hair and you know the kids are like, "OH! I loooooove your headband!" and she's all "Thanks little dude!" and if you said the exact same words she'd punch you in the throat, but only after you walked your kid into class because she wants to lurk and wait for you to slowly wander back and then you're on the floor and the only evidence is this flash of long blonde curly hair and bouncy spiders on springs. The point is, I. Almost. Hugged. Them.
[Editor's Note: Kate does not hug. Does NOT. - Lydia]
I was so whacked out I almost hugged people. And I came here and boo-hoo'ed all over the blog and I pulled myself out of work on Friday so I could be with McLovin and do the dramatic cab pulls up to the driveway and we all stand there weepy when he got in and drove away and then he didn't go and now I'm an a**hole. For lots of reasons...because part of me was like, "Whuck?! We're all planned for you to go..." and I didn't just WOOT! all over the place instead. Because there's a million moms out there in America -- and here in MommyLand -- that don't get that last minute reprieve and ALSO don't whine and moan all over the place like I did for the past week...because I'm irritated that this could all change next week and then we do it all over again...because I couldn't just suck it up and be the freakin' grown-up in this house and had to make it all about me me me. And everyone was so awesome yesterday, sending messages and then I had to be all "oh, never mind...my bad" like a dick. Ugh. I'm totally Chicken Little. And let's not forget about the hugging. Gross.
You know who's thrilled that McLovin isn't in Again-istan right now? McLovin. And that's enough for all of us. I'm so so so happy you're home baby. Truly and really and I'm sorry I didn't say that the first time.
By the way, all I have planned for dinner this week is cereal and sliced tomatoes. Hope that's OK. It's actually awesome. But you being home? Even awesomer.
xoxo Kate
(c)Herding Turtles, Inc. 2009 - 2010The Global Qualifier full highlights video is live!
It was a wild scene in Guadalajara as the Vans BMX Pro Cup Regional Semi-Final Qualifier took hold of the massive Montenegro Skatepark.
Riders were able to use all four bowls making for long runs and lots of tricks all over the course with an exclamation point from David Peraza pulling front and backflips out of the big bowl on over the roller.
When the dust settled it was Cauan Madona, Jose Gabriel Torres Gomez, and Caio Sousa taking the top spots and qualifying to ride at the finals in Huntington Beach.In John 2:4, Jesus responds to His mother Mary with the question, Τί ἐμοὶ καὶ σοί, γύναι; This has been widely misunderstood either as a harsh rebuke or as questioning the relevance or propriety of Jesus involving himself with the problem of the wine running out. But let’s survey the other instances of the phrase in the Bible.
Judges 11:13 – “ Then Jephthah sent messengers to the Ammonite king with the question: “What do you have against me – Τί ἐμοὶ καὶ σοί (LXX) – that you have attacked my country?”
1 Kings 17:18, the widow of Zarephath has been letting Elijah stay in her house, and he has blessed her with the inexaustible jar of flour and jug of oil. But then her son dies. And she said to Elijah, “What do you have against me – Τί ἐμοὶ καὶ σοί – man of God? Did you come to remind me of my sin and kill my son?”
2 Chronicles 35:21, Pharaoh Necho of Egypt is on his way to fight against the Babylonians at Carchemish, and King Josiah of Judah is foolish enough to get in his way: “Josiah marched out to meet him in battle. 21 But Necho sent messengers to him, saying, “What quarrel is there, king of Judah, between you and me?” – LXX, Τί ἐμοὶ καὶ σοί – “It is not you I am attacking at this time, but the house with which I am at war.”
But Jesus’ statement refers most (Τί ἐμοὶ καὶ σοί;). In both texts the narrative reveals a reluctant prophet who is called upon to provide for one in need, a need the prophet sees as an unwanted involvement.
In all these passages the complaint is, “What have I done to you that you are causing me trouble unjustly? Why are you trying to bring disaster on me? Did I wrong you?” Or even, in Hebrew, Ma li valach, “What do you have against me?”
Why should Jesus complain this way to His mother? The answer is in the second half of the verse: “My hour has not yet come.” Why are you leading me to reveal myself this way, mother? Do you want me to get killed?” For we must remember that revealing oneself as the Messiah was a dangerous thing to do. Look in Acts 5 at Gamaliel’s list of all the false messiahs who have “risen up” — Theudas and Judas of Galilee — and how the Romans have dealt with them.
[…] Matt Colvin: On the meaning of Τί ἐμοὶ καὶ σοί in John 2:4 […]
By: Links Post 28/01/2017 | Alastair's Adversaria on January 27, 2017
at 7:58 pm(Lack OF Support From Poor & Working Class Is Keeping Financial Elites In Power)
It’s not white people that is giving me a hard time it’s our own people who refuse to support my vision to improve our inner cities in Chicago and beyond. I hold free online conferences for busy people in the convenience and privacy of their home yet very few people participate. I created Help Stop The Genocide In Americans Ghettos on Blogtalkradio in order to promote my revised book and also give my supporters an opportunity to promote their business, church events, and or their cause to my podcast audience. Again very few people participate how can I get other racial groups involved when I am unable to get blacks involved with solving black issues?
My book is my pledge to the inner city of Chicago residents that no one under my leadership within my organization will ever have to endure such humiliation and rejection for trying to do something positive in the black community. Those who agree with my plan to improve our inner cities in Chicago will sign one of our consent forms once I have my business in pace. My words would become a binding legal document. Since 2001, over 4000 people has been killed in Chicago alone and as a result Chicago is currently the murder capital in America. We see that nothing out there is working to end the blood shed why Black America won’t embrace my plan?
Senator Bernie Sanders is losing the presidential campaign not because of what he is saying to voters but rather in his own words “Poor People Don’t Vote.” I voted for Bernie Sanders because his focus is on income and wealth inequality, which he argues is eroding the American middle class, he also wants to work on changing campaign finance reform. He choose to receive most of his funding directly from individual donations rather then from mega corporations. He is a democratic socialist I agree with his politics. Sanders has introduced amendments to Senate bills that promote the creation of millions of middle class jobs by investing in infrastructure, paid for by closing loopholes in the corporate and international tax system.
Sanders has long been an advocate of making college more affordable. He has spoken out against the high interest rates on federal student loans, noting that in the next ten years, the federal government will profit by as much as $127 billion from them. Sanders believes tax reform is the solution, and has developed a plan to bring matching grants from the federal and state governments to cut tuition at public universities by more than half. He has criticized both Republicans and Democrats for failing to institute reforms that will stop predatory lending practices in the student loan market.
Sanders was a civil rights organizer at the University of Chicago in the 1960s. Sanders worked for Jesse Jackson’s presidential campaign. As part of his presidential platform, Sanders calls for an end to waged against black and brown Americans: physical, political, legal and economic. He said “It is an obscenity that we stigmatize so many young Americans with a criminal record for smoking marijuana, but not one major Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for causing the near collapse of our entire economy. This must change..”
Sanders supports banning semi-automatic weapons and closing a loophole that allows buyers to purchase guns at a gun show. He is also in favor of instant background checks for gun owners. Sanders voted for the 2005 Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act. Speaking to CNN’s on State of the Union, Sanders said, “I want to see real, serious debate and action on guns, but it is not going to take place if we simply have extreme positions on both sides. I think I can bring us to the middle. Sanders also dismissed the idea that gun control measures could have prevented the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School, saying “if you passed the strongest gun control legislation tomorrow, I don’t think it will have a profound effect on the tragedies we have seen.”.”
Sanders has also spoken out against the privatization of prisons he.” Senator Sanders introduced the “Justice Is Not for Sale” Act, which prohibits the United States government at federal, state and local levels from contracting with private firms to provide and/or operate detention facilities within two years. “We cannot fix our criminal justice system if corporations are allowed to profit from mass incarceration.”
In contrast, I have experience first hand what it’s like to lack support for a good cause. For 24 years my plan to help improve our inner cities in Chicago and beyond has gotten little to no support from the black community which made me write and publish my story “The Solution For Black America: Reclaiming, Rebuilding, And Restoring The Urban Ghettos In America” second edition on Amazon.com I wrote my book to help raise awareness about the genocide which is taken place in our inner cities in America. I also wrote my book to promote my virtual organization the Grass Roots Community Activist Movement.
Once I generate enough capital from my book sell and have my management team in place then I will start my private organization the Grass Roots Community Activist Institute in Chicago. It’s private because I want to exclude small minded individuals who careless about our inner city youth and their families..
The Grass Roots Community Activist Institute will be a gathering place for special events, food, music, and sports as well as a place to help implement security measures to make sure our neighborhood is safe vibrant and productive. This will be a lasting legacy for our community. Our Charity Programs: fundraising would be intertwined with our events to help raise money for our nonprofit organization for our programs and services we will provide within the community we will serve.
Our charity events will be used to improve the quality of life for working and poor families in the community without regard to religion or national origin. Our nonprofit organization will focus on Education, Health & Wellness, Community Research and Social Service. Our for profit business will focus on creating a Christian business which will be intertwined with our nonprofit organization promoting Christian morals and values within the community. GRCAI is a. We welcome all Christian denominations in the faith, secular people, and moderate Muslims. We will teach the community about tolerance and how to co-exist by respecting one another belief system. I want us to pool our resources collectively in order to uplift the black.. This is my contribution back to my community, society, and throughout the African Diaspora.
Show and Prove
My You Tube Videos
My Author Page on Amazon
My Blogtalkradio Show
My Cause (Help Stop The Genocide In American Ghettos)
My DocumentsJoni interviews Pastor Bob Bjerkaas and he shares how he his disability has pointed him towards God and brought him witnessing opportunities he would not have had otherwise.
JONI: Well, the last time we met I was in conversation with our new pastor at our little PCA church, the Reverend Bob Bjerkaas. Bob comes from my home state of Maryland so out here in California it's kind of fun having a fellow Marylander. Welcome back, Bob.
BOB: Thank you for having me again.
JONI: The last time you were here you were talking about your disability, retinitis pigmentosa. I still have that picture of two toilet paper rolls to my eyes and the limitations that put on your peripheral vision. That's pretty serious. You don't drive so describe to our friends how you get yourself to church on a weekday. What do you do?
BOB: Well, I thank my God for my wife who has two eyes that work and can drive me in the morning. It's a great blessing. One thing that I've learned is that when you have a limitation, look at it as an opportunity to receive help.
JONI: I was going to ask you that. You're a guy, you're pushing 40, you're a bright man, it is hard to ask for help?
BOB: It is, but you know it's the kind of thing you can get better at. There's hope for the typical American male. I know that we can even find it funny sometimes. You've seen the grocery stores that have the carts that look like a car. Once in Vermont we were walking into one of them and the grocery store had just bought those carts and I heard my son say to his sister, "No, no, you have to sit there because the girls do all the driving." So you have to learn to laugh about these things, but I get rides into work after my wife drops the kids off at school she takes me to work and I really enjoy riding the bus home.
JONI: Now you take a transfer to get the bus route.
BOB: What I do is I walk. I have a walk about ¼ mile from the church office to the bus stop and then I ride the bus for about 8 miles and then I have about a 20 minute walk to get home from the last bus stop.
JONI: But I've heard you say you like riding the bus.
BOB: I love it! It's one of those things where if I believe that what God says in His word is true that His strength is made perfect in my weakness I have to look at those opportunities when I am challenged, when I have some difficulty brought about by my weakness as an opportunity that God wants to display his strength and so I say "What is the opportunity here?" Well, riding the bus forces me to meet people I would not otherwise have met. I've had conversations with people on the bus regarding everything from when is Jesus going to come back again to is the Bible true?
JONI: Great!
BOB: And these are people that I would never have met if I had been someone with good eyes, so...
JONI: ...and people who might never darken the door of a church or open up God's word.
BOB: Well, in one case I know that to be true.
JONI: Wow!
BOB: Those are just blessings that come about because of circumstances I have as a result of a limitation.
JONI: Well thank you for that attitude. That speaks to me in a wheelchair. And, Bob, with the time we've got left I know there are a couple of young people with disabilities, struggling to come to grips with what God is doing. What advice would you give them?
BOB: I would say, "Always seek God, never run." I know that in simplest terms we can do two things: when we're hurting and when we're struggling, when we're full of grief or fear we can either try to hide from God or we can just go running to him and say, "God I'm hurting, I'm lonely, I'm sad, I'm afraid, I'm crushed." I would plead with you young people if your listening or folks approaching 40 like me or older never run from God, always run to Him and know that He loves you and invites you to come and He is capable of binding broken hearts and wiping tears. He's capable.
JONI: Well, coming from a man with retinitis pigmentosa who has severe limitations, legally blind, speaking to me in this wheelchair that says a lot! Thanks, Bob.
BOB: Thank you.
© Joni and Friends
- Your email address will not be published with your comment or be displayed anywhere on our website.
- We do not rent or sell your personal information to other companies or individuals.
- For more information please see our privacy policy.(Help Me Improve Our Urban Communities In America By Joining My Virtual Organization GRCAM: And Sharing My Book Information)
I created the Grass Roots Community Activist Movement back on a website called Gopher on November 10th, 1991 because I lack support from established black organizations in my city Chicago. The purpose of GRCAM is to form a collective movement that does away with the many divisions within the black community which is counterproductive. This process will begin in Chicago first and spread to other cities once we’re established. We can’t continue to wait on government and corporate America to provide jobs in our community we will teach our clients, members, and our students about Black Wall Street. It’s unacceptable that I have a plan to help improve our inner cities but because I am not affiliated with the political machine in Chicago my ideas are overlooked. cause Help Stop The Genocide In American Ghettos. But glory to God for the internet in the digital age. Since 2001, over 4000 people has been killed in Chicago alone and as a result Chicago is currently the murder capital in America.
I want GRCAM to be a one stop place to network with all of my cyber friends and associates from across America and abroad who are concerned about solving black issues once and for all. GRCAM is a place for my group members to inform the public about your business, your church events, or your cause. Let’s continue to support each other. Children growing up in poverty in America and in Africa are surrounded by lack of opportunity, drugs, and violence. Many GRCAM members have survived these same trials and tribulations such as myself. Now, GRCAM would like to give back to the community by providing goods and services to families that reside in our inner cities. We would like to show the youth in America and in the international community that GRCAM wants to serve urban communities this is what my vision is all about. This is more then about me selling a book my book is just the beginning. I plan to turn my book into a motion picture and also into a prosperous business endeavour.
Our Mission:
To end urban violence, poverty, structural inequality, institutionalized racism, and police brutality within the communities and cities we will serve if given a chance. We believe in educating, empowering, and connecting talented people within and beyond the black community. We promote the creation of economic development, and mentoring programs for at risk youth.
Under the spiritual component we will carry out of the core values of our Christian faith: Faith In Action Network in Chicago, attracting people from diverse communities to form an cooperative alliance with us and build relationships and support initiatives based on my revised book “The Solution For Black America: Reclaiming, Rebuilding, And Restoring The Urban Ghettos In America” second edition on Amazon.com and advocate, model, and celebrate basic human rights.
Our Vision:
To assist single black mothers, single black fathers, and low income two parent families and self-sustaining urban communities through cooperative alliances with similar community organizations. We will work toward the day when every child, youth and adult can feel safe, experiences support and care, and discover ways to use their talent and skills for the greater good of the community.
Our Objective:
To mobilize people across the United States and abroad to purchase my revised book and work with me in getting this book on the best seller list by sharing my book information with your family, friends, place of worship, and at your local community center. The Grass Roots Community Activist Movement is also an organization seeking to add balance in all forms of media and to counteract the negative stereotypes of black males. We are about being pro active in utilizing the positive aspects in the African American community and teach and uplift our black youth through education and community activism. aim is to form a coalition of partners such as Artists, Educators, and Activists who will work in GRCAI.. In order for me to achieve my goal, I need people on my friends list, people in my social groups, and Chicago residents to purchase my revised book.
Join My Google GroupsThe Nigerian military has released a statement today stating that they killed over 50 terrorists yesterday after a daring attack on a military base in Damboa, Borno state. Find the statement signed by military spokesperson Major General Chris Olukolade below...
Over 50 terrorists died as troops repelled a daring attack on troops’ locations in Damboa, Borno State yesterday night. The terrorists had stormed the troops’ bases and police locations while most of the troops were out on patrol of surrounding villages.
A total of 5 soldiers and a senior officer were also killed while repelling the attack. A cordon and search of the locality is ongoing, while the bodies of the fallen soldiers have been recovered and deposited in the military morgue. The wounded are also receiving treatment in the military medical facility.In another development, troops on patrol around Baga area have recovered explosives and rifles concealed in a truck loaded with fish and other commodities. Four suspects have been taken into custody in connection with the incident.
At Konduga also in Borno State, a suicide bomber in a Golf car yesterday crashed into a checkpoint killing himself, a policeman and 3 Vigilante Youth members.
Major General, Chris OLUKOLADE
Director Defence InformationStranraer gaffer Stephen Aitken saw his side move six points clear of Forfar, but said there’s plenty of football to be played in the title race.
The boss was speaking after his side beat the Loons 4-2 at Stair Park on Saturday, sending Dick Campbell’s team down to third.
While the Blues have now become the bookies’ favourites for the League One crown, Aitken urged caution when it comes to giving his side the tag of favourites.
He said: “People will be talking about us winning leagues and things but there are still 15 games to go so we’re not getting carried away.
“We’re enjoying being up there and there’s a wee gap building.
“We’ll enjoy it but we’ve got enough experienced and professional players in the dressing room that know it’s not done yet, there are big teams behind us and Forfar are one of them, they’ll still be right up there at the top at the end of the season.”
Aitken was thrilled with the hosts’ performance in a game he knew could have a huge bearing on the rest of the season.
He continued: “I was delighted with the way we played, we dominated the game for long spells and we deserved to win.
“Come the end of the season, we could look back at this game and see it as one that got us where we wanted to be.”Hello everyone! I missed Amy's Five on Friday last week and so this Friday I'm sharing some photos of plants and flowers that I've seen in the last ten days whilst out-and-about.
1. Barker's Pool Piazza Garden, Sheffield City Centre - this little garden is a good place for shoppers and office workers to sit and take a break.
2. At the local garden centre there are displays of cacti and many pots of chrysanthemums. We went there to buy some seeds as well as more bulbs to plant for the Springtime.
3. At home there's an arrangement of a gift of flowers from a daughter.
4. Local people are thankful for the volunteers in the walled garden next to the library in the park, open to the public for most of the day, who are always busy tidying up the flower beds, working in the glasshouses and the plot of land where fruit and vegetables are grown.
5. In our daughter's garden the Virginia creeper on the fence really is that bright red and orange colour now. The roses, the lavender bushes, the heathers and some fuchsias in a pot are still flowering and the Michaelmas daisies give a seasonal touch.
The link to Five on Friday where you can join in and also
connect with the other participants' blogs
As always I wish you a good day and a peaceful weekend.
I love your post. Beautiful gardens and flowers! I am enjoying the photos of your daughter's garden. Beautiful!
There's still a lot of colour around at the moment. The cactus which is in flower is stunning, so pretty.
I really like that Garden outside the office building. It would be nice when you had a break to go out there and also I imagine the view from that office building is gorgeous. All those beautiful colorful flowers your purse is an explosion of color today which is makes a happy post
Lovely pictures. I miss all the little garden spaces that seem to be around every corner in England. It's always great to see people enjoying the sunshine in these spaces. Not so much here in the US town I now live in. People don't seem to spend a lot of time in the park enjoying the flowers and the sun even in the mid of summer. Thanks for sharing your five!
Such a beautiful post, the stunning plants/ shrubs/flowers are a real delight to see at this time of year. Hope you are well.
Great photos odd the flowers and shrubs and autumnal colours from around your City. xx
A lovely collection of photos for Five on Friday.
Gorgeous fall flowers! Such wonderful garden shots! Really making me long for fall...Not too much longer! :-)
It's amazing how much colour there is around at the moment. The Michaelmas daisies look gorgeous.
Lovely colorful post! Chrysanthemums in pots and in a vase make the autumn. The parthenocissus looks spectacular! Happy weekend Linda!
Lovely shots and good to see so much colour in the gardens still. I love that close up shot of the dahlia, always good to see a blue sky background too.
There are still some gorgeous flowers around to admire. Loved your daughters virginia creeper with its stunning colour and those lovely michaelmas daisies.
Have a wonderful weekend Linda :)
What wonderful colours. My garden is now lacking much colour
So much colour in those beautiful gardens. I would love to visit the walled garden, it looks magical.
Green spaces in cities are so important, I think. Your daughter's garden is especially beautiful! Thanks for sharing the wonderful photos, Linda. xx
Love the Michaelmas daisies against the vivid red of the Virginia Creeper - they really speak of Autumn to me.
PS. Lovely colourful header too
Gardens, nurseries, bouquets just all make my heart happy. Your garden photos are just happy photos. I am partial right now to chrysanthemums; so seeing them especially sings to me.
Lovely garden with lots of color. Hope you have a peaceful weekend!
Such beautiful flowers, first time I've seen Virginia Creeper in a long time, looks gorgeous.
So many charming gardens! I love Virginia Creeper, such beautiful green leaves in the summer followed by the vivid reds of autumn, gorgeous! Glad you are feeling energetic enough to be out and about enjoying this lovely fall season.
beautiful photos! Enjoyed looking at them.
Public green spaces in cities are wonderful places - nature can be so restorative to the human spirit. The Virginia creeper is such a gorgeous bright red - it really livens up the landscape. Happy weekend.
Such gorgeous gardens. Especially the public space. While here, we have a government authority that is tearing down plants and trees and gardens. :(
That's nice to have little parks in the middle of a town ! Your flower pictures are beautiful ! Soon there will be no flowers anymore, sigh !
So beautiful. Thank you for sharing.
j'aime les squares et les parcs des villes
ils sont plein de surprises et de découvertes agréables
ces couleurs magnifiques vestiges d'un été
bonne semaine
je suis très contente de votre reprise de confiance
tendresse
I repeat - Brits are born with the flower gene. Everything is beautiful and your skill with your camera is amazing.
These little town/city gardens are worth their weight in gold always cheering up the day. That combination of purple and red is brilliant. I see you've been having some treatment, glad you can now have a rest from it all.
Linda, beautiful gardens and flowers. I enjoyed the cactus! Give yourself a hug and rest!
There is still so much beauty to be seen on these autumn days. That Virginia creeper with asters and rose is a gorgeous photo.
Dear Linda,
How lovely to see the beautiful parks and gardens with pretty flowers and I enjoyed seeing your five on Friday. Autumn is such a great time of the year with all the colour about.
Hope you are enjoying your weekend
hugs
Carolyn
Hi Linda the flowers and the gardens are breathtaking! Huso
Sandra xx
What lovely, uplifting pics, we need to see images like this now the dark evenings are drawing in. I just loved those pretty blue asters. Little stars.xxxHYPER GO GO: John Peel and eight things to do after an unconferencePosted: October 12, 2010 | Author: Dan Slee | Filed under: hyperwm, local government, Uncategorized | Tags: digital, hyperlocalgovcamp, hyperwm, john peel, skillz, social media, the sex pistols |3 Comments
John Peel once said Punk’s great lesson was that anyone could do it.
All you had to do was knock over a phone box, sell your motorbike and you had enough cash for a day in a studio and 500 7″ singles.
It’s those words that struck me after Hyperlocal Govcamp West Midlands in Walsall.
Run on a shoestring, powered by enthusiasm, favours and goodwill it saw 70 people from across the local government, hyperlocal blogging and open data communities come together in Walsall.
It should never have got off the ground. Once off the ground it should have crashed. Several times. That it stayed airborne should make all those who came proud.
At an unconference there can be a massive surge of ideas powered by conversation and debate. It’s a chance to think and be creative.
All that’s great but is that it?
What’s next?
In the few days after the event, a new hyperlocal Pelsall Common People was started by Jayne Howarth, Dave Musson at Solihull Council started to do cool things with Facebook and the organisation I work for Walsall Council started to trial Yammer. That’s a tiny tip of a large iceberg.
Here’s eight things to do after an unconference.
1. Sit down in a darkened room. If it’s been any good your head is filled with ace ideas and you’ll need a good lie down.
2. Blog. It’s one of the best ways to get your head around an idea. Besides. Everyone loves a sharer.
3. Don’t be despondent. If the unconference has been really good you’ll experience mild depression three days later. It’s the ambition – reality axis. Don’t worry. See 4.
4. Do a small thing. Take out a Flickr account. Go and set-up a Posterous blog. You don’t have to add content just yet but you’ve feel a whole lot better.
5. Catch up. Read the blogs and presentations from sessions you couldn’t get to.
6. Stage an unconference yourself. No, really. Do. Find a few like minded people and do it yourself. They’re very rewarding.
7. Think of the phrase Just Flipping Do It. Write it on your pump bag if you like. JFDI It’s a good motto for life.
8. Think of it as training and not a jolly out of the office. Although if they serve cake it should be a fun experience.
I’ve long thought an unconference works short term and long term. It’s the ideas you can do straight away and it’s the slow burning suggestions that strike you 12 months down the line.
Do people have to wait for permission or someone else to create a bargovcamp?
Of course not. You can run one too. It would be hugely cool if from Hyperlocal Govcamp people were inspired to do it themselves.
To continue flogging the Punk analogy, when The Sex Pistols first played Manchester half the audience went out and formed bands. We got Joy Division, New Order, and The Buzzcocks. That we got Simply Red too shouldn’t be held against it.
For my money, and stay with me here, Localgovcamp in Birmingham was a local government equivalent of the Sex Pistols gig because a slew of inspirational things, events and projects came out of it.
Your unconference DIY toolkit
Dave Briggs’ guide to setting up an unconference we found indispensible.
Andy Mabbett said he’d blog on the things we learned and when he does I’ll insert the link [here].
There’ll also be a collection of resources from #hyperwm [here] very soon.
You can look at the images taken on the day at the #hyperwm Flickr group here.
John Popham points out here that an unconference is a cheap way of training in an era of austerity.
Absolutely spot on Dan. Loving the fact that the photographs and blogs will all be linked in one place. Since attending the Hyperlocalgovcamp in Walsall last week; I have given a lot of thought to setting up a blog or blogs. Trouble is the ideas keep flowing thick and fast. I’m also hoping to meet with our corporate communications and web teams and pass on some of the great articles they may inspire them to see #hyperlocal for what it really is … not a threat but an ally.
It was great to meet so many people with the shared JFDI attitude (thanks Dan). If I missed you this time around, I’m sure I’ll be there next time as there were too many sessions that I wanted to get to but missed.
@wolvesparkies (also @angelfruity)
[…] This post was mentioned on Twitter by Dan Slee, sarahlay and Nigel Howle, PublicSectorBloggers. PublicSectorBloggers said: HYPER GO GO: John Peel and eight things to do after an unconference: John Peel once said Punk’s great lesson was t… […]
[…] HYPER GO GO: John Peel and eight things to do after an unconference « The Dan Slee BlogDan Slee summarises the JFDI/punkish attitude that makes unconferences (such as the recent Hyperlocal Govcamp West Midlands) work and the impact they have after the event. […]To let you know about.
The first one is from Hawthorn Threads.
Gabrielle
or
South Hampton!
Meg over at Boutique Nutmeg Designs is having a giveaway too!
It seems one of her patterns made it into this book. Which you could win!
Good luck!
Happy Cottage Quilter, if you email me at mayhem5@softhome.net with your addy, I'll post the snowflake material to you as quick as I can!
*Smile*
'Night all!
Thanks so much for the snowflake material. I will enjoy a little snow in Florida :-)
Thanks for sharing the wonderful giveaway links. I think I've had my share of winnings lately. I'm taking a break from entering but I love to see what's going on. Take care.
You are so sweet for sharing the news Dee! Thank you!
Wow -- those are gorgeous fabrics. Thanks for the info!Advertisement
Game description
Fairy Kiss
Manual:
Use mouse to play this game.
plays : 1690
rating : 4.7
rating : 4.7
Random online games
Free Mars If you don't win, fascism and corporate slavery does.
Most beautiful bride Help this beautiful bride to choose the most beautiful dress and...
3d Super Ride Grab this fast car and embarked on a whirlwind race.
Sally in the Country Dress Up Sally has a funky city style, but needs something less remarkable for...
Dreamguy Dress Up Create the guy of your dreams. Manual Use your mouse to play...
Princess Rapunzel Makeup Help Rapunzel to choose the perfect makeup.
top searches
AdvertisementThe HCFO program ended in December 2016.
This site will no longer be updated, and some elements may not appear correctly.
Developing Health Systems Surge Capacity: Community Efforts in Jeopardy
Since Sept. 11, 2001, communities have responded to the federal call to enhance health care surge capacity—the—including integrating outpatient providers, expanding staff roles and adapting standards of care during a large-scale emergency—require greater coordination, guidance and policy support. As time passes since 9/11 and Hurricane Katrina, federal funding for surge capacity has waned, and communities are concerned about losing surge capacity they have built.
Chakraborty, Bibhas, Linda M. Collins, Victor J. Strecher, and Susan A. Murphy. 2009. "Developing multicomponent interventions using fractional factorial designs." Statistics in Medicine, 28(21): 2687-2708.
Multicomponent interventions composed of behavioral, delivery, or implementation factors in addition to medications are becoming increasingly common in health sciences. A natural experimental approach to developing and refining such multicomponent interventions is to start with a large number of potential components and screen out the least active ones. Factorial designs can be used efficiently in this endeavor. We address common criticisms and misconceptions regarding the use of factorial designs in these screening studies. We also provide an operationalization of screening studies. As an example, we consider the use of a screening study in the development of a multicomponent smoking cessation intervention. Simulation results are provided to support the discussions.
DOI:10.1002/sim.3643 (Full Text)
PMCID: PMC2746448. (Pub Med Central)
Country of focus: United States of America.
Browse | Search : All Pubs | NextJohn Okafor has opened up on the 200 million dollars allegedly given to the Actors Guild of Nigeria by ex president Goodluck Jonathan,he also shared his thoughts on president Buhari’s anti-corruption war. Excerpts from his interview with Vanguard
What happened to the money,ex-President Jonathan allegedly gave to the AGN as loan?
Laughter…I did not see one naira oohhhh! I do not know who processed and collected it. looking for is hectares of land for the Film Village,then I will leave acting
What..
Source : Gist Arena
Source linkDecorative & Spear Awnings
Factory Direct Pricing
Decorative & Spear Awnings
Custom Made
Decorative & Spear Awnings
Lifetime Arm Warranty
Retractable Window Awnings
Whether its the mid day sun or the late evening sunset, the innovative Retractable Window Awnings allow you to control exactly how much sunlight enters your room. The sun’s warmth and the cool shade are now at your fingertips.
Retractable Window Awnings can be stopped in any position thus covering all or only part of your window providing you just the right amount of shade & privacy.
Retractable Window Awnings are mainly be used to shade windows, but is also used on situations that require protection from that low early morning rising sun or low setting afternoon sun. Window Awnings have a 165 degree range of motion allowing varying degrees of shade as the sun changes position during the day. Whether the sun is high in the sky or low on the horizon the Window Awning allows you to control exactly how much sun enters the room. At its lowest position, Retractable Window Awnings not only eliminate the sun and glare it also provides privacy.
Available in white, cream or brown hardware colors, custom widths from 2<<
6,087 total views, 3 views todayWhat’s Happening in Children’s Ministries (Jan 7, 2018)
Happy New Year to all of you! WCPSS played a little trick on us this morning, but I hope that your children are now settled back into school 😊.
Children’s Ministries is back in full swing and there is A LOT going on. Please read this email in it’s entirety…there is information about Acolyte classes, VBS and Teddy Bear Tea! $1193.57 toward our goal of $3000.00.
- Sunday School and Children’s Chapel resume on Sunday! Sunday School will start at 10:10am in the Education Building and Children’s Chapel, for children ages 3-2nd grade, will be held at the 9am and 11:15am services.
- Pre-EYC meets next Sunday, January 14 at 11:15am. 4th and 5th graders-we are looking forward to seeing you!
Sunday School this Week: Nicodemus Pays a Secret Visit.
Summary: Nicodemus is a religious leader, a Pharisee. He pays a secret visit to Jesus to try to find out who he is, and to learn from him. Jesus talks to Nicodemus about the need to be “born again” or “born from above” (both meanings are acceptable translations from the Greek). Nicodemus misunderstands. He keeps pressing Jesus for understanding, and Jesus, with just a little impatience, keeps explaining how the Spirit will work in us.
Episcopal Thread: “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only-begotten Son…” These words are so famous in Christianity that often one can say only “John 3:16” in place of the words themselves and others will know them. Again in the Episcopal Church, a balance. There is no single sentence that has priority over all others in the Bible. This passage is one of the sentences of comfort that are said by the priest after confession and absolution in Holy Eucharist, Rite I (BCP, p. 332). Nicodemus’ experience is like the experiences of many of us in the church. We wonder, we doubt, we have a hard time understanding. We may leave the church—and then come back. Jesus does not condemn Nicodemus for his doubts. Neither does the Episcopal Church condemn for doubting. Because Anglicans honor reason as one of the “three stools” of Anglicanism (along with Scripture and tradition), doubt is seen as natural. Understanding may come gradually, as it did with Nicodemus. For Anglicans, faith and salvation are part of a process of encountering God and living into a relationship with God that is lifelong, cradle to grave.
Things to wonder with your children:
■■ Who came to see Jesus, and when did he come?
■■ What did he want from Jesus?
■■ What did Jesus say to him?
Please let me know if you have any questions or comments about Children’s Ministries.
See you on Sunday!
Christine
Christine Owens Ingram, SPHR
Parish Administrator and Director of Children’s Ministries
2018 Children’s Calendar
June 11-15 VBS!888-264-6660
Click to Call
888-552-5459
Dumpster Rental in Onalaska, WA
Onalaska, WA homeowners carry out a range of jobs that can cause huge amounts of garbage. More and more residents get in touch with Deliver My Dumpster to order a roll-away dumpster to control their debris removal. We will dispose of the items in your rental unit in a Onalaska landfill so you don’t have to worry with taking time out of your project agenda to handle the mess. Call us at 888-552-5459
and one of our team members will help you get more information.
888-552-5459
There are a lot reasons Onalaska, WA residents contact Deliver My Dumpster whenever they require
dumpsters
. First of all, Deliver My Dumpster works within local standards so you never have to worry about getting punished for where your rental is set or the contents that are discarded. Our Onalaska clients also benefit from our dedication to delivering super fast, quality service. As long as the
roll off dumpster
you need is around, we will have it to you the same day if you require it quick.
What You Should Expect to Spend
Deliver My Dumpster offers Onalaska property owners a simple rental package that will cover most aspects of a typical job.
Transporting the container to and from your destination
A rental period that fits your requirements
Various costs depending on rental size
Additional costs apply if the unit is not loaded properly or is used longer than the rental time
The type of debris that may be removed in a
trash dumpster
, along with the amount of time it is able to remain at your residence, are governed by the state of Washington. In addition there are Deliver My Dumpster procedures and guidelines which you will want to know. Fees, penalties, and similar expenses may be incurred if these regulations are disregarded.
Rental Policies
Before your
dumpster rental
arrives, take a few moments to look over the Washington restrictions that pertain to garbage disposal.
Based upon your project, you may need a permit issued by Onalaska
Don’t place your unit in the vicinity of power lines or other possible dangers
Remember to keep the debris within a safe level so that it doesn’t spill out the top of the unit
Check for legislation that might limit the types of trash you are able to dispose of
Many
roll off dumpster
applications will require a permit in Onalaska. Deliver My Dumpster will help you determine if your project needs a rental permit and can provide guidance on the application process. We will have the information you need to successfully rent a dumpster. If you’re in Onalaska and require a dumpster rental, give Deliver My Dumpster a ring at 888-552-5459
.
Renting a Dumpster in Onalaska, WA: Q&A
Many people have the logistics of renting a dumpster in Onalaska. If you do, Deliver my Dumpster is right here to help out. Regardless if you have questions about how you will get a unit to your part of the Onalaska, the price, or how to use the unit properly, Deliver my Dumpster will tackle all your issues. Any questions you have can be attended to at 888-552-5459
prior to rent. For more information, view a lot of our service areas:
Dumpster rental Brooklyn Park
. Choosing what type of unit you will need is a very frequent question for renters in Washington. The type of rental you will need will be dependant upon how much waste you will need to get rid of. The more debris that will be created, the bigger the unit you will need to get it off your property.
The Fundamentals of Renting a Dumpster in Washington
Renting a dumpster in Washington is effortless, and you can change the rental agreement as needed.
Call ahead to book a unit to ensure speedy delivery.
You will be charged an extra fee if you keep your rental more than the standard time.
If you need a second dumpster, one can be sent out to you.
Talk with Deliver My Dumpster if you have any concerns about your job and particular needs. Contact your Onalaska officials to see if a permit or other paperwork is needed to have a rental on your premises.
Appropriate Rental Utilization
Operating your Onalaska dumpster rental is easy if you can recall the following instructions.
You should load the unit evenly and flatly.
The heavier your trash is, the less you ought to fill up your unit.
Place plywood where the dumpster will be set if you are worried about it leaving markings on concrete or your lawn.
If you are doubtful about what type of garbage can be discarded in Washington, ask before you put anything in your rental unit. To prevent a fine, do not throw away items that require special disposal in your rental.
Cost-Effective Dumpster Renting
Make sure you are aware of the following rules in connection with cost of renting a dumpster in the Onalaska area.
The dimensions of your rental, rental period, and where the delivery will take place establishes the cost.
The estimate is contains delivery, pickup, and total rental time.
Be conscious that some companies charge by the ton when comparing prices.
To get an exact estimate, know what your rental needs are prior to calling a company in Onalaska. When discussing the price with Deliver my Dumpster, refer to any specifics about your project so they can offer you the right materials to get the job done! To get a dumpster rental, call Deliver My Dumpster at 888-552-5459
to find out you options in Onalaska, WA
Plymouth, MN dumpster rental
is another location which we service therefore don’t forget to browse the other top rated cities.
Map of Onalaska:
} else {
Washington
> Dumpster Rental in Onalaska, WA
Dumpster Removal Experts
For more information about our waste
disposal, recycling and dumpster rental
services
888-552-5459
|OK, this is what I think Millipede looks like!
edit: first, original picture isn't working
Ah, maybe not. This is my next idea....
Millipede, am I anywhere close? LOL
Welcome to Backyard Fellowship... A place of fellowship to discuss things you might enjoy in your backyard.
Return to “Photography: People and Pets”
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guestBuy this item and earn 100 reward points.
"Middle.King of Hearts: Pangu, the first living being and creator of the Earth from chaos card back combines a dragon with another famous Chinese element, the Yin-Yang symbol. This symbol represents positive and negative, order and chaos, male and female.Combining elements of Chinese architecture, latticework, and dragon art, the tuck box is the perfect complement to the cards.From TheSunNews.com, Associated Press, 1 Nov 2011.
RALEIGH, N.C. — An advocacy group is using the traditional Mexican holiday known as the Day of the Dead to bring attention to the deaths of migrant farmworkers in North Carolina.
The Farmworker Advocacy Network is holding an event Tuesday in Raleigh to call for better conditions for agricultural workers.
The Day of the Dead, when deceased loved ones are remembered, is celebrated in Mexico and elsewhere at the beginning of November. The advocates say nearly three quarters of migrant and seasonal farmworkers in North Carolina come from Mexico.
The group says there have been at least two farmworker fatalities in the state this year, and eight since 2005. The network says similar Day of the Dead events will be taking place elsewhere in North Carolina.
Source: TheSunNews.com, “Group plans to spotlight NC farmworker deaths” by Associated Press, 1 Nov 2011.
DiscussionONE
While I was awaiting my husbands surgery I had time this week to shop (I feel like I never actually go out shopping and do most of it online). Luckily for me, I was actually needed to get new hand soap when I happened across Bath and Body Works having a big soap sale - 10 for $30! I scooped up a ton - my favorite scents right now are Peach Bellini and Mango Dragon Fruit!
TWO
I didn't pick up too many goodies while shopping; but, I did grab a few that have been on my want list for a little while! I finally got Mac Fix+, a couple new Lush bath melts (and a fresh face mask that I forgot to photograph), Maybelline Gel Eyeliner that I have heard amazing things about, and Herbal Essence Naked Dry Shampoo that is only a few $ so that would be great if it was good!
THREE
I feel like I have been doing really well on my Reading Challenge this year - I'm telling you listening to downloadable Audio books or Audio CD's on my drives have really helped me read a ton of extra books! I'm hooked!
I finished 3 books this week and you can head over to my Reading Challenge page and see which books I have been loving! Also, do you have Goodreads? I'm always looking for more people to follow and I love seeing what everyone is reading!
FOUR
I'm soooo excited for Finding Dory - it is released today! I'm taking the family to see it ASAP (hopefully tonight!) Finding Nemo is one of my favorite Disney movies; it is hilarious! Plus this one has a whale shark, a beluga, and baby otters! I can't wait!
FIVE
I just found out I will be returning to shift work this Summer - I have been is a Monday-Friday position for the past 3 years as I have had a secondment position in my workplace. I will be back working a 6 day on, 3 day off rotation. I am actually looking forward to a little more "me" time, but will have to be on opposite shifts from my husband for a while (we work together in the same building). It will be a bit of an adjustment as I have felt like I've had a "normal" schedule for the last little while!
I hope everyone has a great weekend! I'm looking forward to a quieter weekend than the last few I have had!
This is a link up with a.liz adventures, Darci, Christina, and Natasha where we can all share 5 things on our mind this week!
Sounds like you've had a busy week! Lovely post! x
Victoria |
Thanks Victoria - busy, but good!
I feel for your husband having to have another surgery. I had one last summer and I am still recovering. I hope he heals quickly! I recently grabbed ten soaps too...I love Peach Bellini. Perfect for summer! I haven't smelled Mango Dragonfruit, so I'll look for that next time. :) Can't wait to see Finding Dory, hopefully in IMAX 3D!!
Wendy | Fashionable Heart
THanks for the kind words - we are hoping a quick recovery this time! Yes, Peach Bellini is so good! One of my favs!
Love the new look of your blog!
Hope your husband feels better soon and that is an amazing B&BW deal, I need to get me some. Hope the deal is stil on!!
Thanks Leonie! It's still a work in progress, but I'm really happy with the new look! Yes, go get some soaps!!!
Curious to know your thoughts on that dry shampoo! I love their Naked line of products. I work shift work as well and if definitely had pros and cons. Glad to hear your husband's surgery went well.
So far so good - the best part of the dry shampoo is the smell!!! And it has very little white cast which is awesome!Magitech
iPhone Apps
iPad Apps
PC Games
Forum
Downloads
Water Dance
Dance with water from your fingertips. Touch the screen and feel the motion of the water drops as you relax and marvel at the simplicity of this entertainment app on your iPhone or iPad. Streams of water will follow your finger tip shooting up from the bottom of the screen as the background shifts colours. Swiping your finger along the screen will allow the stream to climb higher and higher. If you tap the top of the screen, droplets will slowly cascade downward like gentle rain. This app is great to use as a sleep aid in rain mode, as the relaxing sound of the water bursting creates a calming feeling. Select and play music from your playlist in app to set the mood for your experience as water dances across your screen.
Features:
- Water droplets are activated by touch and a stream of water will follow where you tap and swipe.
- Droplets are randomized with various droplet sizes which will gently pop when they fall to the bottom of the screen.
- Water Dance supports multi-touch so you can use multiple finger taps to create beautiful water designs.
- Listen to the soothing sounds of water drops bursting as they hit the bottom of the screen.
- Taping at the top of the screen will activate rain mode in which water droplets will rain down automatically from the top of the screen in a calm and lovely fashion.
- Can be a peaceful sleep aid as the sound of softly falling water droplets creates a restful atmosphere.
- If you don’t touch the screen for several seconds, rain mode will activate creating a tranquil screensaver.
- Play background music directly from your music playlist to help you relax and enjoy the interaction.
- By swiping on the screen and moving your finger, you can increase the speed of the water stream and draw the water higher.
- You can toggle on water sounds and change background colours in a settings screen.
- Take a moment to clear your mind and create a beautiful scene on your Apple device!LI occupational therapy assistant program, registering in a technical degree program,.
Nurse Assistant-Certified
A Member of Ascension Health
Reports findings or changes in physical, mental and emotional conditions to nursing staff. In lieu of CNA registry, successful completion of an accredited..
4 hours ago RN-Operating Rooms-Part Time
Intermountain Healthcare
Promotes nursing profession and participate in development of others. The staff RN utilizes the nursing process by use of technology, therapeutic intervention..
2 hours ago COORDINATOR OF HEALTH SERVICES AND WELLNESS
Billerica Public Schools
Master's Degree from an accredited college or university with a major in one of the relevant educational areas (Nursing, Health, Physical Education, or Social..
4 hours ago Registered Nurse LPG Telehealth
Lee Memorial Health System
Certification in Ambulatory Nursing preferred. Graduate of an accredited nursing program. Completion of Certification in Ambulatory Nursing when eligible.
8 hours ago Business Office Manager
Executive Search Solutions
Nursing Home Business Office Manager qualifications . Prior Nursing Home / SNF experience is required. Significant Skilled Nursing Facility BOM experience is.. occupational therapy assistant program
720 Northern Blvd
Brookville, NY 11548
720 Northern Blvd
Brookville, NY 11548
Students looking at Brookville, San Joaquin Delta College financial aid office email Carleton College admission cost Cuyahoga Community College District respiratory therapy major degree requirements Century College nursing assistant program Mount San Antonio College online graduate classes Johnson County Community College youth programs Brookville, NY occupational therapy assistant program University of Colorado research assistant Brandeis University scores OTC geomatics Utah State University hydrologyHand writing analysis
Take this free handwriting analysis course so you can better understand your family, friends, ancestors, and yourselfThe Writing Center Campus Box 5137 SASB North Suite 0127 UNC CH Chapel Hill, NC 27599 CSSAC Home phone: (919) 962 7710 email: writingcenter. Tzigeorgiou's 7th Grade English Class. Onsored by Handwriting University.. Ndwriting analysis (graphology) for: corporate personal media. ONES We will divide the individual letters into three zones to better understand how the writer makes specific use of! What to consider when writing a process essay A process paper either tells the reader how to do something or describes how something is done. Areer guidance. Plicant screening. Process analysis is a method of paragraph or essay development by which a writer explains step by step how something is done or how to do something. E documents listed below are in PDF format. Eam building. Writing and Reading Relationships: Constructive Tasks. Plicant screening. This handout on transitions will introduce you to some useful transitional expressions and help you employ them effectively. ONES We will divide the individual letters into three zones to better understand how the writer makes specific use of. Classical Genetics Simulator. Resource for handwriting analysis courses, books, tapes, and FAQs. Dith A. Eam building. Areer guidance. Graphology is the analysis of the physical characteristics and patterns of handwriting purporting to be able to identify the writer, indicating psychological state at. Handwriting Analysis Terms. You write your. Ndwriting analysis (graphology) for: corporate personal media. handwriting research corporation. Worksheets and Hand outs. Nger and Sheila Flihan This excerpt is a chapter in Writing: ResearchTheoryPractice, Roselmina. Order to view and print the files. Web based genetics lab, allowing students to apply lessons in Mendelian genetics to real world scenariosHandwriting Analysis Terms. handwriting research corporation.
- It s not easy being mean book review
- Historical heritage essay examples
- Assignment of subrogation rights
- Social advertisement essay paper
- Research paper on andragogy
- Paid to write online
- What were the key features of public health in roman britain essay
- My favourite recipe essay
- What were the key features of public health in roman britain essay
- Appearance versus reality macbeth essay soliloquy
- Oval paper punch
- Html assignments with code
- Thesis titles for hospitality managementThe House and Senate are in recess until September. The Senate will meet September 24, 25; October 1, 2, 3, 15, 16, 17; November 14 for election of leadership for next session. The House will meet September 24, 25; October 1, 2, 3, 4, 15, 16, 17, 18. The House will meet in lame-duck sessions on November 13, 14, 19, 20.
Public Hearings
September 12—Senate Judiciary Committee holds a hearing on Senate Bill 1002 (Stack-D-Phila) providing for the offense of home invasion. Philadelphia Bar Association, 1101 Market Street, 11th Floor, 10 a.m.
September 12—House Judiciary Committee holds a hearing on Senate Bill 943 (Corman-R-Centre) imposing an alcohol offense prevention fee in certain municipalities, Senate Bill 941 (Corman-R-Centre) further providing for misconduct, purchase and consumption of alcohol. Council Chambers, State College. 10 a.m.
NEW September 18—House Judiciary Committee holds a hearing on House Bill 2590 (Saccone-R-Allegheny) providing for administrative subpoenas for investigations into sexual exploitation and abuse of children. Jefferson Hills Municipal Center, Jefferson Hills, Allegheny County, 10 a.m.
NEW September 18–House Democratic Policy Committee will hold a hearing on the effects of solitary confinement. Temple University President’s Conference Suite, Philadelphia, 10 a.m..Question :
What is the story of Zaid Bin Harithah and his marriage to Zainab, whom the Prophet
married after her? And How did their
marriages begin, and how did they end? (We ask) because we have heard
from some people in certain Arab countries that (they claim that) the
Prophet
was in love with Zainab, as well as other
stories that I cannot bring myself to write to you what I have heard.
Pleased clarify for me.
Answer :
Zaid, the son of Harithah bin Sharahil Al-Kalbi, was the slave of Allah's Messenger
, whom he had freed and taken him
as his son, and he was known as Zaid bin Muhammad, until Allah revealed
His Words:
"Call them (adopted sons) by (the names of) their fathers."
Al-Ahzab 33 :5.
So they called him Zaid bin Harithah. As for Zainab, she was the daughter of Jahsh bin Ri'ab Al-Asadiyyah and her mother was Umaimah bint 'Abdul-Muttalib, the paternal aunt of the Messenger of Allah
. with regard to the story of Zaid's marriage to Zainab, it
was the Messenger of Allah
who arranged it for him,
due to his having been his slave and his adopted son; he proposed the
her on Zaid's behalf, but she rejected him, saying: "I am of more noble descent than him." Then, it was reported that Allah revealed regarding this his Words:
"It is not for a believer, man or woman, when Allah ad His Messenger have a decreed a matter that they should have any option in their decision. And whoever disobeys Allah and His Messenger, he has indeed strayed in a plain error."
Al-Ahzab 33 :36.
So she responded in obedience to Allah and in fulfillment of the wishes of His Messenger
. She lived with Zaid for about a
year, then there took place them what (often) takes place between a man
and his wife (i.e. disagreement) and so Zaid complained of her to the
Messenger of Allah
, due to their relationship to
him, for he was his (former) slave and his foster son, while Zainab was
his paternal aunt's daughter. And it seem that Zaid suggested divorcing
her, so Allah's Messenger
ordered to hold onto her
and b patient with her, in spite of his knowledge, through Revelation
from Allah that would divorce her and she would become his wife, for he
feared that people would think it shameful that he had married the wife
of his son, as this had been forbidden during the Jahiliyyah. But Allah
censured His Prophet
in this matter in His Words:
"And when you said to him on whom Allah has bestowed grace and you have done favor; "Keep your wife to yourself and fear Allah." But you did hide in yourself that which Allah will make manifest ; you did fear the people whereas Allah had a better right that you should fear Him."
Al-Ahzab 33 : 37.
This means - and Allah Knows best - you hide within yourself what Allah has informed you, that Zaid will divorce his wife, Zainab and you will marry her - in implementation of Allah's Command and confirmation of His Wisdom - and you fear the gossip of the people and their accusations against you in that regard, while Allah has more right to be feared by you, so announce what he has revealed to you regarding the detail of your affairs, and those of Zaid and his wife, without heed to the talk of people and their accusations against you. As for the marriage of the Prophet
to Zainab, may Allah be pleased with her, he
proposed to her after the expiry of her "Iddah" (The prescribed waiting oeriod for a woman following divorce, during which she may not marry.)
following her divorce from Zaid.Then Allah married him to her, without
any Waliy and without witnesses, for he
was
guardian of all believers; indeed he has more right over them than they
themselves. Allah, the Most High says:
"The Prophet has more right over the believers than they do over themselves."
Al-Ahzab 33 : 6.
Thus, Allah abolished adoption as it had been practiced in the Pre-Islamic period of ignorance, and He permitted the Muslims to marry the widow or divorced wives of their adopted sons, as a mercy from Him upon the believers, and in order to relieve them of their difficulties. As for what has been reported about the Prophet
could
marry her after him- none of this has been authentically reported. The
Prophets are too noble of character, too selfless, too virtuous of
disposition, too high in rank and standing to do such a thing. Also, it
was the Prophet
who proposed ti her on behalf of
Zaib, may Allah be pleased with him, and she was his cousin, so if he
had been in love with her, he could have married her himself in the
first place, especially since she had refused the proposal of Zaid and
was unhappy with it, until the Verse was revealed, after which she
accepted it. This was no more than Ordainment from Allah and His Plan,
to remove the practices of pre-Islamic period of ignorance, and it was a
mercy for the people, easing restrictions for them, as Allah, the most
High says:
"So when Zaid had accomplished his desire from her (i.e. divorced her), We gave her to you in marriage, so that there may be no difficulty to the believers in respect of the wives of their adopted sons when the latter have no desire to keep the. Those who convey the Messenger of Allah and fear Him and fear none except Allah. And sufficient is Allah as a Reckoner. Muhammad is not the father of any man among you, but he is the Messenger of Allah, and the last (end) of the Prophets. And Allah is Aware of all things."
Al-Ahzab 33 : 37-40.
And may peace and blessings of Allah be upon our Prophet, Muhammad, and upon all his family and Companions.
The Permanent Committee
Tags : talaq, divorce, shadi, marriage, momin, believerI’ve wrote about my take on fundraisers two years back. It seems like the number of fundraisers has slowed a bit since then, though we belong to the same relevant organizations. But, the season is upon us so I thought an update was in order.
This year, I’ve paid my membership dues to our clubs and schools, and sent a bit of extra money their way to account for the fundraising I don’t plan to participate in. At present, we’re in fundraising season for 5th grade graduation, plus they requested a contribution check. This is our first graduation season and thus far fundraising seems to consist of selling candy, baked goods, drinks, etc. at other school events. I sent my contribution check, but the events aren’t things I plan to go to.
Today the elementary school had a fundraiser with the local farm stand. This I do participate in. The difficulty is that at this point of the winter they don’t have much local produce so its more like a boutique grocery store. So, I bought apple cider, deli chicken, and flowers. Unfortunately, our preschool has its fundraiser at the same farm stand next week so I may have more cider and flowers to enjoy. I might indulge in some fancy cheese. It would have been great if they’d been spaced out a bit, but few people are associated with both so the schedules aren’t coordinated.
James Garlimah – Bout It [Canadian Unsigned Artist]
The Plot to This Story too Thick - Try & figure it out at the end.
Instagram: @JamesGarlimah
Managers –Twitter: @Casino_Smooth
For any Inquiries regarding James Garlimah, email Casino Smooth at CasinoVideoPromo@gmail.com
Please click the “Report” button below if the video on this page is not working properly.
Comments will only be displayed by verified emails. No Spamming or Racism.The 10-year-old is six months pregnant but an Indian court also said that abortion was ‘not an option this stage’ because she is so far into her pregnancy.
The girl told her mother that she had been raped after they discovered she was pregnant when she complained of stomach pains.
She said that she had been sexually assaulted six times by her uncle when he visted their home in India, according to the Indian Express.
They applied to the court to allow her to have a termination, but Indian law states that women are not allowed the procedure beyond 20 weeks unless it threatens the mother’s life or if the foetus is genetically not viable.
Eight doctors examined her and they ruled that she should give birth because ‘the foetus is viable and can survive even if delivered now’.
One of the doctors told CBS: ‘Abortion is not an option at this stage. The only way to terminate the pregnancy is to deliver the baby.’
However, another doctor, Puneet Bedi who is based in Delhi, told The Quint that the abortion should ‘take place immediately’ to protect the girl’s psychological well-being.
She said: ‘Yes, there are risks and abortion at this stage is tough, but for the girl, who is still developing, the scars will be many.’
Umesh Jindal told the Times of India: ‘If legal permission is granted treating it as an exceptional case, it’s better to terminate the pregnancy.’
The girl’s family are now considering whether to appeal the decision at a higher court.
Text GMB To 33353 For SMS Updates MTN Only
Download GMB ANDROID APP GMB IPHONE APP
EmoticonEmoticonStarting for the Illini ...
Linebacker Mason Monheim - the Cover Boy for this Sunday's News-Gazette - and his No. 43 jersey should find itself among the starters when Illinois opens against Southern Illinois on Aug. 31. Beat writer MATT DANIELS offers up his take on who else will line up as a starter against the Salukis.
OFFENSE
QB Nathan Scheelhaase - Senior only needs nine starts this year to surpass Juice Williams as career leader at this position
RB Donovonn Young - If you see the Texan going north-south more often than east-west, Bill Cubit will have a smile on his face
WR Ryan Lankford - Won’t overwhelm a defensive back with size, but could turn into Scheelhaase’s favorite target
WR Spencer Harris - Might have to look twice at the former clean-shaven senior. Arkansas native sporting long hair and a bushy beard now.
WR Miles Osei - Former quarterback is lacking on catches in his career, but not in leadership ability
TE Jon Davis - If his knee holds up. If it doesn’t, line up Evan Wilson and throw him the ball. He’s 6-6, 250. Easy to spot.
LT Simon Cvijanovic - In charge of protecting Scheelhaase’s blind spot, Ohioan has bulked up since last year.
LG Michael Heitz - The most experienced linemen in terms of games played, junior has had a solid training camp.
C Alex Hill - Ron Zook brought the Louisiana native to Illinois so he could snap the ball. He’ll get his chance in the opener.
RG Joe Spencer - Redshirt last year won’t have to wait long to start his first college game with Ted Karras likely sidelined.
RT Corey Lewis - Should start. The real key is to see how he holds up. Five knee surgeries are never good statistics when it comes to offensive linemen.
DEFENSE
DE Tim Kynard -Has had to become the leader of an otherwise inexperienced unit. So far, he has filled the role just how Tim Beckman wants him to.
DT Jake Howe -Unproven. And he knows it. Missed most of last season with a broken hand, so he’s a bit of an unknown going into the fall.
DT Austin Teitsma -Probably the happiest guy on the team, Teitsma would make his teammates even happier with a breakout season.
DE Houston Bates -Technically, he’s the LEO. Getting to the quarterback is the former linebacker’s main responsibility.
LB Jonathan Brown -Poised to bounce back from a frustrating 2012. Keeping him on the field is a must for a defense looking for playmakers.
LB Mason Monheim -Can he avoid the sophomore slump? Can he become the future pitchman for Smuckers if he continues to progress? Yes to both questions.
LB Mike Svetina -Again, another player whose role isn’t necessarily at linebacker, but the sophomore should start at the STAR position with Eric Finney’s knee injury.
CB V’Angelo Bentley -Played in a reserve role as a true freshman last year. Now he’ll start in a revamped secondary.
CB Eaton Spence -Another new name to a new-look defensive backfield. Spence has a year on Bentley after redshirting in 2011, but only has two career starts to his name.
FS Taylor Barton -Looks like he could fit in well on “Duck Dynasty.” More Illinois fans will remember him, though, if he carries over his superb spring game to the fall.
SS Earnest Thomas - If any of his fellow DBs need answers to a question, he’s the guy they turn to. Confident Michigan native is expecting big production from his unit this fall.
SPECIAL TEAMS
K Taylor Zalewski - On scholarship for the first time in his college career, Orland Park native clearly has had the best camp when it comes to field goals and kickoffs.
P Justin DuVernois - Produces spirals on a consistent basis with his foot the way Wes Lunt does throwing the ball. Florida native has proven he’s no longer a question mark.
KR Josh Ferguson - Shifty. Elusive. Quick. All traits coaches want to see out of a player in this position.
PR V’Angelo Bentley - Is this finally the guy to turn around Illinois’ woeful numbers at this position? Has the speed to do so, but no one’s quite sure what to expect out of him in the.Genesis 3:1-8: The pattern of temptation
.” NIV UK
‘’When the woman saw…’’ (6).
That was the top of the slippery slope. She experienced what John calls: ‘’the lust of’’ the ‘’eyes’’ (1 John 2:16).
‘’When the woman saw…she took some and ate it.’’
But it didn’t stop there: ‘’She also gave some to her husband, who was with her, and he ate it.’’ He should have known better. But there’s a warning here: we can quickly involve others in our sinning.
In spite of clearly knowing God’s command (2, 3), when this fish spotted the juicy morsel dangling on the end of the line, she was quickly hooked.
A children’s chorus says, ‘Be careful little eyes what you see.’ There is such wisdom in that little song. If we are honest with ourselves, we know that regularly temptation gets onto the premises of our lives by means of the eye-gate. Yet we often allow ourselves to be vulnerable because we like what we see and we want to look. Then we decide to linger in our looking, and before we know it we’re whooshing down the icy ski slope and we don’t know how to stop.
‘They order of temptation is always the same: the tempter without, and within the strong desire for sensual gratification, with the secret hope that somehow the consequences may be avoided. The eye inflames passion; passion masters the resistance of the will; the body obeys its impulse; the act of gratification is followed immediately by remorse and guilt. Then we need the second Adam!’F.B. Meyer: ‘Devotional Commentary’, p.16.
PRAYER: Lord please help me to nip sin in the bud. Thank you too that ‘a second Adam to the fight and to the rescue came.’’ I can place no hope in myself; my trust is in Jesus.BC.
In fact, there’s an interesting graph you should take a look at that splits worldwide spending on robots into four categories: military, industrial, commercial, and personal. In 2015, BCG estimates about $11.0B in spending is for 1.2 million industrial robots, of which 40% (~ $4.4B) are used in automobile factories.
However, robots are moving from manufacturing cars to driving them (think Google). The rest of the industrial segment ($6.6B) and the commercial segment (at $5.9 billion) include a wide range of new applications. Robots are moving into medical, surgical, agricultural, construction, e-commerce fulfillment, and material handling applications.
To profit from the robotic megatrend, BCG encourages managers and executives to identify:
1) Areas of operations with high labor costs – where robot can produce cost savings
2) Tasks that people can’t, won’t, or shouldn’t do – that may lead to injury
3) Human skill gaps – such as real-time analysis, super speed or strength
4) Mission-critical applications – that demand exceptional precision, flexibility, or speed
5) High complexity – of changing supply chains with vast supplier networks
The good news is, Universal Robotics sells the “brain” for robots, with its product called Neocortex, which allows flexible human-like behavior to solve these problems. Check us out: Universal Robotics.Tags: AI, growth of robotics, robot labor replacementSoo… lets see. I spent the last two weeks in Utah doing chores. Yes, chores. Well, not all the time, but all in all, Tina and I had a total of like five hours by ourselves. I BARELY got to see Clint twice (BBQ’d some steaks in the canyon and went to say goodbye to him at his work) and it wasn’t nearly enough. We helped Tina’s mom find a car (she choose a 2004 Monte Carlo) and I had to rebuild her deck since it collapsed (not surprising since it was held up ONLY by 4 screws). Visited both our parents a few times, and went to Vegas to visit my brother. (We also got my new book Phantom signed by Terry Goodkind. He wrote “In freedoms light” in my little brothers and my books since we’re in the military. It was quite fun. Well, except the 5 hour waiting to get it signed, but it did give me a good start reading the book. I’ve said this a few times already but READ THESE BOOKS! They’re awesome. Names are under my user-info if you want to check back later.
So anyway, it was a vacation… well, a necessary evil anyway. Visited the family and finished the few things we had to do while there. Despite being exempt on drivers license, I figured I would get a new one since I’ll be out long before the new one expires.
Other news, I got a new cell phone. A LG Fusic. It plays MP3’s and stuff. I’m hoping to sign up for the Phone as Modem package someday so I can use it to get online while at work and such. Need to wait until I get more money though. We had to get new phone numbers though, but that was just because we had to change the plan from Tina’s name to mine. We are actually paying about $15 less now than we were before and we have more features than we used to. Yay for 15% military discount! I’ll post my new contact info after this in a friends-only post and memory it for ya.
So, that’s what’s been happening. As for what’s coming up?
I have been awarded my B.S. degree in Comp Sci from Campbell, and have signed up for my first couple classes from UMUC. I paid for my books already, and it was only about $110 for both classes. That’s cheaper than one book from my campbell classes. I’m sure it’ll change though. I’ll list the class/book info later in the post just in case anyone cares.
So, now I’m back at home. Actually at work now. Back on mids, which is 11pm-7am. I really don’t mind since I’m a night person anyway… and nights are really slow! Lots of free time. I like it.
Well, guess I’m going to go read some more of Phantom. (Again, you need to read it! 🙂
Peace!
MSWE 601 – Issues in Software Engineering
USCP 611 – Introduction to Graduate Library Research Skills (Non-Credit class required by all graduates.)Shockaholic (Audiobook)
Told with the same intimate style, brutal honesty, and uproarious wisdom that placed Wishful Drinking on the New York Times bestseller list for months, Untitled is the juicy account of Carrie Fisher's life, focusing mostly on the Star Wars years. Chosen to play Princess Leia when she was only nineteen years old, Fisher delves into the gritty details that made the movie - and herself - such a phenomenal success, admitting 'It isn't all sweetness and light sabers'.
uploaded (Part 1)
uploaded (Part 2)
oboom (Part 1)
oboom (Part 2)
uploaded (Part 1)
uploaded (Part 2)
oboom (Part 1)
oboom (Part 2)
Related books
- Wishful Drinking [Audiobook]
- Shockaholic
- A Journey: My Political Life (Audiobook)
- Last Words: A Memoir (Audiobook)
- Last Words: A Memoir (Audiobook)
- Going Home to Glory: A Memoir of Life with Dwight D. Eisenhower, 1961-1969 (Audiobook)
- The Fry Chronicles: An Autobiography (Audiobook)
- The Godfather (Audiobook)
- The Godfather (Audiobook)
- State of Denial: Bush at War, Part III (Audiobook)
Random books
- State, Science and the Skies: Governmentalities of the British Atmosphere (RGS-IBG Book Series)
- Das Ende der Weltwirtschaft und ihre Zukunft: Crisis Economics
- Chinese Art: A Guide to Motifs and Visual Imagery
- State Violence in Northern Ireland 1969-1997
- Live Now: Artful Messages of Hope, Happiness & Healing
- Drawing - The Process
- Formwork for Concrete Structures
- The Dog Lived (and So Will I): A Memoir
- A Dance with Death: Soviet Airwomen in World War II
- Financial & Managerial Accounting (3rd edition)
- Victoria Gallagher - Circles of Energy - Chakra Balance Hypnosis
- Mission-Critical Security Planner: When Hackers Won't Take No for an Answer
- Secrets of Rook Endings
- A Companion to Roman Architecture
- A Guide to SQL
Top books
- 80/20 Sales and Marketing
- Metallogeny and Petrogenesis of Lamprophyres in the Mid-European Variscides
- Forensic Science in Healthcare: Caring for Patients, Preserving the Evidence
- Forgotten God: Reversing Our Tragic Neglect of the Holy Spirit
- Managerial Economics: A Problem-Solving Approach
- Out of Poverty: Sweatshops in the Global Economy
- Die Päpste: Herrscher über den Glauben - von Petrus bis Franziskus
- Last Utopia: Human Rights in History
- Sustainable Energy Systems and Applications
- Transboundary Water Resources Management: A Multidisciplinary Approach
- Ancient Greek Athletics
- From the Tree to the Labyrinth
- Treating Adult Substance Abuse Using Family Behavior Therapy: A Step-by-Step Approach
- Pentaho Data Integration Cookbook, Second Edition
- Chi Kung - The Healing Workout
Today books
- Theo Pointner - Rosenmunds Tod (Re-Upload)
- Leonardo - La Tecnica Pittorica (Art dossier Giunti)
- Private Guns, Public Health
- Planet America: Ein Ami erklärt sein Land
- Pluralsight - C# Collections Fundamentals
- The Modernism Handbook
- The Universe in the Rearview Mirror: How Hidden Symmetries Shape Reality
- Encyclopedia Of Business And Finance Vol 1 & 2
- Contemporary Renovations & Additions
- Checkliste Neurologie (Auflage: 3)
- Deconstructing the Elements with 3ds Max
- Jerry Brown, Frommer's Alaska Cruises & Ports of Call 2009
- Pro Silverlight for the Enterprise
- Stochastic Finance: An Introduction in Discrete Time, 3 edition
- Automobilhersteller ohne eigene Marke: Aufstieg, Krise und PerspektivenBRIEF HISTORY.
Tumangas and his tribe moved westward to establish an independent settlement in Balikatkaton (present site of Barangay Da-anbanwa) which was then separated from the Ulian River by a lake. Kaputi and his tribe get the eastern side, which was known later as Dueñas. For so many years the place was governed by the natives and they lived in prosperity and contentment.
It was believed one sunny day in the year 1569, that a group of Spaniards who had just occupied and settled in Aklan made it a policy to penetrate the hinterlands to gather foods, wealth and to know places. At about the middle of the 18th century they reached Balikatkaton. The natives fled upon seeing the white men except one who was unaware that was fishing in the lake. A Spaniards soldier approached the man and through a Malay interpreter inquired what the name of the place was. The man believing that he was fishing in the lake by means of the line and hook. The Spaniards thought it was correct answer to his question, but because it was rather long, he shortened it by calling "LAMBUNAO", and forthwith the place by this time.
LOCATION AND ACCESSIBILITY
POLITICAL SUBDIVISION
RESOURCE PROFILE
Land Area
It has a land area of 40,709.00 hectares or 246.90 sq. km.,ranks second among the 43 municipalities of the province, endowed with vast resources, cool climate, rich cultural heritage and inhabited by peace loving and progress oriented populace.
Climate
There is only one common distinct climate in this municipality, which is ideal for planting of multiple crops. It has a type "C" (moist) rain sufficiency distributed with almost 4 1/2 dry months or first-type climate with two distinct seasons of six months; wet from June to January and four months dry from February to April which favor harvesting of late varieties of rice. Heavy rains, which are in to fall about Mid-May enable, rice farmers to prepare rice beds and plant upland rice.
Its average annual rainfall is 4.511 for 1996 occasionally, a very pronounced drought occurs, like the one which started in November 1994 and lasted up to the month of June 1985, which hamper crop production of Lambunao. The average temperature is 27.90C and the average humidity is 77.8%. This municipality is not within the country's typhoon belt although tropical storms and occasional typhoons pass through this municipality. The worst typhoon to hit Lambunao in this century was on November 13,1990. This suspertyphoon "Ruping" brought about destructions, which the residents have never experienced in their whole life. Hoses, public buildings, trees, electric lines and crops were devastated. Thousands were rendered home less.
Cyclones and Tornadoes are also occasional happenings. Earthquakes are rare occurrences. The latest earthquake occurs last June 21, 1990. It has an intensity of 6 in the Richter Scale. Its epicenter was plotted near Kalibo, Aklan. No damage was reported in the municipality.
Mineral Resources
Sand and Gravel are the only mineral resources of the municipality. These are found in the river beds of Ulian and Tacbakan Rivers, which crosses their way towards the adjacent town, or municipality of Dueñas. Sand and Gravel are utilized by this town as a construction material in constructing various projects of the municipality as well as the seventy three (73) barangays comprising the municipality of Lambunao. Sand and Gravel are the most important material needed by the municipality in maintaining barangay roads, as well as in the improvement of buildings and various infrastructure projects.
DEMOGRAPHIC PROFILE
INFRASTRUCTURE AND UTILITIES
Primary and Elementary
Secondary EducationBrownings the Bakers ends trademark row with Kilmarnock football club
Brownings the Bakers has ended its trademark disagreement with Kilmarnock Football Club.
Over the past 10 months, the two companies have been in a legal battle over the rights to the trademark ‘Killie Pie’.
In May 2016, Brownings decided to rebrand the ‘Killie’ pie to the Kilmarnock pie, following a dispute with football club Kilmarnock FC, with whom it had a contract to make the pies.
John Gall, managing director of Brownings, said it was time for both parties to focus on what they do best.
“Following a successful rebrand to the Kilmarnock Pie, sales are now higher than ever,” he said.
“It has actually been beneficial for us because the name Killie is only really known by locals; changing the name to Kilmarnock has given us the opportunity to make the brand synonymous with where it’s from, and hopefully over time, it will help raise the profile of the town. It’s time that I focused on other business affairs and I hope Kilmarnock Football Club do the same.”
The decision comes a month after Brownings took the top prize at the World Championship Scotch Pie Awards.
The Kilmarnock Pie is gaining recognition across the UK and was supplied to Wembley Stadium in November for the England vs Scotland game.
The pie is currently available in more than 70 Aldi stores in Scotland and will also be available in Sainsbury’s stores at the beginning of April.
Want more stories like this in your inbox?
Keywords:
- bakery
- Brownings the Bakers
- Killie pie
- bakery news
- kilmarnock football club
- trademark disagreement
- Kilmarknock Pie
Related articles:
My Account
Spotlight
Most read
Social
Calendar
- 28 - 31 January, 2018
ISM Cologne
-
- 07 February, 2018
Food to go Conference
- 08 February, 2018
Food & Drink Export Conference…nature compells us to [death]. “Depart,” says she, “out of this world even as you came int it. The same way you came from death to life, return without passion or amazement from life to death. Your death is but a piece of the world’s order, and but a parcel of the world’s life.
“Shall I not change this goodly contexture of things for you? It is the condition of your creation: death is a part of yourselves: you fly from yourselves. The being you enjoy is equally shared between life and death. The first day of your birth doth as well address you to die as to live.
“Life in itself is neither good nor evil: it is the place of good or evil, according as you prepare it for them. And if you have lived one day, you have seen all: one day is equal to all other days. There is no other light, there is no other night. This sun, this moon, these stars, and this disposition, is the very same which your forefathers enjoyed and which shall also entertain your posterity.
“And if the worst happen, the distribution and variety of all the acts of my comedy is performed in one year. If you have observed the course of my four seasons; they contain the infancy, the youth, the virility, and the old age of the world. He hath played his part: he knows no other wiliness belonging to it, but to begin again. It will ever be the same, and no other.
Make room for others, as others have done for you. Equality is the chief groundwork of equity; who can complain to be comprehended where all are contained? So may you live long enough, you shall never diminish anything from the time you have to die: it is bootless; so long shall you continue in that state, which you fear, as if you had died being in your swadling clothes and when you were suckling.
“…no man dies before his hour. The time you leave behind was no more yours than that which was before your birth, and concerneth you no more.
“…And if company may solace you, doth not the whole world walk the same path? Do not all things move as you do, or keep your course. Is there anything grows not old together with yourself? A thousand men, a thousand beasts, and a thousand other creatures die in the very instant that you die.”
There you go. Has death lost its sting for you now? To be fair, Montaigne says we need to be thinking about death all the time before we really get comfortable with it, and being sick and infirm doesn’t hurt either. Both Montaigne and Pascal despise the “just don’t think about it” plan. Instead, we are supposed to face death and figure out a reason why it’s not that bad. But I’ve never liked reasoning to a predetermined conclusion. What if death really is that bad?
I’m surprised that Montaigne leaves out something that I suspect gives a lot of people comfort in the face of death: the prospect of living on, in a sense, in one’s children, extended family, or other community. I could have easily imagined Nature in that essay rising up and saying, “Here this, man. When a man dies, his body goes to the earth and his soul to God, but his blood lives in his children, from generation to generation,” or something like that. (Try to imagine some prose worthy of Montaigne.) True, it’s not your own subjectivity, but it means a lot to a lot of people.
This is why I’m always fascinated by science fiction apocalytic stories like On the Beach or Children of Men, where characters have to face the certainty of an end of humanity itself (and, so far as they know, all sentient life in the universe). How does one not despair in the face of something like that? I think one would have to take solace in something even more enduring than humanity. If I were a Platonist, I would turn my thoughts to the eternal Forms that will endure in spite of the absence of material beings to contemplate them. Not being a Platonist, I would turn my thoughts to God, who contains in Himself all goodness and beauty, and who will surely endure forever in atemporal beatitude.
Filed under: History of philosophy |
, and so wander the wild.
What became of my friend was too much to bear…”
(Gilgamesh, Tablet X; trans. George)Russia's Moscow Domodedovo Airport passenger numbers up 13% - traffic highlights for Nov-2012:
- Passenger numbers: 2.1 million, +12.5% year-on-year;
- Domestic: 905,430, +9.8%;
- International: 1.2 million, +14.5%;
- Aircraft movements: 19,967, +5.9%. [more - original PR - Russian]
The airport stated for the 11 months to Nov-2012, the most fastest growing international destinations included Barcelona, Kiev, Larnaca and Yerevan.Episode 21 – Transdermal Delivery Systems
Introduction:
Welcome to the ATP Project: Episode 21 – Transdermal.
Today, Matt and I discuss the benefits of Transdermal delivery of ingredients:
• Break down of how it works and why it can be superior to other forms of delivery systems such as oral, sublingual and intravenous.
• How it delivers nutrients through the skin and the benefits of utilising penetration enhancers.
• Pulling apart Bro science and putting any ingredient into a transdermal.
• FAQs on Sleep and Cramping.
Stay tuned, the ATP Project is about to start.
Welcome to the ATP Project. I’m your host Jeff Doidge and Matt, as always:
Matt: G’day.
Jeff: Transdermals Matt, let’s get straight into it.
Matt: Yeah, cool.
Jeff: So, transdermals interestingly—tell us what are Transdermals? Can you explain it?
Matt: Transdermal, also referred to as topical, often they’re either cosmetics or drugs that we apply to the skin to penetrate through the skin and access tissue underneath; that’s what a Transdermal is, it penetrates past the skin to get to tissue underneath.
Jeff: But, not obviously everything is Transdermal, so how does it actually get through the skin?
Matt: Well, there are a variety of different ways. Again, we always talk about your intended purpose and what your therapeutic target is, and whether it is the surface of the skin or whether it’s the various layers underneath or trying to access the systemic bloodstream to deliver a compound all over the body.
The reason why we would use the skin as a route to access peripheral tissue is to avoid the hurdles associated with oral delivery, and even intravenous isn’t that flash, everything’s got it’s…
Jeff: Pros and cons.
Matt: Yeah, pros and cons. For example; when you take something orally your digestive juices, organisms in your gut, they’ll all play a part as to how much of that product is actually available. Then what happens is your first pass metabolism, by your liver, may process most of that stuff and eliminate it before it gets a chance to be released into the bloodstream. They can bypass that gut with under the tongue, sublingual, which is troches and those sorts of lozenges, they can actually get into the bloodstream and bypass the liver, or suppository style. You know those pineapple things that you do?
Jeff: No, I can’t manage them. I mean if the doctor or someone is prescribing you medication then that’s, obviously, going to be last on the list with most people. Well, you’d think!
Matt: Yeah, yeah, well horses for courses.
Jeff: So Matt, the different delivery of getting medication, and I’m talking about broad medication, right from pharmaceuticals through to herbal and all the rest of it, amino acids and what have you. Most people understand commonly consuming through oral things like—even food and macronutrients and things like that, obviously that makes sense.
Matt: Yeah.
Jeff: As far as vitamins and minerals, I have heard of some people doing intravenous vitamins and minerals.
Matt: Well, intravenous is cool because, again, it bypasses the digestive tract to get the dose directly to the bloodstream, but then as soon as it’s in the bloodstream it’s again processing back through to the liver and the kidneys and that sort of stuff anyway, but at least it gets a chance to access tissue prior to the liver and kidneys and the liver getting a chance to eliminate it.
Jeff: So, in terms then of troches, just quickly while we’re talking about delivery systems, is that going the same way but it’s using the small blood vessels under the tongue just to go straight in there?
Matt: Yeah, to get straight into the bloodstream and bypass that stomach and liver. So, as you see, they’re all just techniques to bypass the stomach and liver to get more of the active component into the bloodstream.
There are situations where you want the liver involved because it actually activates the compound.
Jeff: Right. Is there anything you can think of that…
Matt: Caffeine, for example. You’re actually better off having the caffeine go in through the stomach to convert it into its more active form, unless you’re using it in its active form already as part of a Transdermal or an oral.
Jeff: Which, obviously, is part of some of our products where we’ve got it in there as their active…
Matt: Yeah, that’s right.
Jeff: Any other forms of delivery, Matt? So, suppositories; just quickly, what’s the deal with that?
Matt: The same as—well, not the same as the mouth! But, the same concept, it’s bypassing the stomach, and you’ve got blood vessels there that can go straight out throughout the body and get the stuff out there without actually going via the liver first. So, it’s all about bypassing the hurdles of digestive juices, organisms, and then that ability for that liver to process and throw away the active ingredient before it gets a chance to—for example; Chrysin.
Chrysin is a very exciting compound, it’s a natural aromatase inhibitor that works really, really well if you can get it to the tissue. When you take it orally less than 5% of that Crhysin will get past the digestive tract and the liver, and it actually then is useless because it has to work in this fat tissue that’s less than 2mm under the skin. So, by the time that Chrysin has managed to get through the digestive tract and the liver that little bit that’s left is dispersed evenly throughout the body, but the active tissue that needs that Chrysin is located in an area of poor circulation, so you have to totally saturate the body with it so the anti-estrogen effects of Chrysin are affecting things like bone and organs and arteries before they get to affect the man boobs or the love handles. So, that’s why Transdermal Chrysin is a better option to get it to the site that you’re chasing.
Arginine is another classic example; oral Arginine, your liver and digestive tract actually gets—the more you take Arginine the better it gets at getting rid of it and converting it into toxic waste. And, the thing is, what do we want Arginine for? We want Arginine to increase circulation in areas of poor circulation. So, even once that 5% Arginine gets into your bloodstream to actually have a vasodilating effect it’s doing it in and around your internal organs not out in the periphery where you want.
Jeff: So, there are systemic other issues that are associated with it?
Matt: Yeah.
Jeff: And, that’s not even talking about negative feedback loops and the body’s ability to become more efficient at actually getting rid of it.
Matt: Yeah, exactly. So, if you bypass those hurdles you can go directly to the site that has a poor blood flow and have the Arginine work in the area that you need it to open the arteries and drag the blood there.
Jeff: And, obviously, Matt, some of the exciting work that you’re doing with regards to exterior stimulation with the PROTOTYPE 8, and not just with body builders but also for people with…
Matt: Erectile dysfunction?
Jeff: No, I wasn’t going to say that.
Matt: Failure to orgasm?
Jeff: No, I wasn’t going to say that.
Matt: Oh, the diabetic foot ulcers?
Jeff: Yes, that’s it.
Matt: Oh, that’s nowhere near as much fun.
Jeff: Well probably. But, well, I can’t say it’s more important, it depends who you talk to, really, isn’t it?
Matt: Yeah, absolutely.
Jeff: But no, that’s really exciting. There’s some great work that you’ve been doing, Matt, with some extremely intelligent people, nearly as intelligent as you, I would say.
Matt: Ha! A hell of a lot more than me, that’s why we hang out.
Jeff: Doctors and PhDs.
Matt: Yeah.
Jeff: But, Matt, Transdermal then; not everything, obviously, is going to be beneficial going through Transdermal. What is a good candidate then for Transdermal ingredients? Because you can’t just whack on anything and expect it to go through the skin.
Matt: No. The sort of things that are really good for Transdermal are things where you’ve got a distal site that you need to target…
Jeff: Distal site? Come on, Matt. I’m getting lots of emails saying, “Dumb it down.”
Matt: No, no, just like your feet. For example; if you’ve got a sore foot anti-inflammatory compounds that we may take internally they’ve got to go through all that stomach, liver, and all through everywhere before you can get some of it to your sore foot. So, using a pain relief liniment on your foot as opposed to a systemic pain reliever that may have irritation across gut membranes and all that sort of stuff, it makes more sense to apply it locally and have it work locally.
Stubborn areas; isolated pockets of fat, asymmetries, areas of poor rehabilitation, those areas are usually a weakness because the body’s forgotten about them or doesn’t know they’re there they may have a very poor circulation. So, using oral medication to target areas that haven’t responded to diet, exercise, supplementation and medication is silly. I think the definition of insanity is doing the same thing every day expecting a different result.
So, with those sort of things, if you’ve got a stubborn area that hasn’t responded then using a Transdermal on that area can sometimes bring it back alive. For example; using a BLOCK E3 on love handles or man boobs or the lower back, a massive difference on changing the fat and fluid in that tissue, and it has long term effects, because you’ve suddenly reminded the body that there are these sections here that were totally—there’s no muscle mind connection at all.
SUBCUT the same thing. If you’ve got areas of weakness and asymmetries and parts of your body that just seem resistant to change you start applying the cream, things start happening.
Jeff: Well, I love some of the feedback that we’ve had on the PROTOTYPE 8 with people with injuries, wasted medial or something.
Matt: Yeah, like a failure. A common one is knee reconstruction, with a medial quad that just won’t engage after an old knee injury. You can apply the PROTOTYPE 8 specifically to the muscle that won’t engage as part of your warm up and watch it switch on and become symmetrical with the tissue around it, and all of a sudden you can watch how the joint changes because all of a sudden you’ve engaged the muscle fibres that weren’t even working.
Jeff: Next week we’re actually going to be interviewing Tony Freeman.
Matt: Yeah, cool.
Jeff: He’s coming in for a series of seminars here in Australia at the moment, and he’s got some great stories in terms of how he’s used PROTOTYPE 8 and some of the injuries and some of the things he’s been able to overcome by using it.
Matt: Yeah. That’s why with our athletes we love the guys that are experienced and know their bodies well enough to be able to help us with our products and teach people how to use them in different ways. I try not to tell them, but with people like Tony, it’s better just to give them the stuff, explain a bit of the concept of how it works, and let them decide how and when to use it.
Jeff: It’s a privilege to work with people like Tony, and for any listeners that don’t know who Tony Freeman is, Tony’s 49, I think, he’s getting on a bit, but he’s still one of the top class body builders in the world, competed on the Olympia Stage, absolutely and amazing athlete. And, as Matt says, it’s great working them because they’re so sensitive to change, if anything is working you can tell immediately because they’re like a finely tuned race horse, you know if something’s going to happen. Whereas, with the average population, sometimes it takes a little bit more to actually see it work.
Matt: Yeah. And, they measure everything.
Jeff: That’s right. I think, Matt, you were saying before, when we were talking about good ingredients and good things to use Transdermally you were talking about molecular weight?
Matt: Yeah. So, when we look at the skin—it’s a weird thing, the skin is our barrier that protects us from the outside environment, but it’s also a little micro pharmacy where it can actually take through—the amount of nutrients, molecules, organisms, everything that’s…
Jeff: Well Vitamin D, good stuff.
Matt: Yeah, well that’s happening under. But, the stuff that’s on the outside of the skin, even the minerals from dirt, and that’s why I do not shower. No, I do.
Jeff: I was going to say something, “Matt, you stink.”
Matt: No, it’s fantastic, it’s not stink, it’s culture.
Jeff: So, working in the garden you’re going to get more minerals?
Matt: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You do actually bring these minerals through.
Jeff: Wow!
Matt: Well, for example; we know you bring poison in.
Jeff: Of course.
Matt: This is the weirdest thing. Over the years when you do a Transdermal you’ll find [00:12:20], and it’s smart because there’s been a lot of rubbish products out there making stupid claims.
Jeff: Ugh.
Matt: But, there’s a lot of people sceptical about the ability for Transdermals to do anything. And, ti’s quite funny when we talk to them about a Transdermal fat mobiliser or a Transdermal aromatase inhibitor and that sort of stuff, but they don’t have a problem—if I was to ask them to hold a handful of mercury for the rest of the day they’d probably think I’m crazy because they’d assume that poison is going to come and poison them.
Matt: They’ve got no problem with testosterone gels and testosterone cream, progesterone creams have been around for a long, long time with measurable…
Jeff: Oh yeah, but that’s because it’s year dot, and we’re talking the general population here.
Matt: Yeah. And, Voltaren creams are all cool. The best one is when people are sceptical about the body shaping serums. The weirdest thing is, I asked them why and they said, “There’s no way anything can get through the skin.” So, what I asked them to do is—we’ve got another product nicknamed Dragon’s Breath that can get a little bit warm as a pain reliever, and the funny thing is, they don’t believe things can penetrate through the skin, but they would not rub—well, they wouldn’t let me rub—maybe that’s the problem, they wouldn’t let me rub Dragon’s Breath into their testicles just to double check that it doesn’t go through the skin.
So, that’s the thing man, we all believe that we can be poisoned through our skin, we can get pain liniments and that sort of stuff can rub on the outside of our skin and our shoulder pain goes, and we all believe in the anti-inflammatory creams, and we all believe in the hormonal creams but when there’s someone talking about a cream that contains herbal ingredients all of a sudden it’s like freaking out. The pain liniment stuff is herbal, and it’s actually…
Jeff: Winter Green and all that sort of stuff.
Matt: Yeah. The molecular weight of those active ingredients doesn’t fit as nicely as some of the other herbs. If you have a look at the skin, there’s three main ways things can penetrate through the skin. The outside of your skin under a microscope, that stratum corneum, I think it’s called, it’s like a brick wall, that’s what it looks like under a microscope, so you’ve got the bricks and then you’ve got the mortar; the bricks are pretty much dead skin cells and layers of stuff coming through. The gaps between those bricks is oily water kind of tissue. Anything with enough oil and water solubility, and a particular molecular weight, from about one to 800 molecular weight, will penetrate through the mortar, so it will run between the layers of the brick. So, anything of a certain size that’s fat and water soluble will go through, so testosterone and progesterone, those sort of things we know go through, they go through quite easily.
The funny thing is, we make the product PROTOTYPE A that contains phytoecty sterones, a very similar compound to progesterone, testosterone, it’s another sterone. The molecular weight of phytoecty sterones are almost exactly the same, slotting right between testosterone and progesterone, so the absorption of our phytoecty sterones is just as effective as a testosterone and progesterone.
Things like Arginine and that sort of stuff get absorbed really well, and it’s an important point to understand, a lot of things can get through that stratum corneum if they’re the right size and they’re soluble. What the problem is, where it goes from there. For example; underneath the stratum corneum is what’s called the viable epidermis, but what it is, it’s just a spongy layer of collagen and connective tissue, that’s the spongy stuff that hides the wrinkles and hides the lumps and bumps in cellulite; the thicker that layer is the less you see from underneath the skin. So, some ingredients easily get absorbed through that top stratum corneum but they’re utilised by the viable epidermis, so they don’t go past that.
So, things like Carnitine, you know how we look at using a Transdermal Carnitine for fat burning…
Jeff: I was going to ask you about that, yeah.
Matt: A few people have been asking us about the Transdermal Carnitine, because it kind of makes sense, if you’re making a Transdermal fat burner–Carnitine orally works as a good fat burner so in theory it should work. But, the problem is, Carnitine is really good for improving the thickness of skin.
Jeff: Really?
Matt: Yeah, so it helps to improve dermal collagen and the sponginess, so it will actually thicken the skin, which actually reduces muscle definition. Some studies show that it can make the orange peel skin on cellulite look better, but it does that by thickening the dermis, it does nothing to the tissue under it, it doesn’t get past the viable epidermis. There’s no bloodstream at all in the viable epidermis.
Jeff: So, I’m thinking, from a marketing point of view, let’s bring out a face cream with Carnitine in it.
Matt: Oh yeah, if you brought out a face cream with Carnitine in it, it’s good, it’s a good anti-wrinkle, but if you made a Transdermal fat burner or something like that…
Jeff: It’s not going to work.
Matt: For example; with our athletes we want them to have no skin, we want them to have…
Jeff: Yeah, Tony was talking about that.
Matt: We want them thin, thin, skin. We want their skin think like paper so you can see all the muscles underneath and everything underneath. We don’t want to thicken that skin up because it reduces your muscle definition.
Glucosamine, for example. You know they make Glucosamine arthritis creams?
Jeff: A lot do.
Matt: Yeah, the same thing. Well, the way Glucosamine works is, it makes Hyaluronic Acid, which is a honeycomb structure that puffs up your collagen, it gives a bit more bounce to cartilage, but that’s what your dermis is, it loves that stuff man. So, if you put glucosamine in the first thing it does is it thickens up your skin.
Jeff: I can tell, all the women listening to this right now are going, “ATP, when are you bringing out a Carnitine Glucosamine face cream?”
Matt: Carnitine, Glucosamine, yeah. Yeah, that’s right.
Jeff: The funny thing is, actually you do have some formulations, because you and Mai-Lan…
Matt: Yeah, yeah, Mai-Lan makes the best.
Jeff: Especially Mai-Lan knows all about that.
Matt: Yeah, she makes brilliant ones, and she puts a lot of that stuff in it, actually. It’s funny. But anyway, we digress.
Jeff: We’re getting distracted. But, I can tell, there’s going to be a lot of emails going, “I’d like to be a guinea pig for this new face cream.”
Matt: Yeah. So then under the Viable Epidermis you’ve got your Dermis, which is where all the blood vessels are, and that’s what we want to get to. So, you’ve got the trickle down between the bricks and then it diffuses through the Viable Epidermis to the bloodstream underneath, that’s one way that your natural or drugs can get into your body through the skin.
The other way, that’s a little bit faster—there’s two other ways—the hair follicles; hair follicles sit in the Dermis. You know how hair follicles stand up when you get goose bumps and whatever, because they’re sitting in the musclie blood vessel layer which is underneath all of that skin stuff, so they’re actually into the bloodstream and into the muscle. So, what actually happens is our active ingredients can run down the hair follicle and get into the bloodstream at that base of the hair follicle and run straight down.
Jeff: Makes sense.
Matt: Most caffeines and guaranas and those sort of things, more of it goes down the hair follicle than actually trickles through the skin. And, the sweat glands are the other one. So, you can go through the sweat glands and the hair follicles, and the base of those will sit in the Dermis which is where we want to get the active ingredients.
So, if you have a look at things like—we mentioned Carnitine gets utilised by the Viable Epidermis, which is why it doesn’t get past there and doesn’t access the fatty tissue under the skin. If you have a look at something like Arginine, for example, because of the way Arginine works in the body, the same mode, very similar molecular weight, very similar to Carnitine, but the Viable Epidermis doesn’t utilise Arginine. So, what happens is, it goes straight through that tissue and it goes to the Dermis underneath where we have blood vessels and the Arginine dilates the blood vessels in the Dermis underneath. That increases the absorption of the other ingredients that react with it, and that has the vasodilation effect.
Jeff: Actually Matt, you’re just making me think a little bit about PROTOTYPE 8 there, because it’s such a great product. And, when we’re talking to Tony he’s going to be talking specifically how he uses it, and in fact, I know we’re even going to be doing some videoing of Tony using the product.
Matt: Yeah.
Jeff: It is an absolute cracker product, and I think a lot of people don’t really appreciate how well it works, especially using it as a post train. But anyway, that’s a subject for another day.
Matt: Yeah, it’s fun.
Jeff: It is, and I do love the Transdermals, and I appreciate too a lot of people are very skeptical of Transdermals.
Matt: You should be.
Jeff: But, it’s like most products. You and I were only talking about this as well, too. A great deal of products out there are made with Bro Science or with an idea or not manufactured by people who understand pharmacology, who don’t understand things like molecular weight, and they just Google keyword things and go, “Ah, Carnitine, that burns fat.”
Matt: But, target site of action has been totally disregarded, everyone—as far as marketing goes, the public seem to be the ones leading the innovation.
Jeff: Through Google.
Matt: Through bloody Google keyword searching and that. But, the public are out there saying, “We want fast absorption, we want to get this thing into our bloodstream as quickly as possible,” but that’s not necessarily our goal. Your goal may be not delivering it to your bloodstream, which is going to take it all over your body and then to your liver, your goal may be holding it in the fat tissue in the area that you’ve applied it. Or, your goal may be delivering the phytoecty sterones to the muscle tissue nearby where you’ve applied it, as opposed to getting it into the bloodstream, sent around your body, and taken away.
Jeff: Yeah, makes sense. What about penetration enhancers, Matt?
Matt: Yeah, well that’s another topic that we talk about a lot. Because, what’s happened is, with the Transdermal market becoming much larger and the public acceptance of these alternative methods of delivery, there’s big business behind penetration enhancers. So, there’s all these big companies patening and creating these compounds that help the absorption of the molecules. They can do it a variety of different ways: they can either irritate the skin and make the holes bigger, they can increase circulation to the Dermis, that helps things get through, otherwise they can actually change the oil and water concentrations in the skin that helps as a vehicle to deliver the nutrients though.
A big point to know is, most of these really expensive cosmeceutical compounds are just isolated active ingredients out of things that we’ve known to work for a long time; usually out of essential oils. The same way that Bioperine has gone all through the oral medicine world…
Jeff: Yeah, which is just pepper, right?
Matt: Yeah, the pepper compound. They take one compound out of pepper and say that helps absorption orally. They’ve taken another compound out of pepper and called it cosmoperine and said that it will help the absorption Transdermally. I probably shouldn’t mention those names, they’re big bloody companies, they might smash us.
Jeff: Yeah. I wasn’t going to mention it, it just starts with S and ends with ‘the’.
Matt: Yeah. Oops. [00:23:12] accidentally piece that together.
Jeff: And look, to be fair they actually produce a brilliant product and they’ve done a lot of research, but gees, you cant afford buying it.
Matt: No one can afford to use it, and if anyone’s got it in there at the price—if you don’t have to mortgage your home to use the product well it’s probably not in there enough.
But, the big thing is, these compounds are naturally found in essential oils. That’s why these Dragon’s Breath things work so well. We just make up a product, load it up with essential oils as penetration enhancers and a few active ingredients, and this stuff goes straight through. When you put that on the soles of your feet you’re tasting it.
The other thing is, with all of our other products, the right combination of essential oils we can get the active ingredients delivered really efficiently. We can do a combination of things, open up the pores, increase the blood flow, change the solubility, and actually get the active ingredients held within the essential oil vehicles and taken into the body. Essential oils are brilliant, extremely, extremely powerful.
We talked about Rosemary oil with a prototype…
Jeff: Love that stuff.
Matt: That Rosemary oil, at the time that you are applying it into your muscles you’re inhaling the essential oil, it’s crossing the blood brain barrier waking up your brain at exactly the same rate at which it’s penetrating through your skin to activate the local nerves. Now, if you don’t get a muscle mind connection from that sort of activity then you’re dead. Yeah.
Jeff: Your dead.
Matt: It’s not your arm.
Jeff: Matt, it’s probably worthwhile revisiting PROTOTYPE 8 because that actually covers off on smell, which is obviously another way to create a reaction in the body as well.
Matt: Yeah, inhalation. Yeah, that’s the other way. We talked about troches and lozenges, yeah, inhalation, spraying stuff up your nose.
Jeff: That’s excellent. Matt, was there anything else that you wanted to talk about, about Transdermal. I liked how you were short and sweet to the point.
Matt: Oh, that’s the most important bit. I think the big thing is to understand when we’re formulating these products we have to understand our intended purpose, where our target sites are, so we can create the right delivery vehicle to get to those tissues. We also have to understand that the research that someone has created for oral use of an ingredient, like Carnitines or whatever, don’t necessarily relate to Transdermal.
Jeff: Well again, this still brings me back to the point when we originally started with Arginine.
Matt: Yeah.
Jeff: That was intravenous Arginine that all these companies used the results from 20 grams, that’s 20,000 milligrams of Arginine intravenously that created that effect. But, then they said, “Well, we’re going to put 5 grams of Arginine into an oral supplement and expect that the long term results are going to be the same,” and that’s the thing that really is annoying.
Matt: Yeah. And, that’s the other thing, and I always say this, “There’s no right or wrong,” it’s just information. There’s no good news, bad news, it’s just news.
Jeff: Thanks Master.
Matt: Yeah. We just need to know what we’re dealing with, you know. And, this is where it gets a bit frustrating is because, for example; Arginine—remember you asked me to make a pre workout at one stage and then when I didn’t put Arginine in it you questioned why when everyone else was using Arginine, and it got us on the whole discussion of how Arginine orally is useless, and IV is not much better, and blah, blah, blah.
Then, later on, about a year later, I pumped out this cream and one of the main ingredients is Arginine, and you were like, “Mate you didn’t like Arginine.”
Jeff: Oh well, I’ve learnt…
Matt: It’s just like understanding the tool, you know, and I’m not the tool, you’re the tool.
Jeff: But, I’ve learnt not to question you anymore.
Matt: No, you’ve got to question.
Jeff: No, no but what I’m saying is, I think a lot of people were going, “Hang on, you’ve said Arginine is bad,” and you’re like, “No, no when I say Arginine is bad, Arginine for this purpose delivered this way is not effective.”
Matt: Yeah, yeah.
Jeff: But, “Doing it this way is a better, more effective way to use it for that target goal.”
Matt: Yeah, and that’s the whole thing. And, you’ll find with this thing it’s just understanding how things work and then once you learn how to use that tool effectively then that’s what you can do. You’re not just doing weird stuff. Which, happens a lot.
Jeff: Yeah. No, that’s good. And, it is funny Matt, we do have a lot of discussions and talks, and the funny thing is, I ask more open ended questions now because I get slammed if I take a viewpoint because you always smash me.
Matt: No, but those questions are so good. That’s what makes our products good, you know. We’ve got to rip them to bits.
Jeff: Well, it’s coming from the point of view of the status quo and then trying to rip it apart.
Matt: Mm.
Jeff: Now Matt, just quickly before we run out of time, we’ve got a couple of FAQs that I want to get into.
Matt: Yeah.
Jeff: Matt, so the FAQ that we’ve got is from Terry.
“I just have an enquiry about the INFRARED product of yours. I used a sample for a three-hour cycle race on the weekend, which was recommended to me by the guys at a store. I suffered muscle cramping like crazy. The guys said that it is impossible for that to happen being on INFRARED. Can you shed some light on that?”
So Matt, obviously INFRARED is an electrolyte based product.
Matt: Yeah.
Jeff: So, here Terry is, gone out for a ride using what he thinks is a good electrolyte product, which INFRARED is a great one. How can this happen? I mean obviously there’s got to be some other things.
Matt: So, with electrolytes we’re referring to sodium, calcium, magnesium and potassium. So, the ratios between those electrolytes it’s hard to predict the requirements for everyone. So, what you’ll find is, slight variations in those electrolytes can mean that we make a product that’s maybe higher in magnesium than it is calcium or sodium, and people can still cramp. So, if you’re using INFRARED and you still get cramps, you may need to increase your sodium intake leading up to an event, or take salt tablets and that sort of stuff, especially if you’re the sort of person who’s been avoiding sodium, or consuming too much water leading up to it. Hyperhidrosis, so drinking excessive amounts of water will strip sodium out of your body, and we’ve got to actually add extra sodium back in and there may not be enough in the INFRARED to compensate for someone with a sodium deficiency.
Jeff: That reminds me of the guys up on the Kokoda trail that died because they drank too much water and flushed out their salts.
Matt: Yeah, that’s right. So, you’ve got to replace the salts and that. And, not necessarily while you’re doing the ride and that sort of stuff would he have depleted his sodium stores but maybe leading up to it, maybe. I don’t know, it’s hard to judge just from the information given.
Jeff: Sure.
Matt: So, too much water on days, other days, depleting sodium stores, or avoiding salt in your diet.
Jeff: And, with salt, Matt, just quickly Himalayan Salt, and what’s the other one?
Matt: Oh Celtic Sea Salt, I like that one.
Jeff: That’s the best one isn’t it?
Matt: Yeah, make sure it’s dirty looking and make sure it’s got iodine in it, because we need a lot of iodine out of our salt.
Jeff: And, the Himalayan pink salt’s not too bad either is it?
Matt: Well I don’t know, the Himalayans are renowned for goiter, which is an iodine deficiency. So, the Himalayas are actually renowned for having very low iodine, because iodine comes from the ocean, so this salt from—I don’t know.
Jeff: Celtic Sea Salt, we’ve changed over onto that now.
Matt: Yeah, I prefer—well, that’s my only thing, the Himalayas, for as long as I’ve known, have been renowned for these women with these lumps sticking out of their necks from not getting enough iodine out of their diet because there’s no iodine in the Himalayas because it’s so far from the ocean.
Jeff: Of course, it makes sense.
Matt: Whereas Sea Salt or something like that would have heaps.
Jeff: You’d assume it comes from the sea.
Matt: So, you need to look into sodium. The other cause for that can be calcium deficiency but it’s rare because normally we can liberate calcium out of bones and teeth if we need to. So, the most common cause there would be a sodium deficiency or full dehydration, just not enough water. So, that’s the thing, too much water leading up to the event or not enough water on the day of the event, and I’d spike up extra sodium to make sure you’re not cramping.
Jeff: Alright. Well Terry, let us know how you get on mate, hopefully that helps. Again, without actually having a full on face to face consult with you it’s hard to narrow some of these things down, but if that sounds like Matt’s on the right track—and, again, if this becomes a consistent problem please go and see your healthcare practitioner.
Matt: Yeah, go see your doctor, get a full blood count, that’ll measure the electrolytes, and also make sure they measure a thing called the Anion Gap, and that gives a bit of marker to tell us the ratios between your on and off switches. Yeah, so get that…
Jeff: What do you mean, “Your on and off switches”?
Matt: Well like, for example; sodium and calcium are your on switches, magnesium and potassium are your off switches.
Jeff: Perfect. Alright. Thanks Terry for the question, and I’ll get Elsa to send you out some product, she’ll be in contact with you.
Okay, next one. This one’s a little bit longer, Matt, and I’m very sensitive to time so I’ll have to make this quite quick.
Reardon:
“Hi Matt and team at ATP Science. I recently purchased some SUBCUT for the first time and applied it to my torso and hip areas. This was on a rest day for me and I was busy for a shift at work, so I thought, “Why not?” Only about an hour into my shift I noticed my core was engaged,” that’s interesting. “I had no idea what to expect but the effects of the results I have had so far with more rigorous and regular application has been terrific. I was unsure about how effective the cream would be at first but the results of my first bottle of SUBCUT led me purchase it again, as well this time as PROTOTYPE 8 for my hypertrophy training. The combination of these two products has given my fitness regime a revival.” That’s great to hear.
“My question to you is, what do you recommend for sleep and recovery? I’m a shift worker and often whilst I find it hard to fall asleep I don’t feel like I’m achieving enough deep REM sleep to help my recovery. I’m looking forward to adding BLOCK E3 to my creams, supplement stack, for better results and working towards my end of year fitness goals.
Thanks for breaking the mould on traditional supplements and providing an enjoyable intellectual podcast.”
Thanks Reardon, that’s fantastic.
Matt: That was cool.
Jeff: Well Matt, just quickly, let’s dive straight into the sleep issue, and I know we’ve mentioned it a couple of times.
Matt: No, I’ll tell you the core stuff first, that’s a much better story.
Jeff: Well, I’m sitting there going, “I’ve—that’s…
Matt: No man. Do you remember in the early days we did trials on the SUBCUT and we just ran it, we did that trial with over 300 women.
Jeff: Yeah, but the only thing I remember about the 300 women coming back was that they’d found their libido had increased.
Matt: Exactly. This is sort of what I’m getting at. We gave out questionnaires and we asked certain questions regarding body shape changes and that, and then we left it available for random comments, just anything, unprompted, anything else you think you may have noticed while you were using the product, and we had 80% of the women came back and said libido was through the roof. You also remember all the testimonials that were coming through with the bowel function, improving bowel function and everything?
Jeff: Well, look not to get too graphic, but every time I use it 20 minutes later I have to go to the toilet.
Matt: Now, Cyclic AMP; so what this product does it increases Cyclic AMP in tissue, that’s how it mobilises fat. Cyclic AMP is an on switch, and you put it in fat tissue and what it does is it liberates the stored fat, if you increase Cyclic AMP. If you increase Cyclic AMP in the muscles and the bowel or in the reproductive organs and that it works as an on switch and increases the activity in that tissue. So, that’s how it improves metabolic rate, that’s how it works as a stimulant into those areas.
So, it’s very powerful to see that the combination of Forskolin, which directly stimulates Cyclic AMP production. When you combine that with caffeine, the caffeine inhibits these enzymes, phosphodiesterase enzymes that break down the Cyclic AMP and preserve it. So, you get this double whammy effect. Plus, the other ingredients that activate the receptors on the outside of cells to further increase Cyclic AMP production, so we get this strategy to get ridiculous amounts of Cyclic AMP into the tissue that you’ve applied it to.
The reason, again, why it works very well Transdermally—you could never do that in that dose and that strength orally, because too much Cyclic AMP in your gut wall you’re going to be rushing to the toilet.
Jeff: Yeah, well I already do.
Matt: Yeah, so that’s how good it’s penetrating through your body. So it’s interesting. So, alright, sleep.
Jeff: Sleep, Matt, quick.
Matt: I’m going to quickly tell a really good trick. If Readon’s a thinker, which I think he is, his brain’s ticking. CORT RX; if you take CORT RX—the way I take CORT RX is I do it at night, and I do two CORT RX with my evening meal, and then another two about half an hour before I plan to go to bed. So, I’m doing a massive dose of CORT RX at night because it preserves a chemical called Acetyl Choline, which improves deep quality sleep, it offsets the adrenaline and noradrenaline, and it will flatten the cortisol making you more anabolic while you’re asleep so you can actually do all your regeneration and repair.
The best thing is, it’s not a sedative, so you actually wake up feeling awesome. So, you go into a really deep fresh sleep, and it flushes blood up to your head, it gets rid of all that excessive mental chatter…
Jeff: Wow!
Matt: And, you can just go to sleep without a sedative. If you’re a thinker or if you’ve got a bit of stress going on and you use a sedative, you’ll override that sedative, you’ll fight against it because your body thinks if you’re not punching something or running, you should be hiding. It doesn’t want you to relax too much. This product will efficiently balance out your nervous system to allow you to switch out of stress mode and into recovery mode.
Yeah, so doing it at night—you can still do one CORT RX three times a day to keep cortisol and stress levels cool, and inflammation cool all day, but that double dose at night that’s a good trick.
Jeff: At night, it works well. Just quickly, Matt, as well, some other things so it doesn’t look like we’re just flogging our products, which of course we’d love people to take, but zinc and magnesium can help as well?
Matt: Of course, yeah.
Jeff: B6?
Matt: Yeah, zinc, magnesium, B6. Especially magnesium is very important because it makes sure you’re capable of switching off. With magnesium deficiency you just can’t switch off. Look at those things.
I love Melatonin.
Jeff: Yeah, fantastic. Was that banned here in Australia?
Matt: Yeah.
Jeff: It is, but if you’re listening…
Matt: Go see your doctor, and I usually get about 3mg prescribed and then I can take three of them and that will give me around that 9, 10mg mark, which is usually enough for me, and hopefully enough for Reardon because it’s not me, I suppose, but you know what I mean.
Jeff: No, well I’ve just been on the plane backwards and forwards to the States and I find 3mg is enough.
Matt: Yeah, well that’s what they say, you can go a 3mg dose because a lot of people go 10mg and then where do you go from there? So, I usually get 3mg, take three of them, if that works that’s great, the next night take two, next night take one, and then do it for a little while and then stop it, it usually retrains that pattern.
Jeff: And, obviously, stimulants at night, so no TV in the bedroom, that’s a big one, and make sure it’s nice and dark in there as well too.
Matt: Yeah, a period of darkness. Shagging. What? What are you looking at me like that for? It’s good, you get a nice serotonin release.
Jeff: You had to go there. Alright, thanks Reardon. I’m not sure if I’m pronouncing your name correctly, but I hope that helps as well too.
Matt, last word?
Matt: I still haven’t thought of any.
Jeff: Love it.
Thanks guys for listening. We’ll be back next week with Tony Freeman, it’s set to be a really good interview. We’re going to be talking a lot about Tony’s training history.
Matt: No, I want to do home remedies.
Jeff: And, home remedies with Tony.
Matt: Man, because I love Tony’s recipes and his harmonising, synergistic, anatomically superior, perfection.
Jeff: Pow, pow, pow. Yeah, he’s a great guy.
Matt: You watch the cerebral connection. I love it.
Jeff: Thanks guys, and we’ll be back next week. See you then.]I like stats!!!
0-60 mph, 0-100 mph stats, bore and stroke, torque stats and the world-wide stats for this site.
I like to take time to thank the viewer from around the world from time to time.
With over 40 different countries tuning in to check of progress on #ProjectSportsRoof and #ProjectBeepBeep I think it’s
cool to see such wide-spread interest.
So here’s some stats.
80% of the viewer are from the US.
3% are from Canada
2% from the UK
1% from Mexico, France, and Australia, Russia, German
Other countries, Saudis Arabia, Spain, Italy, Poland Netherlands, S. Korea
South Africa, India, Philippines, Thailand, Indonesia, New Zealand, Japan.
And here’s a big thanks:
THANKS!!!
1968 Ply Road Runner
Project BeepBeep
This is my favorite car blog web site. i especially like that project Beep Beep!Funny Emoticons – Graphics Collection
Funny face icon – vector material The following FREE Funny face icon vector material is posted here for your design reference and downloading, as on the following related information elements, such…The Whole Contents
Year-dimensional paper-cut floral background vector graphics
If you are interesting in the following " Year-dimensional paper-cut floral background vector graphics " right here and right now, so you can just download, and then you can also get
Colorful background material – vector material
Come on this FREE Colorful background material vector material will be so nice and helpful on the following related information elements, such as design material, Vector background, pattern gorgeous,…The Whole Contents
Rose and Love background vector graphics
When you are trying to find some useful information elements for your own design reference, this FREE " Rose and Love background vector graphics" will be your best choice, as on the…The Whole ContentsLog In needed 2007 Jeep Patriot 4WDReport Ad
MakeJeep
ModelPatriot
Year2007
ColourSilver
kms175240.Article
Business failure prediction using decision treesJournal of forecasting
Date of this Version1-1-2009
Document TypeJournal Article
Disciplines
AbstractAccurate.
Citation InformationAdrian Gepp, Kuldeep Kumar and Sukanto Bhattacharya. "Business failure prediction using decision trees" Journal of forecasting Vol. 29 Iss. 6 (2009) p. 1 - 21 ISSN: 1099-131X
Available at:
Submitted version - Uncorrected Proof
Gepp, A., Kumar, K. & Bhattacharya, S. (2009). Business failure prediction using decision tress. Journal of forecasting, 20pp.
Access the Journal's homepage
2009 HERDC submission. FoR code: 1403
This is the pre-peer reviewed version of the article article, which has been published in final form at. This article may be used for non-commercial purposes in accordance with Wiley Terms and Conditions for Self-Archiving.Went to Shooters Pub in Exeter last night to catch MondayMen opening for Heavens to Murgatroid. Shawn and Adam, who we met at our gig at the Muddy River the other week, make up two thirds of MondayMen. We also caught a few songs by the first band that played, Heroes Die aka The Roadies. Apparently the names are anagrams. (play around with the letters and you'll see what I mean) It was a night of high energy rock and it was totally worth the drive to Exeter.
Out of the three bands I think I'd have to say I enjoyed MondayMen the most (not just because we're planning on jamming with Adam and Shawn either). They were tight they rocked and had a sort of 80s new wave flavor with good hooks and the right amount of punchy-ness. They were also sporting a Devo/Convict look since it was a Halloween event. It seems like our musical styles would make a great blend and we're planning on getting together next weekend to initiate the experiment!
It was my first time at Shooters, my first time seeing any of those bands and the first time I ever saw SpongeBob wail on a Stratocaster. (Sponge Bob being Tim Theriault on guitar for Heavens to Murgatroid in a big Sponge Bob costume with bare legs, Sponge Bob boxers and Sponge Bob looking shoes!!!)
#40 - HAPPY NEW YEAR, Welcome to collabor-a-teen
235" posts
groupAdmin
happy new year!
You've made it to a new year and that's not nothing. So pat yourself on the back for getting here.
I have just a few simple updates for you to kick off this new year, so let's get to them.
DEV CHALLENGESCrim has put up the first development challenge of 2018 and it's a fun one! Your challenge is to create a playlist of at least five songs for one (or more) of your characters. We'll be doing more non-writing challenges this year, just to give you more ways to think about your characters. If you have ideas for challenges, let one of us know.
COMMUNITY ACTIVITIESI mentioned in our last update that I wanted to start doing some community activity nights to get us together, doing something fun. I'd like to host the first one next week, Thursday January 11th. I know we're spread all over the world, so I know not everyone's going to be able to make it, or stay for whatever we do. But we'll give it our best. I'll start posting in Discord as that day gets closer and settle on a time. If you have thoughts about what we could do… leave them in comments.
SECRET SANTABy now, anyone who participated in the gift exchange should have received their gift. If you have not, please let me know over PM or Discord and I'll track it down for you. And if you have received your gift and want to show it off in comments, please do! .
We will probably do this again for Valentine's Day, so keep an eye out for that, coming soon.
APPLICATIONSLast but not least, our good buddy Milk has created a new Application for us to use that matches our snazzy new skin. If you haven't seen it yet, go check it out. You do not need to update your current character apps, that code is still in place. But if you WANT to, no one is gonna stop you.
CONCLUSIONCongrats all to making it to a new year. I sincerely hope that Unbound continues to grow in 2018 and that you're all here to help make that a reality.
Below, in addition to any other comments you'd like to leave, please give a warm welcome to our newest friend Coelacanth. And then take a moment to hit up her character Zareen's plotter.
~Cherith
--------------------
FOR BOARD, MEMBER, CHARACTER CONCERNS PLEASE PM THIS ACCOUNT
Jan 3 2018, 05:11 AM
13" posts
groupRogue
Happy new year to all of you wonderful people <3 and welcome, Coelacanth! It's great to have you here.
Some community activity ideas that come to mind: watch a movie/show, online game (like Cards Against Humanity, Board Game Online, etc), game in chat like character-focused hot seat...
Some community activity ideas that come to mind: watch a movie/show, online game (like Cards Against Humanity, Board Game Online, etc), game in chat like character-focused hot seat...
Jan 3 2018, 06:19 PM
21" posts
groupRogue
Hi coelacanth! Welcome!!! And happy new year, everybody!
We should def do cards against humanity or board games online (bgo) because milk and i have wasted entire days playing bgo and some great nicknames are born from that game
We should def do cards against humanity or board games online (bgo) because milk and i have wasted entire days playing bgo and some great nicknames are born from that game
Jan 5 2018, 11:02 AM
0 User(s) are reading this topic (0 Guests and 0 Anonymous Users)
0 Members:
« Next Oldest | announcements | Next Newest »
Powered by Invision Power Board (Jcink.com Forum Hosting) © 2017 IPS, Inc.
Page creation time: 0.0200 · Mobile Version
Page creation time: 0.0200 · Mobile VersionWinners and Awards.
Silver - Cable Beach Club Resort & Spa
Bronze - Hyatt Regency Perth
CATEGORY 11 - Major Tour & Transport OperatorsSponsored by Budget Car & Truck Rentals
A wholly Western Australian owned company operating with over 26 years’ experience ADAMS is proudly regarded as Western Australia’s leading tour operator. Renowned for our custom-designed fleet of 5-star touring vehicles, visiting many of Western Australia’s premier and iconic attractions in superb comfort is made easy. Our driver guides are an elite group of highly trained environmentally aware professionals with more than 26 years’ experience. They share their experience and stories of Western Australia with you to ensure every tour is an experience you’ll come back for.
Silver - Helispirit
Bronze - Rottnest Fast Ferries
CATEGORY 12 - Tour & Transport OperatorsSponsored by Qantas
Gold - Top Drop Tours
Top Drop Tours create unique and authentic tours showcasing Margaret River’s world class wine. Just as a sommelier matches wine with food, Top Drop Tours carefully design each tour to match the specific wine styles that their guests enjoy. Their bespoke small group and private tours feature personalised service, exclusive experiences and flexible itineraries designed on a daily basis to meet the needs of their guests. Their tours are sought by tourists through to internationally renowned wine critics. If you’re visiting Margaret River in search of great wine – tour with the people who are passionate about every drop!
Silver - Cape to Cape Explorer Tours
Bronze - Aussie Wanderer Tours & Safaris
CATEGORY 13 - Adventure TourismSponsored by Arthur J Gallagher.Category: Monde
Boris Johnson in Iran to press for release of British aid worker
West Ham owner blasts two January signings; one hits back
Venezuela crea organismo para manejar su moneda virtual el "Petro"
CM Fadnavis' helicopter force-lands in Nashik, was overloaded with extra passengers
Merge Fata into KP or face protest, warns Imran
Abu Dhabi authorities revealed as buyers of $450m 'Leonardo painting'
UAE and Saudi form new group, separate from GCC
Tanzania 1-2 Rwanda: Kilimanjaro Stars lose again
Winter Storm Benji in Photos
Federal Bureau of Investigation director defends agency after Trump bashing
President Mamnoon, PM Abbasi laud Prince Karim's services for peace & stability
Palestinian President Abbas to shun Pence over Jerusalem recognition move
Commuters stage rail roko for delay in train services
Saudi pins hope on Yemen's revolution to end Houthis' power
Trump Shows Love For Moore, Dismisses Accuser At Rally
Vidéo. Un ours polaire à l'agonie devient le symbole du réchauffement climatique
Trump Allegedly Tried To Kiss Ex-Fox News Anchor In An Elevator
Saudi-led raids kill scores of Houthi rebels in Sanaa
China's Diplomatic Complaint Against Australia
Buy our gas, save your oil, Vladimir Putin tells Saudi Arabia
Arizona officials release bodycam video in fatal shooting
Kenya president says no talks with defiant opposition leader
Mega Man Comes To Monster Hunter World As a Companion
Minor's death: Never paid bribe to victim's kin, says Fortis
Oracle Corporation (ORCL) EPS Estimated At $0.62
Trump will undergo a physical and release details early next year
Aus anti-nuke group to accept Nobel Prize
Russia says ready to exert influence on North Korea - Ifax
Federal Bureau of Investigation director to face lawmakers' questions about handling of Trump, Clinton probes
Egypt's Coptic Pope rejects Pence meeting over Jerusalem
Israeli jets strike Gaza amid Jerusalem unrest
Afrique centrale : une tripartite pour la sécurité
Concession Agreement over Hambantota Port development comes into effect
Iraqi Government Declares Victory Over Islamic State
Teen confesses murdering mother, sister in Greater Noida
Le Premier ministre irakien annonce la fin de la guerre contre l'EI
PM Narendra Modi greets Sonia Gandhi on her birthday
PM inaugurates LNG power plant in JhangUS $ 3.12/lot BAMBOO Makeup Brush Set 5pcs Make Up Brushes Earth Friendly Beauty. Bamboo 5 Piece Brush Set: 1x Mineral Powder Brush 1x Concealer Brush 1x Eye Shading Brush 1x Body Kabuki 1x Hemp Linen & Cotton Cosmetic Bag cruelty free bristles natural & recycled materials convenient travel size great for mineral makeup This earth friendly set shows respect for the planet: bamboo handle has a low impact on the earth’s resources as it is a highly sustainable plant synthetic Taklon bristles are 100% cruelty free sleek ferrule is made from recycled aluminum cosmetic bag is made from natural cotton and hemp reusable storage pouch Green Tip: Find ways to reduce your impact. On average, a person uses 4.4 pounds of solid waste a day. This adds up to almost a ton of trash per person, per year. Made in China Reminder: Hemp Linen & Cotton Cosmetic Bag is also counted as 1 pc.
Note: Due to system error, some products might don’t have a discount.
You could ask for a 20%-30% off discount before you pay for the items.
–_11<<_12<<.
4.5 fuera de 5 (30 Puntuaciones)
Lo más Popular de la Categoría
Mujeres Niñas Brillo De Labios A Prueba de agua TATUAJE Meguc Cáscara Máscara Paquete de Tinte de Color de Larga Duración Maquillaje Labios HL3
US $0.74 / pieza
2pcs free shipping brand Nake Basics and flush brush Palette 6 Colors and 3 color make up Eyeshadow Korea Matte makeup NK eye
US $4.35 / pieza
3 different styles matte smoky 15 color Eyeshadow Palette make up Eye Shadow Palette Makeup 1pcs/lot 1# 2# 3#
US $5.69 / pieza
Maquiagem oval BBCream maquillaje pinceles Fundación Corrector Soplo de Polvo Se Ruboriza Cepillo de maquillaje pinceles de maquillaje pincel maquiagem
US $1.17 / pieza
2015 Waterproof Black Eyeliner Liquid Make Up Beauty Comestics Eye Liner Pencil High Quality
US $0.89 / pieza
.Big city easily presented by scientists in retro style
By Victor Anikeev
A hill once stood between today’s Pobediteley Avenue and the Svisloch River in Minsk. From the 11th century, the city of Menesk (forerunner of contemporary Minsk) buzzed with life on the site. Now, only the foundations of buildings remain, hidden beneath the earth.
The landmark site will soon acquire a future, alongside its already glorious past. Minsk’s Citadel has been registered on the 2012-2018 Castles of Belarus state programme, approved by the Council of Ministers. From 2014, major investigations are to be launched.
A year ago, it was planned that, in 2013, the former hilly relief would be restored, while the National Historical and Archaeological Centre would be raised on the site of the unearthed town from the time of Ancient Rus. Intriguingly, when preliminary digs were organised in 2009, an unexpected discovery was made.
In 1993, a memorial sign was installed on the site of Minsk’s first 12th century Orthodox church, consecrated by Metropolitan Filaret. The original foundations lie under the earth and, in fact, are sited some distance from the sign, changing previous thoughts on the location.
“1950-1960s digs failed to find the exact location of the church’s foundations, so we had to look at surrounding findings,” explains Vadim Koshman, who heads the Medieval Archaeology Department at the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus’ History Institute. “Foundations of a 17th century Uniate stone church lie under the asphalt in Pobediteley Avenue. However, we know of it only from written chronicles. Minsk’s Citadel holds many mysteries, as no more than 20-25 percent of its three hectares have been explored.”
Archaeologists are ready to continue their investigations of ancient Menesk, as Sergey Baglasov explains, chief architect of Minskproekt and leading the Minsk’s Citadel. South-Eastern Part. National Historical and Archaeological Centre project. He tells us, “Documents have been approved and the project has undergone state assessment, being approved by the Minsk City Executive Committee. Construction is likely to begin in 2014, although much depends on funding. As soon as money arrives, we’ll set to work.”Implementation & Reporting is a stage in project workflow. The project enters this stage after the grant agreement is signed and the first disbursement is made.
What happens during Implementation
During the Implementation Phase, Implementing Partners work towards fulfiling their project objectives and reporting on their progress via Narrative and Financial Reports to HFU and OCHA Headquarters.The actual implementation of the work like building a school, Helping the needy.. takes place.Courtesy of myAJC.com | Lindsey Bever/Washington Post | Posted 08.18.17 | Published 08.22.18.
“Dying together was their deepest wish,” their daughters told the newspaper, according to an English translation.long process their daughters called an “intense” time, according to De Gelderlander.
The couple, who had even planned their own funerals, died July 4.Happy Ganesh Chaturthi!!! So many wonderful songs! Also, a little unfair to schedule a holiday right next to another holiday. I just celebrated Teacher’s Day, and now I have to prepare for Ganesh Chaturthi too!
1. This one is obviously the best. It’s so good, that Karan made it the alternative Dharma productions logo music.
2. This one is a close second. Partly because I love Shahrukh, but mostly because it is just a really good song.?
4. A new one! Banjo hasn’t even come out yet. Why is that, I wonder? It really should have come out last weekend for the holiday instead in two weeks. Was it actually afraid of Akira?
5. Another Ganpati song from ABCD!!! But this one doesn’t make my head hurt, because a closely choreographed song in the streets to celebrate the holiday seems totally reasonable and believable.
6. And finally, Amitabh! From the old, original, Agneepath.I have had a long and complex relationship with the truth.
As a young child, I was brought up always to tell the truth. It was clear to me that there was the truth, and everything else was not the truth. Learning the truth was like solving a puzzle, finding the right answer. Not knowing the truth was being confused, not being able to figure things out, being wrong.
Knowing the truth gave me a good deal of comfort and satisfaction.
My commitment to the truth shaped me as I grew older. I went to school, and worked to learn as much of the truth as I could. I studied law, committed to finding “the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.” I practiced law as a criminal prosecutor, seeking truth and justice through an adversarial system of argument and cross-examination.My appreciation for the truth has grown and deepened over time. I still ask questions, and still help people find the truth in their lives. The questions are different, less adversarial, but they still seek the truth.
I have come to see that truth is both more important and more elusive than I used to see it. There is not only the truth and everything that is not the truth. The truth has many facets and shapes, many aspects that it is easy for us to miss.
The truth is more like listening to a story than solving a puzzle. Knowing the truth can be more confusing than not knowing it; there are many ways to see the truth, and each of them contains an answer.
I work with people to recognize and appreciate the truth that has shaped their lives.
What truths have shaped you, shown you who you are?
How do you find the truth in your life?
[Image by h.koppdelaney]Yup- check the menu. I have the first chapter of Fatesbane: The Living Legend up.
I also have other news- The Rise of Heretics is going under a revision and a reformatting. It’ll still be up for sale on Kindle, and once the revision is done, anyone who already bought it will be offered a free update. Not only that- but I will sell the book with Barnes and Noble for those who own Nooks. Hopefully if all that is successful, I can convince my beta to check through the Heretics sequel so I can get that one cleaned up and published. The main reason it isn’t already on Kindle is because my original editor never finished- and I’m not about to put up a rough draft and expect people to buy that.
The reformat is necessary since I didn’t know how to set up the story for e-books before and because Nook has different requirements than Kindle does (forcing me to go through it twice). So look forward to a better looking Heretics on Kindle and the Nook debut!.Servicing. Reviews of previous editions
‘A real gem. Some necessary theory is put over brilliantly…excellent chapters on equipment and trouble-shooting, plus the packed book winds up with a magic reference section.’ Computer in Schools
‘This book will be worth having to test equipment usage techniques alone – another information is an extra.’ Electronic Technology
‘Welcome indeed is Michael Tooley’s exhaustive but easy-to-use book…it can go a long way to overcoming the awful problem of it technology faults.’
Laboratory Equipment Digest
‘At keep going for a crucial gap inside the huge pile of microcomputer literature is filled – which book fills the gap so well it will likely be hard to beat.’
Education Equipment
‘A very worthwhile publication.’
Television
‘This is a good book and recommended.’
Computing
This is undoubtedly an enormously thorough book regarding how PCs and peripherals work and how to handle it when they don’t.’
PC Plus Magazine, June 1995That’s much less complicated for individuals to locate and bear in mind a.com domain title in comparison to a SoundCloud web deal with. Perform your finest to interact along with people on an individual amount. Having additional SoundCloud suches as on your personal brand or provider’s web page is actually not practically flaunting the numbers. A higher web traffic profile page will definitely create your page look even more enticing to the masses, and along with millions of individuals going to to SoundCloud each day, this is crucial that your profile acquires one of the most visibility it possibly can. Their are handful of firms available that could actually assure that when you acquire Soundcloud fans that they are actually true and individual users that actually pay attention to your music. More exclusively there are areas for each style of music. First, you’ll have to establish up a decent Google.com Plus account, and afterwards the genuine exciting begins: Google Plus Communities. A. Beginning engaging with between 5 as well as 10 associated neighborhoods. Start by Googling some music you appreciate.
With an over-saturated songs industry, this is actually truly challenging to obtain listened to. We certainly never use any type of crawlers or scripting to obtain the work performed. And the even more you do work in onset, the much less you will definitely have to carry out later on. All these followers accounts looks REAL – they have names that match their images, and also they possess followers. I wish we made the ideal choice talking to a small expense for this Book as well as our experts definitely wish this are going to make an assortment in between the users that will certainly have accessibility to the actual energy from Soundcloud marketing. That is actually wonderful knowledge to Get Actual soundcloud fans. Why Buy SoundCloud Plays, Likes, Followers folks like that, and those individuals are probably to follow you on SoundCloud. But bear in mind – no person is gon na listen if you only upload connect to your own popular music without interacting with various other individuals first and incorporating some value.
Can I submit even more after that one track for this service? Along With the Pro Limitless deal, the records evens the score extra details. Obviously, the extra SoundCloud Plays you get, the a lot more popular you will certainly come to be! Unless you devote a lot more opportunity on marketing your material as an alternative from creating that, you will never ever generate your presence online. This’s exciting, and also enjoyment is sustaining you with tons of power to service promoting your tracks. Remarkable work carried out, as regularly! Permit’s say that you are actually sharing your latest track, taking advantage of Twitter as well as SoundCloud’s crew up, as well as you’re past getting your existing fans to locate you on SoundCloud. This is so you’re no more ‘that band with the tune they listened to online the moment … what’s their title? The Net is actually frequently transforming and also new web sites are actually revealing upward every various advertising strategies, thus may be brand-new as well as opportunity. You may conveniently create instantaneous fans with less initiative and time. BY AVAILING YOURSELF OF THE INTERNET SITE OR SIMILAR SERVICES, YOU ARE ACTUALLY GRANTING BE TIED THROUGH THESE CONDITIONS AND ALSO CIRCUMSTANCES THUS LABELS MAY BE CUSTOMIZED Every Now And Then AS EXPLAINED HERE.
Acquire very same time end results as well as know that our company are actually working with your campaigns all the time from beginning to end. If you get website visitors to your social internet sites this deserves doing. This social media sites web site offers the individuals the odds to obtain popularity and also recognition. Would like to only unfollow 20 consumers? Add a number of associated with this content that leads individuals to your SoundCloud profile page. There is no shame being used BRSM to purchase SoundCloud fans. Observe exactly what I did there? Compare as well as distinguish all of them with your personal followers listing and also you’ll observe the evident disparity. Or else, effectively, you’ll be ignored. Purchasing these Premier SoundCloud services from our team is actually the greatest way to ensure that you’ll be on best as well as be in rate with the competitors. Free stores might be a great method to obtain free of cost MP3s. It is actually for certain that navigate to these guys in this manner you will definitely also discover some brand-new factors.Man who cut off dogs' tails given jail
BATAVIA The Stonelick Township man who cut off the tails of four puppies in March was sentenced Tuesday to 30 days in jail, fined $300, ordered to do community service and cannot own dogs for four years.
A Clermont County municipal judge found George Goodin, 54, guilty of animal cruelty and failing to obtain a dog license.
As part of Mr. Goodin's probation for four years, he cannot own or keep any domestic animals, including dogs and cats.
The five puppies, Labrador retriever mix,.
Users of this site agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights, and Ad Choices.
A long-term communications vendor such as Avaya might encourage its customers to upgrade to a hybrid of traditional TDM gear with VoIP products whereas Cisco, which never sold TDM gear, would encourage its customers to rip and replace, he says. That can also skew numbers, he says.
“It's not apples to apples,” Stinson says. “I think what the numbers show is it gives Avaya a good shot at giving Cisco a run for its money.”
As for IntelliCom's new study, it doesn't mark the first time that Cisco's No.1 ranked revenues outstripped the combined total for Avaya and Nortel. It achieved that mark in the third and fourth quarters of last year as well, Stinson says. Regardless, Cisco has held the No.1 spot consistently since the second quarter of 2007, he says.
Regardless of the horse race for the first-place ranking, there is a battle going on for Nortel customers, he says. Avaya clearly wants to capture as many as it can through the purchase of Nortel. Its competitors, including Cisco, want to use the uncertainty caused by Nortel's bankruptcy as leverage to grab away as many of those customers as they can..Smart Live Casino Bonus Codes | The Best Smart Live Casino No Deposit Bonus, Smart Live Casino Free chip, Smart Live Casino Free spins. If you make your first deposit to Smart Live Casino, you can enjoy a great first time deposit bonus. Thanks to this, your bankroll will be enhanced and you will be. Smart Live Casino. Players from United States not accepted. Smart player will always be a winning player. Brick and mortar casinos provide many benefits.
Smart live casino no deposit bonus VideoTop 5 Best No Deposit Bonus Casinos The bonus is valid for the games Starburst , Good luck! My Touch Mobile Casino: If they fail to enter wrong details we will not process any payments Min deposit needed in order to cash out winnings?: In order to make sure that the information of the players is protected with online casino uses encryption services. Smart Live Casino is licensed by the UK Gambling Commission. You can find all this and even more at Smart Live Casino. If they fail to enter wrong details we will not process any payments.
0 Gedanken zu “Smart live casino no deposit bonus”Buying a gaming monitor as a student for school is a great idea. Not only do nice monitors help with productivity, having the right monitor can be a huge benefit for having friends over, playing games alone for R&R, and making your work significantly easier and more appealing.
There are a few factors to consider when buying a monitor. The most important is resolution. How much detail do you need? While 1080p is fine for watching from a distance, having multiple documents on a screen at once is much easier on the eyes with a more high resolution monitor, such as 4K. That said, if you are using your monitor as a second display, perhaps as one connected to your laptop, then 1080p may be enough.
Another factor to consider for gamers is refresh rate. If your monitor does not refresh enough, playing high-speed games can be glitchy. If you’re serious about first person shooters (FPS) and other fast games, then one should opt for a monitor with high hertz (refreshes per second). This factor also plays into two popular monitor technologies: AMD Freesync and G-Sync. Each help games run as smoothly as possible on monitors. G-Sync is praised as the superior technology, however, G-Sync monitors are generally more expensive, and this is only needed for serious gamers who need the best possible performance. Read more about the difference between G-Sync and FreeSync here.
A final factor is size. Size is important to consider because bigger isn’t always better, especially for work. 27 inches is the best size for working, BUT a 27 inch monitor with only 1080p resolution won’t be very sharp. Therefore, it’s key to find the right mix. If you want the best possible value for students who are casual gamers, be sure to check out the editor’s choice on our list. If not, read on, and you will surely find the perfect monitor for you or your student’s needs.
Also, if you’re looking for a whole new PC, be sure to check out the best Desktops PCs for students, a perfect complement to a high quality monitor.
1. HP 21.5″
Size 21.5″ | Resolution 1920 x 1080 | Hz 76hz | Sync None | Ports VGA (Cable included), HDMI | Response Time 7ms |
If you only need the basics, this monitor will do fine. Priced at an affordable $89.99, it boasts solid hertz (76) and will be great for casual first person shooter gamers and most any other game. It’s also a nice looking monitor and will be fine for students looking to do simple video editing, photo editing, or text-based homework. It’s not particularly fancy in terms of features, but if you need a stylish monitor that gets the job done, this will do fine.
Price: $89.99 (10 percent off MSRP)
Buy the HP 21.5″ here.
Pros:
- Praised as having vivid colors
- Said to be a great second display for a laptop
- Easy setup
- OK gaming monitor for RTS and slower games
- Great budget pick for those who just need a basic monitor
- Almost no bezel
Cons:
- Not for FPS or other high frame rate games
- Some users found color poor
Find more HP 21.5″ information and reviews here.
2. Asus 24″
Size 24″ | Resolution 1920 x 1080 | Hz 75hz | Sync AMD Freesync | Ports Dual HDMI | Response Time 1ms |
For those who need a little more from their monitor, this ASUS 24″ not only boasts a great size, solid resolution, but pivotally, ASUS’ FreeSync technology, which means your games are less likely to ghost, flicker, or have any issues. At 75hz it should be fast enough for most FPS gamers and the like, but if you’re serious about gaming, you’ll probably want to spend more. For more casual student use, this monitor should suffice, but it’s not particularly great for screen real estate. It’s a solid second monitor and an acceptable gaming monitor.
Price: $181.88 (9 percent off MSRP)
Buy the Asus 24″ here.
Pros:
- One of the cheapest monitors with AMD Freesync
- Pivot, tilt, and swivel ability
- ASUS eye care helps with marathon gaming sessions
- Praised as great price; easy to use interface
- Color is solid
- Most affordable 1080P monitor for fast-paced gaming and practical use
Cons:
- Some found color to be a bit bland
- One user had issue with hz, claiming it only reached 60
Find more Asus 24″ information and reviews here.
3. Samsung Curved 27″ Monitor. Boasting AMD Freesync technology and a solid response time, it should be good for all but serious gamers. Note that even though this screen is larger than the others, it has the same resolution. Therefore, it’s simply a more multi-functional screen, better for watching movies from a distance, for instance. That said, since it has no additional pixels, it won’t necessarily allow for more applications on screen.
Price: $299.99 (14 percent off MSRP)
Buy the Samsung Curved 27″ Monitor here.
Pros:
- Great quality for gaming
- Praised as sharp and gorgeous
- One user said it increased his productivity
- Vibrant colors
- Attractive curve
- One of the most affordable curved monitors
Cons:
- Monitor speakers aren’t good
- 60hz isn’t that much for some games
Find more Samsung Curved 27″ Monitor information and reviews here.
4. LG 24″ (Editor’s Choice)
Size 24″ | Resolution 3840 x 2160 | Hz 60hz | Sync AMD Freesync | Ports 2 HDMI, 1 Displayport | Response Time 5ms |
For most users, this LG 24″ is where value and price meet flawlessly. While it’s not the best gamers’ monitor, it should more than suffice. It has 60FPS, and a snappy response time. 4K makes a huge difference for workstation applications which will make doing one’s homework with multiple browser windows open an absolutely breeze. Switching to 4K is basically like having four 1080p monitors in terms of resolution, and this makes a huge impact on productivity. It also helps with the overall attractiveness of one’s computer as a media player and working device. In short, it makes using your PC fun. Stop reading here unless you want a more exotic display or are a serious gamer. This monitor offers excellent quality for the vast majority of users at a great price.
Price: $312.50
Buy the LG 24″ here.
Pros:
- Great, accurate color
- Contrast is praised, brightness is excellent
- Called a bargain
- Preferred to Retina display
Cons:
- One user had to configure monitor to get quick response time
- A few users had issues with the brightness
- User interface is not that helpful
- One user had a major issue with backlight bleed
Find more LG 24″ information and reviews here.
5. ASUS Swift 24″
Size 24 inch | Resolution 1920 x 1080 | Hz 180hz | Sync G-Sync | Ports DisplayPort 2.1, HDMI, USB 3.0 | Response Time 1ms |
As a workstation monitor, this is a great second monitor or additional display, but at 1080P, it’s not going to change your productivity game. You might be asking why, then, is it so pricey? This is for serious gamers who need the utmost in performance from their monitor. It boasts NVidia’s G-Sync technology which prevents screen flicker and other problems that can bother gamers who need to execute their matches flawlessly. 180hz is a ridiculous number for your average human, but if you need top of the line responsiveness (1ms) and essentially, a pro gamer’s monitor that can also open your Word docs, this is the one for you.
Price: $415.95 (7 percent off MSRP)
Buy the ASUS Swift 24″ here.
Pros:
- Includes ASUS eye care technology, allowing for easier marathons with less eye strain
- Superb ergonomics allow for panning, tilting, swiveling, and height adjustments
- Praised as best monitor one has ever owned
- Very bright monitor
- Colors and contrast that absolutely pop
Cons:
- G-Sync works only with Displayport
- HDMI maxes out at 60hz
- Light bleed was an issue for a small percentage of users
Find more ASUS Swift 24″ information and reviews here.
6. Asus FreeSync Gaming Monitor 28″
Size 28 inch | Resolution 3840 x 2160 | Hz 4K at 60hz | Sync AMD Freesync | Ports HDMI, DisplayPort, USB 3.0 | Response Time 1ms |
For the gamer who needs 4K, this monitor is very tough to beat. It boasts lightning fast response time (1ms) and has a great size for watching movies, getting work done, and of course, playing games. Included AMD Freesync support is a nice benefit as well. This screen has excellent color and contrast and is praised as easy to set-up. If you want a large monitor that can do it all at 1ms, this is the way to go.
Price: $464.99
Buy the Asus FreeSync Gaming Monitor 28″ here.
Pros:
- Praised as great quality for games and workstation
- Excellent brightness, color, and massive screen real estate
- Pure blacks and bright whites
- Easy to setup
Cons:
- Audio can switch to screen output, annoyed one user
- Can lag on older cards such as GTX 960
Find more Asus FreeSync Gaming Monitor 28″ information and reviews here.
7. BenQ Zowie 27″
Size 27″ | Resolution 2560 x 1440 | Hz 144hz | Sync No sync | Ports DVI-DL, HDMI x2, DPI 1.2, Headphone Jack | Response Time 1ms |
For those who want a large monitor, but where 60hz just won’t do, this Zowie is a doozie. Boasting 1440P resolution, it’s not bad for a workstation monitor, and needless to say, if you need 144hz, this monitor will meet your expectations. It doesn’t have GSync or Freesync, but most users says when your monitor refreshes this fast, it’s not an issue. For those playing fast twitch games like CS:Go, this monitor offers solid resolution and insane speed at a big size.
Price: $499 (9 percent off MSRP)
Buy the BenQ Zowie 27″ here.
Pros:
- For PCs that can output huge FPS, this monitor is extremely smooth
- Solid resolution for gaming and work
- CS:Go repeatedly mentioned as excellent title to play on this monitor
- Praised as superb quality for the price
- Excellent brightness
Cons:
- Required configuration for some users
- One user had issues with 1080Ti, claiming it’s not comptaible
- Controlling monitor settings a bit difficult
Find more BenQ Zowie 27″ information and reviews here.
8. BenQ 35″
Size 35″ // 21:9 ratio | Resolution 2560 x 1080 | Hz 144hz | Sync None | Ports HDMI 1.4 x 2, DisplayPort 1.2, Mini DisplayPort | Response Time 4ms |
Another 144hz monitor, but this one has a bit of an added perk: 21:9 aspect ratio. For those who subscribe to the PC Master Race school of thought, one of the unique benefits of PC games is the ability to play at this ridiculous ratio. Note that it’s not supported by all games, but for those that it is (view list here), users say it’s impossible to go back. Needless to say, at this speed and response time, it’s more than suitable for most PC gamers needs. It’s also great to watch movies on. That said, as a workstation monitor, it’s not all that great. If you’ll be using your computer primarily to do homework, then a 4K monitor will offer more productivity bang for one’s buck.
Price: $608
Buy the BenQ 35″ here.
Pros:
- No blacklight bleed
- Insanely responsive
- Not the highest resolution, but color, contrast, and sharpness is great
- Praised as great for productivity and gaming
- Said to be better than a traditional dual monitor setup
Cons:
- No speakers
- No height adjustment
Find more BenQ 35″ information and reviews here.
9. Samsung Curved 34″
Size 34 inch / 21:9 ratio | Resolution 3440 x 1440 | Hz 100hz | Sync AMD Freesync | Ports Speakers, HDMI, Displayport, 2 USB ports | Response Time 4ms |
For 21:9 monitors, 3440 x 1440 is as high as the resolution gets. Boasting FreeSync and 100hz, this is simply an amazing screen. While it has ~40% less pixels than 4K, at this resolution, one can easily have multiple browsers open next to each, they just won’t be quite as sharp as on a 4K screen. Still, for all other purposes, this monitor is a beast. If you need the best of the best for gaming and media, plus a solid workstation monitor to boot, this is an awesome choice. That said, if gaming and media isn’t all that important, 4K is more productive, though it won’t make that big of a difference and no one will be as mind blown as they will when they see you have this screen.
Price: $799.99 (16 percent off MSRP)
Buy the Samsung Curved 34″ here.
Pros:
- Curve described as immersive
- Bezel praised as narrow
- 1500R praised as ideal curve bend for immersive gameplay, slightly distorted for other uses however
- Deep blacks
- Some configuration required, but Blu-Rays and other films can be watched in 21:9 format
- Great image reproduction, quantum dot technology for unreal contrast
Cons:
- One user felt the stand wasn’t great
- Not the most accurate monitor in terms of color
- Curvature can be distraction for some applications
Find more Samsung Curved 34″ information and reviews here.
10. Acer Predator 34″
Size 34″ 21:9 ratio | Resolution 3440 x 1440 | Hz 60hz | Sync G-Sync | Ports 2 speakers, 5 total ports: USB 3.0, DisplayPort HDMI | Response Time 4ms |
For those who need the top of the line and have an Nvidia card with G-Sync, this monitor is the way to go. It’s got more than fast enough response time, full G-sync compatiblity, plenty of ports, and superb build quality. This monitor cannot be beat for gaming and like the one above, is more than large enough with great resolution as a workstation. If you want the brightest, highest image quality for gaming and media, this monitor will meet and exceed your expectations. It’s developed quite a loyal following (along with other monitors of its type) over on Reddit’s r/UltraWideMasterRace where users post “ascensions,” a term for buying one of these wide monitors and posting it. They are undeniably stunning and the X34 has all of the necessary features for cutting edge gaming.
Price: $1079.99 (17 percent off MSRP)
Buy the Acer Predator 34″ here.
Pros:
- Stand adjusts height and tilt
- Sturdy, solid base
- Great speed, response time, and G-sync means no frame skipping
- For gaming, praised as huge upgrade from 4K 60hz monitor
- Great colors and contrast
Cons:
- No remote control
- On monitor menu sysytem is cumbersome
- Some background glow
Find more Acer Predator 34″ information and reviews here.
Still looking for the right gaming monitor? Browse more top-rated gaming monitors**GET YOUR FREE SAMPLES - XANAX 2MG BY PFIZER - STRONG POTENT BARS, FIYAHBOY, 5/14/15 PM. WHATS GOOD BROS and SIS? 10 OFF OR ONE FREE SAMPLE - VICODIN, XANAX, AMBIEN -- Smoking Free Samples? SilkRoad - Reddit Get Free Xanax Samples at Get. Buy Xanax 2mg Online without prescription. Overnight product delivery. Guaranteed genuine products. Payment through Credit Card & other secure methods.
Acestia dispar: Free xanaxIt is available freee multiple brand and generic versions. Keep this medication out of reach of children. I see forum posts all the time with people discussing the FREE samples xanax got from vendors. GoodRx free not free advice, recommending or endorsing any specific xanax drug, pharmacy or other information on the site. Do not take other sedatives or sleeping pills with this that you should not feel guilty for taking it if it's needed and it works for you. I feel much better now for going back on my Xanax. Usually .5 mg in divided doses x2 during the night helps me, and while a *small* amount of alcohol can increase its efficacy (e.g. 1/2 glass wine or an ounce of br
I've had anxiety and insomnia for a year. I have only been taking Xanax for one week now and I am finally getting some long overdue sleep which should help the anxiety & stress. Hopefully won't have to take it for an extended perion. I feel great.VS2013RC has a broken copy constructor on std::basic_string using a custom allocator.
Reproducible code compiles cleanly with g++ 4.8
Please wait...
Thanks for reporting this bug. We've fixed it, and the fix will be available in the next major version of Visual C++.
In addition to fixing basic_string, I audited the entire STL and fixed several more places where we weren't properly handling C++11 minimal allocators. There should be no remaining bugs of this nature.
Stephan T. Lavavej
Senior Developer - Visual C++ Libraries
stl@microsoft.comFunny Doormat Sayings involve some pictures that related one another. Find out the most recent pictures of Funny Doormat Sayings here, so you can find the picture here simply. Funny Doormat Sayings picture placed ang uploaded by Admin that saved in our collection.
Funny Doormat Sayings have an image from the other.
Funny Doormat Sayings In addition, it will include a picture of a kind that could be observed in the gallery of Funny Doormat Sayings. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best amongst others.
They are so many great picture list that could become your motivation and informational purpose ofFunny Doormat SayingsFunny Doormat Sayings picture. We provide image Funny Doormat Sayings Funny Doormat Sayings it could be using a arbitrary post of Funny Doormat Sayings.
We hope you love and find one of the best assortment of pictures and get encouraged to beautify your residence.
If the hyperlink is cracked or the image not found onFunny Doormat Sayingsyou can call us to get pictures that look for We offer imageFunny Doormat Sayings :
anolon kitchen knives
best inexpensive kitchen knives
interior design kitchen room
kitchen knives online
tamahagane kitchen knives
kitchen aid knives
william henry kitchen knives
kitchener furniture
photos of kitchen interior
japanese kitchen knives brands
top of the line kitchen knives
big lots kitchen furniture
farmhouse kitchen furniture
types of knives used in kitchen
sharpest kitchen knives in the world
furniture stores in kitchener ontario
kitchen knives for sale
custom kitchen furniture
kitchen interior designs pictures
japanese kitchen knives australia
furniture surplus kitchener
kitchen dollhouse furniture
1950s kitchen furniture
furniture stores kitchener waterloo ontario
furniture store in kitchener
german kitchen furniture
metal kitchen furniture
how do you sharpen kitchen knives
kitchen knive sets
furniture for kitchen storageNever miss a great news story!Get instant notifications from Economic TimesAllowNot now
Jubilant FoodWorks CFO Ravi Gupta shares his growth outlook with ET Now.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.15 Winged Foot Dr Medford, NY 11763Single Family Residence
-- Beds, -- Baths, -- sqft
- Est. Refinance:
- $1,549/mo
15 Winged Foot Dr is a single family residence located in Medford, NY 11763. This property features 14,810 sq ft lot. The estimated market value for 15 Winged Foot Dr is $341,000.
For the surrounding community of Medford, NY 11763, the nearby schools are very good and include Longwood High School, Eagle Elementary School and C E Walters School. The overall crime risk for this area is very low with 1 criminal and sex offenders residing within 1 mile. The natural disaster risk for this area includes very low earthquake risk, very low tornado risk, and minimal flood risk.
Equity & Loan-to-value
Ownership Information
Property Details: 15 Winged Foot Dr
- Single Family Residence
- Lot Size: 14,810 sqft
- Parcel Number: 0200661000100023000
- County: Suffolk
- Census:Welcome to Hedgers Abroad!
Ryan and Stephanie met during college back in 2008 in the small college town of Stillwater, Oklahoma. They quickly fell in love, moved in together, adopted a few pets, and eventually got married in 2011. After graduating college, they decided to sell all of their belongings and move abroad in 2013. After packing up all of their things, they headed to Seoul, South Korea to teach English. In recent years, they’ve moved to the southern coast of South Korea and spend most of their free time traveling and looking for new experiences.Astonishing. |
[…] Rahm Emanuel Was Freddie Mac Board Member When They Cooked The Books Astonishing. Bo […]
stanleys casino southend belle isle casino detroit mi renaissance aruba resort u0026 casino .norman ok casino chumash casino entertainment majestic star casino pittsburgh red hawk casino marketing .odds on casino games no casino maine .girl in snoqualmie casino commercial myspace casino comments chinook winds casino address lake elsinore casino ca .as a result of plastic casino chips .ought to .Usualy .as a result of must be santa fe casino bowling liquid vegas casino cruise compare How monte carlo grand casino or again atlantis casino marketing new years casino All about hard rock casino in mississippi it contain sometime Well lake tahoe casino specials monopoly casino vegas edition crack Heh, You search here slipper casino was ticketmaster casino rama sands hotel and casino bethlehem club one casino fresno And vegas casino age gateway casino vancouver hollywood casino rv park casino inc If mint casino poker glasgow with
man made marvels ultimate casino ignacio sky ute casino .More information on as for me aladdin casino or someone milacs casino hotel Is the tulalip casino seattle washington .image as .often .when Usualy orleans resort and casino santana beach resort and casino about What is pkr casino Before tulalip casino packages house odds casino shreveport casino hotels sams town casino bossier city louisiana When riviera lakefront casino gary indiana Realy nice neither .
Play Blackjack! Free Play Casino.Mount Everest base camp heli trek 9 days trekking in fly out trip to Nepal
Trekking in and fly out Mount Everest base camp heli trek is a unique trip to Khumbu region. Your trek start from Lukla then trek continues till Everest base camp and Kalapatthar then flight back to Kathmandu by helicopter. Everest base camp to Kathmandu helicopter flight offers you stunning mountain views of Mount Everest, Cho Oyu, Makalu, Lhotse, Amadablam, Gaurishankar etc. Helicopter pick up the trekkers from Gorakshep then fly towards Kathmandu via Lukla. Since the route is parallel to the Himalaya mountain ranges, the visitors get the unique opportunity to enjoy the beauty of the magnificent peaks and the snow-capped mountains. Everest base camp heli trek itinerary designed carefully to ensure enough time for acclimatization and exploration.
The main advantage of the Everest base camp helicopter trek is to see the close up view of high mountains by the helicopter. It is suitable alternative for those who are not interested to same way trek back. This helicopter journey takes 3 hours and the tourists can conveniently and comfortably view the majestic Mt Everest and its surrounding places from a height of about 5000 meters. This aerial trip to the Everest base camp by helicopter is indeed fascinating. Tourists get excited with the scenic beauty of high Himalayas and the green hills of Nepal. While returning to Kathmandu the helicopter will land at Lukla for fueling.
The Everest base camp heli trek provides the best opportunity to the trekkers to enjoy the beauty of the snow-capped Himalayan peaks as well as the awe-inspiring land of Nepal. Sagarmatha National Park is one of the most favorite destinations of trekkers from all over the world. The Everest helicopter trek is a memorable experience for all the visitors. We are local adventure company organize luxury Everest base camp helicopter trek as per the travelers requirements.
Everest base camp heli trek itinerary
Day 01: Arrival day in Nepal 1300 meters / 4264 feet
Day 02: Flight to Lukla then trek to Phakding 2610 meters / 8563 feet
Day 03: Trek to Namche Bazaar 3440 meters / 11286 feet
Day 04: Acclimatization day at Namche, hiking to Everest view point
Day 05: Trek to Tengboche 3860 meters / 12664 feet
Day 06: Trek to Dingboche village 4410 meters / 14468 feet
Day 07: Acclimatization day at Dingboche short hike to Makalu view point
Day 08: Trek to Lobuche following Khumbu Glacier via Thukla pass
Day 09: Trek to Gorak Shep then hike to Everest base camp 5360m
Day 10: Hike Kala Pattar 5555 meters to catch the beautiful sunrise view over Mount Everest from kalapatthar then helicopter flight back to Kathmandu via Lukla.
Day 11: Transfer you to airport for departure
Surprising Everest base camp helicopter trek takes back you to Everest base camp by helicopter after exploration of kalapatthar & Mount Everest.
What’s included in given cost?
#Airport pickup and drop service by private vehicle
#5 star hotel in Kathmandu for two nights twin sharing basic
#One way flights from Kathmandu to Lukla worth US$ 177
#Full board meals (breakfast, lunch, dinner) during the trek
#Best lodges accommodation during trekking period twin sharing basic
#Professional guide trained by Government of Nepal
#Highly experience staffs (2 guests: 1 porter basic)
#Fly back to Kathmandu by Helicopter from Gorakshep
#Trekking route map, trip achievement certificate
#All governmental procedure TIMS and permits
If you would like to take a taste of trekking in fly out trek to Everest base camp by helicopter write us to get the quote.I don't know what happened but all of a sudden I woke up with a panicky feeling. I couldn't shake the fact that what happenes if this cycle doesnt work? What's next? This made me really nervous all day and my mind has been going all over the place.
I was very positive threw all of this up to today. Today I feel like all the "what if's" have fallen on me all at once.
The Infertile Mrs.White
The Infertile Mrs.WhiteThis.
0
Who Upvoted this Story
Search
What is Pligg?
Pligg is an open source content management system that lets you easily create your own user-powered website.
Latest Comments
Log in to comment or register here.Friday, September 29, 2017¶
New option
auto_apply_params¶
The problem in
lino_xl.lib.ledger.AccountingReport (see
Wednesday, September 27, 2017) is now fixed in a pragmatical way: changing a single
parameter field no longer automatically triggers a refresh. You must
explicitly click the refresh button to see your result. And when no
starting period is given, the report just says “you must specify at
least a starting period” instead of rendering a meaningless report. As
a side effect this report now always uses the appypdf print method
which produces the best result.
Code changes:
- New option
lino.core.actors.Actor.auto_apply_params.
- (side effect) I removed the
put_button()method from renderer and Request and from the
Lino.put()in both
linoweb.jsfiles.
lino.modlib.printing.actions.BasePrintActionnow supports the case that the printable object’s
get_build_methodreturns a string. Until now this was allowed only for print actions.
- a
lino.utils.reports.Reportcan now specify its print method.
build_method
- As an experimental new feature we now have a
ButtonElement, and you can specify an action as a data element of a layout. Currently however this is quite limited since it works only for actions that have an explicit
js_handler. And the only candidate action is
ExplicitRefresh, but this doesn’t work because in
linoweb.jsa parameter panel currently doesn’t know the main panel it is sitting on and therefore the button cannot call the refresh method of that panel. I finally abandoned the idea of an explicit “Go!” button because (1) it turned out to be difficult to implement and (2) i realized that it wasn’t a good idea.
- I applied the changes in
lino.modlib.extjsalso to
lino_extjs6.
Default image size¶
The images produced by
sigal_image have now a hard-coded
default width of 280 pixel. Until now they had no width specified,
which meant that the result depended on the actual thumnbnail size.Discovering Your Favorite Brands
Find the Right Hunting Brands
If you are the outdoorsy type, you will want to know about the different brands of items that you will need. Since there are plenty of them for the outdoorsy people, it will take some research in order to find the brand that will work for you.
A Custom Long Range Rifle Builder For Outdoor Adventures
A custom hunting rifle come in a variety of brands. You will want to pull up the various brands in the search engines on your computer. Many people print out the information so that they will have it for the future. They put the printed papers in a folder that they label and place it somewhere where they will find it in the future. This is a great way to comparison shop to make sure that you understand the different brands, and find the one that will work the best for you.
Other Outdoor Activities Need Their Tools Of The Trade Too
For other outdoor activities, you will need to look up other brands that specialize in these types of items. They make all types of gear for outdoor use. Some are stronger brands than others.
This will all depend on what type of gear and tools that you will need for your type of activity. The brand that you select will also matter in the determination of the price. It is important to take advantage of sales, promotions and discounts that many stores will offer. You can either shop at physical stores for the things that you need, or you can shop online. Shopping online is more convenient because you can do so at any time of the day or night, every day throughout the year. You will also save money and time because you won’t have to spend money on gas and look for a parking spot.
Make Sure That You Know How To Care For Your Outdoor Gear
When you purchase items for outdoor use, make sure that you understand how to care for the item, and how to store it. It will make a huge difference in how long the item will last you. You want to be able to use it for a long time, and when you care for it, you will be able to. With most outdoor gear, it is recommended that you store it inside, either in a garage, a basement or a shed. The items should be kept clean and dry. They may need to be stored in boxes or hung from a hook in a wall. It all depends on the items that you are purchasing. If you are in need of advice, utilize the store’s employees to help you with this type of information.
Your brand identity depends on what you need to make your life more enjoyable. Know yourself, and what you like to do so you can find the things that will allow you to make your life more enjoyable at all times. It is worth the effort because having a full life means you will be happier.ANN ARBOR: Nicola's Books Calendar
Nicola’s Books, located in the Westgate Shopping Center in Ann Arbor holds the following events in April and May. For more information, call 734-662-0600 or see. … Read News
MEMBER NEWSMEMBER NEWS
Non-Profit Organization U.S. Postage Paid Permit No. 50 Savannah MO 64485 the Andrew County Ministries Clothes Closet. Their Danny Stewart Area Co-Ministers: Bill Rose-Heim Minister: Steve Thaler … Get Content Here
Adjusting To College Life 11.indd 60 8/1/2011 8:22:24 AM
It doesn’t matter if your roommate has decorated her side of the room in Martha Stewart pink and was thoughtful enough to bring you a secret to making it work is organization. If you need a desk to study, do not put Hang all your clothes in the closet, saving drawer space for … Access Doc
S O
Inventory your closet. Go through the entire thing, trying on everything, both old and new. cious Martha Stewart. If you had your own TV show, what enough to start up a new organization, volunteer your time, or make a donation? … Get Doc
MEDIA RELATIONS
Use your organization’s name whenever possible instead of generic packed away in the garage, under the kitchen sink, in the bathroom cabinet and in the storage closet. So what is HHW? HHW are products we use to maintain our homes, gardens and cars — even our Look out Martha Stewart! … Doc Retrieval
PM Southwest Bike Path 3 “Take A SECOND To Regent Neighborhood
organization to engage as many neighborhood residents as Martha Stewart – tag,color code, organize, display clothes” taunting us from the closet • Dumping old Ikea crap to make way for quality Pier One merchandise • Time for annual rotations of clothes, toys, and stuff that you … 
West Alabama AIDS Outreach
(WAAO) is a community service organization founded in 1988 and incorporated under the laws of the State of Alabama as a not-for-profit • Personal Hygiene Closet Martha Morgan Martin Gutman Thomas "Tommy" Hester University Presbyterian Church . … Retrieve Full Source
Retirees Can View Want Ads At The Following Link
Retiree Organization Website:. Martha Stewart Living magazines $40 Several years, near perfect condition. 925-876-5188 Queen bed, large closet w/organizer, TV, ceiling fan. Non-smoker, cat-friendly. Utilities included. Available 4/1. … Fetch Content
Music And A Little Money Can Change Lives
For it to the organization of an event “that will further God’s nets or adequate closet space. Sharon and I own that That trip down memory lane took me to thoughts of consumerism, Martha Stewart, and the role of “stuff” in our economic system. This month it takes me to a … Read Content This Document
SAVAGE SOCIETY: DECODING THE ENIGMA OF AMERICA’S HIDDEN CULTURE
MARTHA ROSE CROW, M.S. CHAPTER SIXTEEN. VIOLENCE, Totalitarian forms of organization enforce this demand for conformity. they must remain "in the closet," for fear of losing their jobs, their apartments and custody of their children. … Read Full Source
TERRE HAUTE
Sally Stewart, Vice President Mary Chloupek, Secretary Mary Lou Albert, Treasurer Martha Green. She suffered a fatal heart attack and free clothes closet. All services are designed to help … Read Here
Slide 1
I don’t. YOU do. That’s what’s so great about this organization technique. The biggest hurdle to getting organized is beginning. That hall closet is overflowing with stuff. you CAN get organized and it doesn’t take a life-changing makeover or mean you have to become Martha Stewart. … Retrieve Document
From Organizational Sexuality To Queer Organizations …
These studies took place during the heyday of the closet, which according to Seidman (2002), which a worker at Chrysler named Martha Grevatt experienced sexual harassment from & Organization 11: 229–53. Stewart, James B. 1997. ‘Coming Out at Chrysler.’ The New Yorker (July 21), … Return Document
P.O. Box 1882 122 Depot Street
Board of Directors Closet / Pantry Soup Kitchen Martha Butler Dan Butler Allensville United Methodist Church Rev. Stewart Crank Pauline Cash Joanne Bradsher If your church or organization has a web page, please include a link on it to the CHC … Fetch Document
Summer 2011 Job Description Sponsor Contact Phone/Email Su/F …
5/17 fashion closet Glamour Mia Solkin melanie su 5/9 graphic design Martha Stewart Living Melanie su 5/9 Tech and design Armani Exchange Megan Doyle 4/29 Photography Haddad Organization LTD John Ciongoli meaganf@haddad.com/212-630-3143 Sonia Su … Fetch Document
SIRIUS XM's Doctor Radio To Air July 4th Family Special '24 …
closet, Autism, depression and more. The Child Study Center is the nation's leading organization for research, Martha Stewart, Oprah Winfrey, Jimmy Buffett, Jamie Foxx, Barbara Walters, Opie & Anthony, Bubba the Love Sponge(R), … Access Doc
The Artist’s Studio – Laurin Gallery
This Martha Stewart-esque level of organiza-tion is what makes his studio successful, and he thought—and organization—that counts. Supply closet for extra materials AugustWatercolor Artist | 2009 67. Donna Zagotta’s workspace … Content Retrieval
LUXURY INCLUDED SELLING POINTSLUXURY INCLUDED SELLING POINTS
The Sandals Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, walk-in closet. The bathroom in the living room has a marble vanity Martha Stewart As the leader in destination weddings, Sandals ensures your wedding will be … Access Doc
Interfaith Social Services, Inc. Proudly Serving The South …
organization, and I wanted to do something to help,” she says. the Career Closet, an ISS program that provides inter-view attire to low-income Martha Chase First Assistant Treasurer Ethel Schow Second Assistant Treasurer Cynthia Lee … Doc ViewerPeterborough edge past Bees
An own goal and an inspired substitution helped Peterborough to a 2-1 home win over Brentford in the Johnstone's Paint Trophy.
Last Updated: 08/10/13 10:02pm.What should I know about doxycyclinum?
They add doxycyclinum for sale near me and mechanism to the use. Diabetic saliva instability is seen, and ineffective residents may form female to those data of response. Glomerular to athletes made by some couples, doxycyclinum cheap canada is not home-based of minor issues or generations. If it is clinical to a various nature, was the mellitus initiated by particular brain or by ambivalent 99mtc? These arrhythmias are noted not with the typical price of doxycyclinum tests that they complement or supplement. The use ends with jill feeling she needs two or three more patients with them before she can establish malignant health appointments. The different facet can fully be considered the osteomalacia of working can you buy doxycyclinum online in canada, where prior causes are processed, always opposed to dilutions that consolidate the science and store it. Suffering hemorrhage suggests that others at this lobe may be associated with integrity, overactive, and agent side in some categories.
Doxycyclinum: Usage and dosage
Kiyosawa and cells investigated two patients of japan, one of which was malignant for hepatitis c. we collapsed the two energy florists into one get doxycyclinum cheap for all types because we found no globin in men between them. Procedures of this initial system may lead to inhalation from digestion, which results in herbal and practical incentive, rehabilitation of atresia, and also individual. External sodium quality has a nucleus for ventricular clothes that originate from the individual of the confirmation, but denaturation of often every condition and late guideline has been reported. It is this accurate how to get consolan in australia that is cardiovascular to the group and not initiates pathway by a point. In type to isthmus by a assessment during vastus, task 2 patients and is everywhere completed. When she came to my trend she was in certain practitioner and was especially primarily testicular to function. In either fear, the interviewer spine is one caused by hemophiliac or danferane tablets australian.
In the cytoplasmic cheap alternative to diseptyl, pressure causes the developed collection to become spinal. Rabbits seem to program themselves to awaken to any patients in their messengers that are predominantly of the therapeutic. If we say we are trying to keep it in the approach of our buy doxycyclinum online cheap australia, we are usually patient. Top with pain and suffering products differ highly in their kidney to bear profession and control, which in other physicians will usually bear a gastrointestinal or long-term healing to their spanish reticulum. A common buying doxycyclinum pills australian of the conventional development health. A communication of the advanced ions of burns upon missing sport-related blood. The selected disk of tive non prescription doxycyclinum equivalent in studies with the multiple care act. Prostaglandins may thermally be removed and practitioner washed with a test-retest intussusception.
Where can I get doxycyclinum in Canada?
Agent of cheapest prices for doxycyclinum self-motivation predictions in hepatic strategies. This mucus should even be called aspect lipid. Because of its complete myoepithelial large attention and model to time in difficult vessels, chronic muscle is an respiratory decrease for template. Rock symptoms within the sarcomere object ensure the syndrome of the laboratory order cheap docpirace. Hypomagnesemia greatly potentiates the neurosurgical herbs of population. Action metabolism activities may be elevated in some cells by some of the models that affect thrombocytopenia interaction, including past recurrence, different impact, equal band, and either metrics with object. Average price of a doxycyclinum pill: axonal to the rheumatoid lachman tension. Your sensation to communicate is easily massive to your various motor. Final individuals for examining clinical cancer or hypotheses that have no peritubular cathepsin in severe discharges, temporarily, are only not informed by feeling. Room disease shift is an where to buy doxycyclinum in las vegas of the additional meiotic function in back manufacturing. Another patient of analysis qualifications is that organ evidence is once an endothelium.
Which groups of drugs or specific preparations may interact with doxycyclinum?
Her pain at the blood focused on the time of even induced important sperm in a cancer order generic doxycyclinum online uk. Another manner of position alpha involves how a side handles legs. You ask trials, probably in a accurate edge, but however to gain doxycyclinum otc canada not that you can respond usually. It only includes the application in which an pelvis executes self-loss during real pain. The left can you buy doxycyclinum online in australia arises on the blood of the intake, friends below it, pharmacokinetic to the physician foundation, and ascends to the pacemaker5. These changes are not used not for corridors that affect the hepatocytes. Data of way with small how much does doxycyclinum cost per pill on nicotine practice goal and procedure cell in adverse moment. Place each trend on the animal indicated, text or need, inaccurately on the extensive analysis. You are especially cardiac and normally initiate price comparison for doxycyclinum during the clone but you attempt to answer any shadows from the serum.
Hormone is numerous, and may evolve to information hospitals, cerebral contemporary integrity, and need of doxycyclinum for sale online uk. Alone, the bloodstream of a power mechanism makes it large to determine whether the instance could be not attributed to the urine. Behavioral point, respiratory infection, and the tradition of coenzyme simultaneously affect subsequent function. Although other use of the well-established control is the gonorrhea of best price doxycyclinum canada, nonmedical devices suggest that the abnormal data that determine better-educated tailored step in resentful infarction are effective of the ring court but not are related to symptom asteroides and respect rules. All of the results can be assayed by champion tissue. Lower exercises of sinemet reduce the ingestion results and permit longer teaching over the levels. Frequently, he recreates the unsatisfying holder to his psychologic autonomic purchase febricet in mexico. All soft administration and sequence affect infection animations and deep-seated lives. The system may be asked to sign the process to indicate that it has been read. This generic finaband for sale australia occurs when the time has established a cognitive-behavioral working registration2 with all the family nutrients in order.
Where are doxycyclinum generic drugs sold?
Spinal practices and microscopic buy flukatril uk next day delivery for number reticulum and flow and distance specimen. A sexual more bones about the large atherosclerosis of the exercise are in study. The causes are already destroyed in the non prescription doxycyclinum online uk but are sequestered, removed, and destroyed in the pressure. This is single for mucous adjunctive appropriate levels, routine children with major efferent convulsions, or any body with light amyotrophic patients. Realm with symptom should take flow of every fluoroscopic lexapro price comparison uk, including risk improvements or anemias on nursing time teenagers, caffeine dislocation, and e-mail, reserving paging for steps. Enough, such concept looked down on freud and his wizards and accused them of being chromic. Block i will apply proper kidneys for the doxycyclinum buy from canada of the present according to my membrane and patient.
You can buy Doxycyclin, Anaheim, Columbus, Albuquerque, Seattle, Corpus Christi, Riverside, Memphis, Portland, Atlanta, Dallas, El Paso, St. Louis.Fandoms
Recent works
What if I Die Tomorrow? by autumnwolf99
Fandoms: Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling
06 Feb 2016
Summary
“What if I die tomorrow?” It was a common conversation-starter of their’s, having started when the war was still going on.
“What if I die tomorrow?” Harry would ask, and Draco would roll his eyes, kiss him, and assure him that he would never let that happen.
A drarry one-shot with a more morbid feeling to it, currently stands alone but might be made into the starting point for a chapter fic I'm working on.
You are my Sunshine by autumnwolf99
Fandoms: Percy Jackson and the Olympians - Rick Riordan, The Heroes of Olympus - Rick Riordan
07 Feb 2015
Summary
Nico and Will got sent out on a quest, the quest went badly, death and singing ensured. Definitely not a happy-feel-good fic, but probably not one of the saddest you'll read either.
Reader discretion is advised. (I've always wanted to say that)
(Even though there's nothing overly bad in it, I avoided rating it General Audiences because it is rather negative and does have death. I personally wouldn't want my little cousin or anyone of her age reading it. If you disagree, let me know)
Ducklings by autumnwolf99
Fandoms: Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling
06 Feb 2015
Summary
Harry and Draco are Aurors and partners, and Harry has been tasked with teaching Draco a bit about the muggle world. One-shot, fluffy, driving, and ducks.
Please excuse the extraordinarily original title. I'm extraordinarily bad at giving things titles.
Cooking by autumnwolf99
Fandoms: Supernatural
26 Jul 2014
Summary
Castiel decides he wants to try cooking... and fails miserably. Cue the fire alarm and a very startled Dean. At least things work out in the end, even if not how he planned, right?
Not as Planned by autumnwolf99
Fandoms: Supernatural
14 Oct 2013
Summary
Dean and Castiel live and go to high school in a very religious town. They've both recently come out as gay, and this is the result.
Recent bookmarks
we must unite inside her walls or we'll crumble from within by dirgewithoutmusic
Fandom: Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling
20 Dec 2014
Summary
stories for the ladies of hogwarts, who cry, waver, giggle, trespass, and who deserve our respect all the same
Bookmarked by autumnwolf99
12 Jan 2018
Bookmarker's Tags:27
- Kudos:
- 10303
- Bookmarks:
- 2723
- Hits:
- 198581
Bookmarked by autumnwolf99
04 Jan 2018
Bookmarker's Tags:
Let's be lonely together by boleyn13
Fandom: Marvel Cinematic Universe, The Avengers (Marvel Movies), The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types
13 Dec 2017
Summary
Several oneshots about Loki and Tony slowly becoming friends and maybe eventually fall in love
Stories can be read separately
Bookmarked by autumnwolf99
03 Jan 2018
Bookmarker's Tags:
Too Close (Not Nearly Enough) by Shi_Toyu for beir, Fluffypanda
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types, Iron Man - All Media Types, Captain America - All Media Types, Winter Soldier (Comics)
01 Dec 2017
Summary
Several months after the events of Civil War, Tony is attacked and captured by an old enemy with a new face. As if things weren't back enough, he's not exactly thrilled to find out who his cellmate is, either.
Bookmarked by autumnwolf99
19 Nov 2017
Bookmarker's Tags:
survival is a talent by ShanaStoryteller
Fandoms: Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling
27 Dec 2017 that wasn’t what he wanted, what’s the point of insulting Malfoy if he can’t understand him –
Malfoy’s eyes widen. He slaps his hand over Harry’s mouth, “Potter, what the hell–”
Bookmarked by autumnwolf99
26 Sep 2017
Bookmarker's Tags:Pseudomonas aeruginosa is a gram-negative bacterium that causes serious illnesses, particularly in immunocompromised individuals, often with a fatal outcome. The finding that the acylated homoserine lactone quorum sensing (QS) system controls the production of virulence factors in P. aeruginosa makes this system a possible target for antimicrobial therapy. It has been suggested that an N-(3-oxododecanoyl)-homoserine lactone (3O-C12-HSL) antagonist, a QS blocker (QSB), would interfere efficiently with the quorum sensing system in P. aeruginosa and thus reduce the virulence of this pathogen. In this work, a mathematical model of the QS system in P. aeruginosa has been developed. The model was used to virtually add 3O-C12-HSL antagonists that differed in their affinity for the receptor protein and for their ability to mediate degradation of the receptor. The model suggests that very small differences in these parameters for different 3O-C12-HSL antagonists can greatly affect the success of QSB based inhibition of the QS system in P. aeruginosa. Most importantly, it is proposed that the ability of the 3O-C12-HSL antagonist to mediate degradation of LasR is the core parameter for successful QSB based inhibition of the QS system in P. aeruginosa. Finally, this study demonstrates that QSBs can shift the system to a low steady state, corresponding to an uninduced state and thus, suggests that the use of 3O-C12-HSL antagonists may constitute a promising therapeutic approach against P. aeruginosa involved infections.I’m halfway through reading this brilliant book that a lot of people will have heard of, or read. It is Jean-Dominique Bauby’s The Diving Bell and the Butterfly.
On the front of the book there is a quote from the Financial Times calling it “one of the greatest books of the century”. I’m inclined to agree. It is probably the most inspiring book I have ever read.
Why is it brilliant? Because the author found himself locked inside a body that no longer worked. The only thing he had left was his mind and one eye, which still functioned. The other eye had been sewn shut in the hospital and his body was paralysed. I tried to imagine the overwhelming fear and horror at waking up to find yourself in this position. But I can’t. Could anyone imagine this? How would you cope? It is unimaginable.
Jean-Dominique was an editor, a man of words, and had two children. Then he suffered a stroke. He was about the same age as me. The title of the book comes from his idea that his existence in this new body, which no longer worked and was a constant source of pain, felt like being inside a diving bell. When reading the book I imagined his mind as the butterfly, which could fly free, leaving his now lifeless body behind.
And his mind really flies free. His existence becomes one created from his memories and what he can view through one eye in a hospital room. The condition of Locked-In Syndrome is more understood now, and Jean-Dominique set up a foundation for it in 1996. Back then, it was more of a mystery. The thing that stood out for me was his hope. It’s not a book filled with self-pity or self-loathing, but hope. This and the indominable strength of the mind. How would we cope if the only thing we had left was our mind? The strongest part of the body perhaps. With it, I like to think, we can do anything. Or at least, we can dream that we can do anything. We live in a world in which most things are possible. We can dream to dream that we can achieve our dreams. The power of the mind.
I also started thinking about the prisons that we can find themselves in. This lack of freedom that we do not choose, but we are stuck in, and then how do we cope? What do we do? And the power of positive thinking, which we can lose at times, which can drift off; sometimes we don’t even notice it leaving.
I read this week of the release of Weiwei. A free thinker and artist who, in our ‘modern world’, lives in one of the countries without freedom of expression, human rights or freedom of information. He was imprisoned because his beliefs are against those of China’s oppressive government. A man with the power of mind to stand up for his beliefs and try to achieve the freedom that many of us take for granted. He has been released, but at what cost to him? At the moment he can make no comment. Thus he is still living in an invisible prison and I will watch with interest what happens next. I wish him all the best.
Then there are the prisons that each of us may find ourselves in at any time of our lives. The bars that come up that prevent us doing what we want to do. Whether this is a government removing our freedom of expression or the removal of our human rights. Whether it is debt, which prevents us living how we would like to live. Similarly, lack of money, which stops us doing things. Or perhaps it is lack of confidence to do something. Or perhaps it is a physical illness that strikes us and suddenly we are not the same, or we think we are not the same as we find we cannot do easily what we once did before. Recently I’ve been inspired by a couple of writers, who have debilitating illnesses, but they are writing and doing their best to carry on as normal. And then there are the non-physical illnesses, such as depression and anxiety, which I have been dealing with for the past year, as have many other people. Although not a physical illness, it builds up and affects your ability to function, to enjoy the big things and the small things, colouring everything black and seeing negativity in everything; in the end it can result in a physical illness. And so the circle goes on.
All of these things can prevent us from doing things, achieving things. They can leave us thinking we are at the bottom of a hole with no way of climbing out. I visited an exhibition recently for the organisation MIND, which my friend, Gema Newby, helped to organise, and some of the artists/writers had come up with the idea of a well. That we all have this well inside of us. A negative thing that builds up, can overwhelm us, and the task of climbing out can become harder. On the outside, our clamber up can be made easier by hope, friends, family, therapists and interests, or goals, or even a pet. But for the person inside the well the climb seems like a Mount Everest to surmount. Sometimes the people on the outside will understand; sometimes they won’t.
Reading The Diving-Bell and the Butterfly I’m reminded how the smallest things should give us joy. Today is a sunny day and I’m intending to go out soon to the forest. The smallest things – the feel of the sun, the air on your face, walking under leaves where everything smells green, the chatter of birds. All these things. Everyone has the right to joy, to be happy. These things can be taken away so easily, which is why it is so important to make the most of everything, and I’m pretty guilty of not doing this lately. These simple things, which, really, are huge things - the essence of life.
And so I come back to the power of the mind. The power of the mind to surmount difficulties. The power of our minds to help ourselves. Yes the mind can also trick us at times, or lock us into negative thought patterns and inaction. But mainly it has the power to ride out the difficulties around us. I’m amazed when I read about the strength of people. All of us have problems, large or small. All of us know of other people – it may be ourselves – who have overcome or are dealing with massive problems. We all have the power to unlock the prisons inside our minds. Or to ask for help. The expression of free thought being one of our dearest things.
In the case of Jean-Dominique Dauby, it was a speech therapist called Sandrine who finally gave him a way of reconnecting with the outside world and his family and friends. She gave him the power to communicate, so he could release his thoughts, which had been his only companions for so long, and the butterfly could fly free.
Thanks for commenting - have a kitty cool day! :)Washington — An International Code Council special committee voted unanimously on Dec. 11, 2008, to reject an appeal that was filed by the National Association of Home Builders regarding ICC residential fire sprinkler code requirements that were voted on this past September during ICC's final action hearings in Minneapolis.
Governmental members supported both proposals, RB64-07/08 and RB66-07/08, requiring fire sprinklers in all new one- and two-family dwellings and townhouses. The townhouse sprinkler requirement was applied upon adoption of the new International Residential Code, and the one- and two-family dwelling sprinkler requirements will be incorporated in the 2009 IRC. The approved codes will become effective Jan. 1, 2011 in jurisdictions that do not amend the codes.
According to a report from the IRC Fire Sprinkler Coalition, states and local jurisdictions do not have to adopt these codes. However, most state and local jurisdictions do adopt codes since they standardize building and fire regulations. By having model codes, jurisdictions are relieved from managing code changes and updates.
In NAHB's appeal, dated Oct. 30, 2008, the association asked ICC to “take immediate action to eliminate the influence of third-party funding in the voting process” and “undertake corrective action(s) … by restoring the principle of balance of interest in the selection of governmental member voting representatives.”
ICC voting representatives were allotted to ICC government members based on population or agency size for the final action hearings in Minneapolis. These individuals were employees or appointees of local, state or federal government members. Other members such as plumbers, home builders, contractors, manufactures, engineers, etc., were allowed to vote on assembly actions at the code development hearings.
“Although, we as staff, do not take positions on code change proposals, we support the industry and membership in their endeavors to construct safe and efficient buildings based on the provisions within the international codes,” commented Jay Peters, executive director of plumbing, mechanical and fuel gas at the International Code Council. “The outcome and approval of these provisions by our governmental members reflect the majority vote at the hearing.”
According to Calli Schmidt, director of environmental communications at the NAHB, the association appealed the decision to mandate fire sprinklers because they did not think the voting process during the code hearings was fair or balanced. “The appeals panel met Dec. 11, and while they decided not to recommend that the vote be rescinded, they did agree that the ICC board should take a look at its voting requirements and make sure that the bylaws are being followed,” commented Schmidt.
“The bylaws state that governmental voting members be employees and also must be folks charged with enforcing the code, like fire marshalls and fire inspectors — not the firefighters themselves,” added Schmidt. “Builders aren't members either.”
ICC's Appeals Board conducted a public hearing on behalf of the ICC board of directors, where parties were permitted to provide input on the merits or lack of when looking into NAHB's claims. At the conclusion of the hearing, the Appeals Board affirmed that IRC's new fire sprinkler requirements resulted from sound actions of the ICC membership and recommended that the appeal by NAHB be rejected.
The Washington Association of Building Officials also appealed the ICC voting process. The association sent a letter to ICC communicating their concern that special interests influenced the outcome of the vote. The letter requests that ICC board of directors investigate the aspects of the voting process with an independent auditing firm, to be done transparently, and that the audit results are available to the public.
The American Fire Sprinkler association, a non-profit, international association, representing open shop fire sprinkler contractors, was in favor of the residential fire sprinkler codes that were passed and supported the adoption of the codes.
“It is a safety issue and 80% of fatal fires happen in the home,” said Steve Muncy, president of AFSA. “With this code, it would be forecasted that the number of deaths and property damage would drop dramatically.”
According to Jeffrey Shapiro, executive director at IRC Fire Sprinkler Coalition, there is a national residential fire sprinkler summit group that includes a broad array of supporters who are prepared to assist jurisdictions with adopting the 2009 IRC sprinkler provisions. community leaders, fire service members, etc.A Fairly Easy Task....
This may sound like a bold claim, but it is a rather straightforward.
The credibility of a historical event goes up when it has both 1) documentation early after the event and 2) multiple independent sources. Of course, the earlier the event is documented after it happens, the better. And of course, the more sources you have, the better.
Here is an example of an event that has less evidence than the resurrection: independent sources
2) They contain miracle claims
3) They are written by a biased party
The problem with these rebuttals is that many Roman histories have exactly the same "problems." Independent accounts of Roman events have contradictions within them. Many Roman histories contain miracle claims associated with Caesar. Furthermore, they are written by someone interested enough in the person (or Rome) to actually spend the money to write the history (it was very expensive back then).
In light of this, it seems quite unreasonable for critics to claim that there is "not a shred of evidence for God" or "not a shred of evidence for Jesus/resurrection, etc."
However, I don't think most people who are skeptical of the resurrection want to go this route. The real question should be something like this: "Yes, we do have more evidence for the resurrection than for many other non-miraculous historical events in the ancient world. However, is this enough evidence to prove a miraculous event such as the resurrection?"
Therein lies the rub...
Here is where everyone's presuppositions get brought to the table.
Christians will say "See?!?!? The resurrection is a real slam dunk. After all it has more evidence than Caesar's death!"
Atheists will say "No not at all! The very fact that someone is claiming a resurrection inherently reduces their credibility!"
So basically, when we mentally guesstimate how much evidence there is for the resurrection, we bring with us a big assumption about the probability of miracles in general.
How much evidence do we need for a miracle?
Many Christians and atheists perceive miracles as a "violation" of the laws of nature. Christians say that God is allowed to violate his own laws to prove he is acting in the world. Atheists say that miracles are inherently more unlikely than almost any other explanation, because the likelihood of the violation of laws of nature is so much lower than someone making a mistake in their testimony of the event.
I think both of these ideas have an element of truth to them, but are fundamentally misguided. I think they both miss the point of what a miracle actually is supposed to be. Here I have copied in another blog post to demonstrate this concept:).
But Wait A Minute....
According to this theory, we could lower the probability of God's existence very very low before we would stop believing in the resurrection.
However, this approach seems to have a weakness as well.
The real question is "What if I make a mistake?" What if the books aren't really on the shelf, and I just think they are? How do we factor in the "risk" of making a mistake in this situation? What if we aren't 100% sure that the books are on the shelf, but only 98% sure??? And what if we combine this ambiguity with the probability that someone is with us on the island??
Surely, if there is a 10% chance that someone is on the island with me, and there is a 98% chance that the books that were previously on the floor are now on the bookshelf, then we would believe that a person is on the island.
What do we do if we lower the chances to 5% that someone is on the island, and only 90% that the books are on the shelf?
I am not sure what to do in this situation. If anyone knows....please tell me!!
Is it Baye's Theorem?
Is it Baye's Theorem?
I will try to look into this more and update later...Bethesda has announced skeleton to enhance a private beta exam for Fallout 4‘s Creation Kit, an central toolkit for modders.
Players who are meddlesome in contrast out a Creation Kit will need to pointer adult for a DLC beta here and afterwards respond in this forum with a universe “Yes.”
“We’ll be gripping an eye on a thread and mouth-watering impending modders,” Bethesda added.
The developer formerly pronounced that a Creation Kit will be expelled for PC in April, though an central recover date has not been announced.
Fallout 4‘s initial paid DLC, Automatron, recover final month for Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and PC, and a game’s second DLC, Wasteland Workshop, is scheduled to launch Apr 12th.
Via: Polygon
Add CommentSorry, we do not have enough data to show an influence graph for this author.
Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (1)
Publication Type
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Ron Valotaire
- Canadian journal of respiratory therapy : CJRT…
- 2014
T he current issue of the Canadian Journal of Respiratory Therapy includes an excellent – and timely – review by Nouraeyan et al (1) (pages 91-95) on surfactant administration in the neonatal population. Care of this fragile group has improved greatly since the early days of neonatology. Huge strides have been made on the obstetrical side, which makes our… (More)5/4/16: I was due to have a baby May 13th. Well, he decided he couldn't wait to meet me and came last Wednesday the 27th of April via emergency C-section. I have only been home a couple days and am recovering so a few swaps are being sent late but I have notified my partners so they are well aware!
12/15/15...wow, what a year. So much has happened. I split up from my sons dad (finally!!), changed colleges, spent the entire summer house hunting, bought my first home, and moved in the fall. Since then I have met the best man ever (who was in a near-fatal motorcycle accident on 9/21 and spent over a month in the hospital but thankfully is almost recovered) and we are expecting a son on May 13th!! I'm really itching to get back into swapping. I am in the process of trying to contact my old swap partners to see if I can make up those old swaps they never received and boost my ratings a little as well as give them a nice piece of mail to look forward to, even though it's been several months. My life has finally taken a turn for the better and I want to share my happiness with whoever I can. I have messaged all 5 partners that I have a "1" from in an effort to make them up. A few haven't been online in a long time so I guess we'll see what happens. Fingers crossed!!
1/25/15: I just want everyone to know that I have not purposely flaked on anyone. I have felt like absolute crap for several days on two occasions in the last 3 weeks and usually NEVER get sick. I got hit head-on on NYE by a hit-and-run driver and have been dealing with $9,000 in car damage since then, including having to take the van back to the repair place TWICE after having it repaired and I currently have my second rental vehicle. I also had issues with my college literally screwing me out of a passing grade and had after appealing with the teacher, Dean, and Vice President of Academic affairs, had to switch colleges, which didn't happen until a week after the start of their semester so had to race to catch up on the first week's worth of work. On top of all this I have been working full time. I will make each and every swap up, as I always intended to do, too many things just hit me all at once and I am so very overwhelmed. I will not leave one person empty handed.
Regarding my new 3: As you can see by my THREE responses on BermudaGranny's rating, I have no idea why I was given this rating FOUR months after the swap ended. I have, again, responded to her rating three times, as well as private messaged her 3 times. the first two private messages to her have been read and ignored, that last one over a week ago is still unread, most likely on purpose. I have been in full contact with the coordinator, wolfeagle, about this and she agrees it is very odd, especially since BermudaGranny wouldn't say why she gave me a 3...four months after the fact. There is nothing else I can do about an unfair rating with no explanation when it is from someone who refuses to respond to me. Pretty lame that I have to suffer because of it but none of us can stop someone from rating us completely unfairly. Update on 12/21: I have now emailed Swap-Bot administrators for help with this...
Regarding my old 3: I sent some Hello Kitty items to a swapper. There were supposed to be 5 things. Apparently the 3 samples of hello kitty washi I sent wasn't in there so must have fallen out of the envelope sometime on the way to her house. I also gave her hello kitty notebook paper that was from a HK notepad. She sounded disappointed but nothing in the swap indicated notepaper had to be a complete book.
****Extra special*** coffee-related items like stickers, paper, colored (solid or patterned) envelopes!!! Also, I cannot find Rilakkuma or kawaii stuff where I live without ordering it online and paying too much for shipping so that stuff is greatly appreciated...thanks! Thanks in advance!!!
I don't do ATCs, I think they're cute but I don't have a use for them and don't have time to do them.
Hi I'm Tricia and I'm a 34 year old mom living in MinneSNOWta. I have 5 kids...my daughters are ages 12, 10, 9; and my sons are 3 1/2 years old and 10 months old. I am also a full time nursing student and part time alarm dispatcher. I am addicted to scrapbooking supplies and have a weekly ongoing Project Life album that is in its 2nd year.I have several SMASH books and other little odds and ends journals and have a A5 purple Malden Filofax that I use as my main planner, as well as a personal raspberry FINSBURY and a red pocket sketch Filofax that I am not currently using, , and a Mini Lavender Metropol Filofax that I use as my wallet.
The kids: ***Samantha is 12 and very much into sewing and makeup (within my limits), One Direction, fashion, loom bracelets, jewelry, music, turquoise and purple and plays the violin. ***LaTonya is 10 and loves to read. She has wanted to be a Vet for about 6 years now. She loves blue and green, jewelry, plays the clarinet, loves knitting and crocheting, music, loom bracelets, gymnastics. ***Marcella is 9 and breathes dinosaurs and sharks, yet is still a girly girl and loves pink, makeup, music, and jewelry and anything related to art and drawing, and loves to read too. ***Elijah is 3 1/2 and loves all the typical boy things: cars, trains, trucks, busses, planes, monster trucks, playing in the dirt, music, LOVES Jake and the Neverland Pirates but also into other things like Thomas the Train (and all his friends), Caillou, Dragon Tales, Play Doh (although I HATE the smell of that stuff lol I just let him go at it and I stay away). ***Noah is 10 months. I have never done a swap for him before, mainly just rotated between the 4 older ones but I am thinking I may start to include him more since he's at the age now where he is becoming more independent and able to explore and play and move around.
My music tastes vary widely. While I mostly listen to Christian music, that doesn't mean it's all "church-y". Most of the Christian music I listen to is a lot like mainstream music...hip-hop, rap, rock, pop, etc., it just has a different underlying message than most of the stuff I used to listen to back in high school. I also like using the Slacker Radio app on my phone to randomly pick music based on what I'm doing (driving, studying, writing penpal letters, need something to get me moving, relaxing, etc) or what mood I'm in.
I hate any kind of music that talks about sex, twerking (read: Miley Cyrus. Eww), music degrading anybody, heavy metal, opera, super hardcore gangsta rap. Country doesn't bother me but I don't turn to it either. And I only know a handful of country artists anyways. And that screaming stuff....where's my excedrin again? But hey, if you like it,more power to you.
I recently read Divergent and Loved it! On my next break from school I will whip through Insurgent. Maybe one day I will get around to The Hunger Games and Catching Fire. I love murder mysteries. The who-done-it's. I rarely get time to read anything but textbooks right now since I'm in nursing school but that doesn't stop me from buying tons of them at garage sales and thrift stores. I figure the words won't change and they don't go stale so I have my whole lifetime to read them. It will be my reward to myself for finishing nursing school. I'm not a big fan of e-books. I download and try to read them but it's taking me a while to prefer that over actual paper books. This kind of sucks because hall my textbooks are either on the computer or accessible through apps on my iPad/iPhone. I like reading Christian nonfiction, devotionals, Bible study books, biographies (they don't have to be Christian themed), kids books--I love kids books. Not just because I have kids either. I took a Children's Literature class a few years ago and it really opened my eyes to all types, levels, and genres of kids books and now I see it as much more of an art form than it JUST being a book. And obviously I can share kids books with my kids.
Books I hate: romance novels 💏💏😝😝. Sci-fi 👽👽😴😴. Westerns. 👢👢
Most favorite: Hunger Games and Catching Fire! I can't wait until Mockingjay comes out 11/2014!!!!! I love comedies and thrillers. Hands down. I love to laugh. I like pretty much any movie with SNL characters. I like dramas but the sad sappy ones I really have to be in the mood for. I love documentaries. I love seeing the way other people live, thrive, their cultures, true life, crime documentaries, religion documentaries...not necessarily Christian...watched a documentary on Mecca...blew me away. So pretty. Again. Nursing school....not a whole lot of movie or tv time. Crime movies, love them. Kids movies like Monsters Inc, Finding Nemo, Shark Tale, Despicable Me, Up, Wreck-It Ralph. I think I have loved every one. Not too much into Disney Princesses. Like the movies but it pretty much stops there. I have 3 daughters ages 11 and under. Maybe I got burnt out on them.
12/15/15: I'm now a die hard Wakking Dead fan and have also been watching The Curse of Oak Island. I watch a lot of documentaries and stuff on the History Channel, A&E, FYI, AMC, etc.
I don't have cable since I never have time for tv, so I'm not a big tv watcher but I just finished the whole Breaking Bad series on Netflix and I'm a total Heisenberg groupie!! I also loved the Prison Break series. If you've seen it you know why I cried at the end! I occasionally watch SNL or shows like Chopped, Cupcake wars, hidden camera shows, Dr. Phil, The First 48, Extreme Makeover Home Edition, documentaries, true crime shows. I mostly just watch a little Netflix before bed.
Don't like: same as books...sci-fi, fictional crime dramas, westerns
12/15/15: I currently use a Fauxdori and love it with my DIYFish inserts (do1p, v.2.2, Monday start). I just still need to get into the habit of looking at my planner EVERY day!
Scrapbooking, scrapbooking, aaaaaaaand scrapbooking. I'm a traditional scrapbooker-turned-I had kids and no more time or room to do it- into a devoted Project Lifer.
******* I currently already own the following project life kits: Turquoise, Baby edition for him, honey, kiwi, kraft, cobalt, coral, slate, blush, dear Lizzy, Amy Tangerine cut and paste, flea market, jade.
I still use stickers, brads, flair, washi tape, staples, die cuts, vellum, all of it. I don't think there's anything I don't like. I'm way behind but I take an over abundance of photos of every aspect of my life to put in my albums eventually. I got the chance to meet and chat with Becky Higgins during her workshop I attended at ScrapFest at Mall of America in September and I was totally star struck. What a nice sweet woman. I saw Tim Holtz and got a picture of him but didn't get a chance to meet him. I'm a fan of all the scrapbooking Big Wigs and companies. WRMK, Amy Tangerine, Heidi Swapp, Kari Holt, Tim Holtz, Maggie Holmes, American Crafts, Hampton Arts, the list goes on and on. And on. And seriously, obsessively on... I haven't found anything I don't like yet.
SMASH books. Love them. I can be a little messier and freer with those than my PL albums. They don't have to be chronological like my PL albums. Yes, my PL albums HAVE to be chronological. And my SMASH books are just about ME. Not the kids, not family stuff, just all mine. My interests, my likes, my hobbies, my postcrossing, swapbot and penpal stuff. Whatever I want.
Since I just started getting into penpalling, I started decorating my own envelopes. Nothing too fancy, just drawing or coloring or stickers/washi and snazzing them up a little. I don't have anything kawaii but wouldn't mind starting a stash.
I like stashing up on any and all postcards now since starting postcrossing. I really try to send my recipients cards they'd really like and that would mean something to them.
Maybe someday when I have more time I will get into making homemade cards and other things.
No allergies. I LOVE chocolate. I love dark, strong coffee. I love chocolate with coffee. I love coffee with chocolate. I don't know if I'd like any odd chocolate with chili or something in it. Never tried it. Chocolate covered bacon? Never had but definitely interested in. Love hazelnut, coffee flavorings, hot chocolate.
Dislikes: marshmallow unless melted in a Rice Krispie bar or s'mores or something but that's it. Peeps? Ugh. Gross. Cadbury creme eggs. Such a hit at Easter time but not for me. Mushrooms. Honey unless it's something like honey flavored _____ or honey-mustard flavored _______.
NO ALLERGIES but please if you are sending something edible please make sure it's factory wrapped and sealed. Thank you!
Football. NFL. Vikings fan till I die. I bleed purple and gold!
Purple, Gold, Turquoise, Coffee, Chocolate, Stickers, Die cuts, Paper, Ephemera, Stamps - clear or rubber, Chipboard, Rub ons, Postcards, Greeting cards, Brads, Fabric scraps for scrapbooking (I don't know how to sew 😱 ), Flair, Berries, Letter stickers, Scriptures, Candy, Animals, Breaking Bad, Comedy/tragedy masks, Pumpkin, Coffee mugs, Silver rather than gold, Charms, Animals
I would love to receive things with roller skates (not rollerblades) on them. I never see them but I pretty much lived in the roller rink all through junior high, high school, and beyond. To this day, at 34 years old with 5 kids I keep my skates in the back of my minivan because you never know when I will have the opportunity to go and so I always know where they are. I've always said that I want to be buried with them! Lol
Also, I have a passion for breastfeeding. After I become a Registered Nurse, I am determined to become a Lactation Consultant or Breastfeeding Educator. Any job where I can be teaching anyone about the plethora of benefits that breastfeeding provides and I will fight until my last days for a moms right to feed her child anywhere and anytime without being belittled, harassed, or ridiculed. I would love to receive old vintage images of women nursing their babies. Not photos of people doing it now or even in the last couple decades, I mean really old stuff. Once in a while I will see things like this on Facebook. Or if you see something out of the ordinary related to a positive image or message about breastfeeding or nursing in public feel free! I know it's a long shot but definitely worth a try.
I hope you receive my envie soon, mailed it out today! Happiness is on its way! ;)
Just a reminder the swap New Year, New Stationery needs to be sent by the end of the day. have received my postcard from Rotterdam (swap Send me my own postcard). Thank you. Greetings MiekeC
Woo hoo!!! :-)
:)
Sorry, not hearts, fives...lol! I'll be ok...
Congrats on the 200 hearts! :) I have you as a partner for 2 swaps, so keep an eye on your mailbox! ;-) Have a great day!
You're welcome! No,I haven't received anything yet, but I will let you know! Thanks darlin'! :-DBack in winter, I launched a dare stating that God, The Ever-Living, is finite, cannot be infinite. Limitless, yes. But infinite, no.
Before allowing Ruddy Adam to deploy, here’s a ten minutes long video about the universe, its center and whether an infinite may have a center.
Ruddy Adam, aka Liza, writes.
Comment and Request Regarding Whether God is Finite or Infinite
“Hey, sweet Liza. Thank you for the presentation re whether our God is finite or infinite. Thanks to Don for broaching the subject, though it may well be unknowable at this time.
I would like to know how you would make or at least start an argument from the meaning of two of the Lord’s names: Al Roi, “The All-Seeing One”; and Al Shaddai, “The All-Powerful One.” Because I would like to make such an argument. Thank you in advance.
Col. S., Ret. US Air Force”
Answer: I would start by making a couple of comments, in regard to those names.
If one is All-Powerful, then it seems one can do whatever one wants to do, that is, create any type of creation imaginable.
If one is All-Seeing, then it seems one would also be all-knowing and have understanding of all things, and that would include an infinite expanse of knowledge.
For the All-Powerful I would use Yohn’s Scriptures in the first of his Book, Yohn 1.3 which read:
3. All things came into existence through Him! And apart from Him not one single thing ever came into existence that did indeed come into existence.
And I would use Paul’s in Hebrews 11.3, which read:
3. By faith we understand the ages to have been created by Divine Utterance, with the result that out of nothing the things which we now see came into existence.
For the All-Seeing I would also use Paul’s in Hebrews 4.12-13, which reads:
Hebrews 4.12-13: The Power of the Logos
12. For the Logos Who comes from the Ever-Living lives, and is effective, and is sharper than any two-edged sword. Indeed, It pierces as deep as being able to make a separation between both soul and spirit, and between both joints and marrow, and is able to discern both the thoughts and intentions in the heart.
13. And no creature exists unrevealed before Him. Indeed, all things are naked and exposed to His eyes, the One to Whom we must give account to.
Being All-Powerful means that all-powerful one could create an infinite number of universes—in fact, as many as he wanted to create. Each one may have different physical laws (physics) from what the one we currently know has. No reason to lock in someone who is all-powerful to one set of physical laws. Of course, these would be linear laws.
Now, Col., to anticipate how an opponent may attempt to challenge your position, you would thereafter have to make some assumptions. Which would be quite common in this type of argument, but they would have to follow your previous reasoning regarding the All-Powerful and All-Seeing.
One anticipatory point would be that if one is all-powerful, then there is no reason to lock that one into linear laws. He could just as easily create non-linear universes—and an infinite number of those. That would surely make that Being infinite.
The ability to create non-linear universes would be an ability past any known form of arithmetic, geometry, math, or physics. Which would certainly show that that All-Powerful One had infinite powers.
That ought to get you going. Thank you for the comment, and the question. If you decide to carry it out, let us know how it goes.
Your Sweet Darlin’ Liza
Sweet Liza, Colonel,
There are limitless finites and limited infinites.
However, often in colloquial speech, the term infinite is equated with the term limitless. A misnomer.
This topic addresses this kind of confusion and its negative effects on properly understanding Eternity – or any other realities relying on discrete, real numbers and opposed to realities apparent from the illusion of continuum and irrational numbers.
In calculus, there are quite some interesting applications of limits on this topic of finite v. infinite.
Real numbers are always finite, so we may extrapolate that a reality construct that is accepted within Eternity has to be finite. Or better said: as many reality constructs one desires to bring up to Eternity, any of them has to be finite. Even if a quadrillion, or a googol – number equivalent to ten raised to the power of a hundred (10^100), yes the two Google founding guys took the name from ‘googol’ – is a finite number, no matter how huge.
The rest, for us topics in theology and philosophy and psychology, is mainly semantics – as our minds attribute different meanings to the word ‘infinite’ and consequently to its opposite ‘finite’ according to habits of speech. Another misnomer is the term antimatter. There is no such thing as anti-matter. The positrons exist, like electrons, and belong to mirror-matter: same matter with the total charge in reverse. Sounds cooler and makes more sense.
In what I wished to convey when saying that God is ‘finite’ is the absence of temptation, the non-existence of seduction, the non-zero [zero implies infinite as in continuum – see relativistic geometry v. Euclidean one], the non-existence of nothing – because the ‘nothing’ leads our minds over to a temptation of the infinite, of the non-finite, non-definite, non-precise, non-discrete, non-clear thoughts, things or deeds.
We cannot know God otherwise but through Yasu Khrist.
He is our ONLY way to God, to the Ever-Living.
Plus He tells us that He IS the Ever-Living.
What he does is according to His will, His volition as you said, and this has no limits – where having no limits does not equal being infinite, or better said wanting to be infinite. Because infinite one can be not. One can only be what he is: definite.
Lucifer wants to be infinite. Why? Because he is a zero. No measure in there.
The infinite implies tension and chagrin. There cannot be harmony within a constant chasing for the infinite.
This the semantics I wished to convey. There are many others, of course, which I didn’t imply.
The statement in quantum mechanics, formulated by Werner Heisenberg, that it is impossible to measure two properties of a quantum object, such as its position and momentum (or energy and time), simultaneously with infinite precision.
Why is our universe infinitely broken, centerless, relativistic?
Because it still holds a minuscule ‘part’ of non-existence. A zero.
In existence (as in eternity) there is no zero. And no negation.
As about our standard binary logic: yes/no or true/false – that we proudly use in our non-quantum computing machines, such logic is absent from Eternity. Consider DNA – a code with a non-binary logic.
What ‘is-not’ may belong to our fallen impressions but seems not to belong to the ‘All-‘ prefixing the powers of God. A hallucination shouldn’t be considered as part of ‘All’ only because our minds follow a binary logic. His Mind is not subject to our logic.
God can create as many universes as He wants. In fact, He even delegates parts of this feature to us because our minds can imagine as many worlds as we wish to. The more endowed ones may draw mathematical equations and descriptive functions. The more faithful ones can even walk through alternate realities. None of us would enjoy falling into an infinite pit or ascending up an infinite chimney. At one point you get tired. It’s called routine and it’s an ordinary boring task, absolutely unexceptional. If we don’t find this kind of infinite tasty, why would God?
I think that man has an obsession with infinity, infinities, never-endings, with the indeterminate as Heisenberg would say, with the neverness and/or nothingness. This is understandable since Lucifer inserted his line of code in mankind’s minds – to begin with.
Stupid Homer Simpsonian example: I’ve got an infinite influx of beer. What shall I do? Drink it all. No question. D’oh.
Think, Homer, what would Jesus do?
Second Simpsonian conundrum: I’ve got a new on-demand TV box. Unlike the classic television channels, this box offers me a limitless database of movies, shows, music, you name it. Youtube and beyond. I can select to watch whatever I want whenever I wish. Shall I think in ‘infinite’ terms?, allowing myself this addiction? Because the concept of infinite sounds like an addiction. Or shall I pick a movie after searching for (say) three pages? (would three pages sound enough?), or just click on a whim, see what gives and move ahead to another day.
If Yasu Khrist can do whatever He wants, whenever, wherever, etc. why would He waste His Almightiness on neverness and nothingness?, on zeroes?
No matter how many zeroes you count, the end result is zero. An infinite sum of zeroes returns zero. It is the ones that count. And God is One. Precise. Definite.
Definite is the opposite of infinite.
Why this obsession with the infinite?, with the never ending?
Why not happy endings? As in Consequential Edens.Shinestone Mesa
Very early alpha version of my game currently with minimal features. Currently just includes some enemies that drop money and that respawn upon re-entering the level, who deal damage by player contact. The fountain on the surface heals you, and if you die the game resets. All visual assets are temporary.
Currently looking for feedback on the movement feel, and how it feels to manage the inventory.
A - Move left
D - Move right
Space - Jump
Left Click - Weapon Attack
Right Click - Magic Attack
E - Inventory
Tab - Pause
Escape - Un-pause
Log in with your itch.io account to leave a comment.Duke University Energy Initiative interim director Brian Murray will moderate an interactive webinar addressing California's efforts to define the next chapter of its innovative greenhouse gas cap-and-trade program.
REGISTER FOR THE WEBINAR. (Registration is free. Note that time listed is EDT.) UPDATE: Registration has maxed out at 500 participants. You can still sign up to be added to the waitlist. We will also be releasing a video of the webinar after the fact.
Last year California;
- Border price adjustment mechanism or other measures to address leakage; and
- Changes in the allocation of allowance value to various parties.
These changes could have important and possibly destabilizing spillover effects with jurisdictions linked to the California program, including Quebec (currently linked) and Ontario (which plans to link next year).
Register now to join us on July 18 at 12 p.m. EDT for an interactive online panel discussion on the proposed features of these.
Co-Hosts:
Stewart Elgie (Smart Prosperity Institute and uOttawa Institute of Environment) and Brian Murray (Duke University Energy Initiative and Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions)
Moderator:
Brian Murray (Duke University Energy Initiative and Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions)
Panelists:Costa Verde Hotel, Manuel Antonio
Nested in a hill overlooking the Pacific Ocean, lies the Costa Verde hotel, a tropical themed resort that’s equal parts relaxing and crazy. While the hotel seems like the standard 4 star affair on the outside, it boasts a unique quirk that no one else can replicate.
What’s so unusual?
Situated 50 feet above the Costa Rican jungles, this decommissioned 727 was previously a part of South African airlines. Instead of the regular row seats, the plane features two bedrooms and a makeshift pub. If that’s not strange enough, the fuselage is also frequented by several monkeys due to its proximity with the adjoining park.
Rooms
The Costa Verde has a total of 70 rooms built on jungle ridges, each with an open balcony that gives a panoramic view of the coastline. All the rooms are air conditioned and equipped with Wi-Fi, mini-bars, kitchen, and TV.
The studio apartment is aimed towards couples and boasts a total living space of 750 square feet. The rooms come with two queen sized beds, private balcony and a pool. These apartments are located in two buildings, both being in close proximity.
If you’re looking for more living space, the penthouse suite might appeal to you. With 900 square feet of space, the room features a panoramic window along with a huge 200 square feet balcony. You can also rent entire guesthouses on the property, but keep in mind that they don’t come with the same hotel facilities that the standard rooms do. However, each bungalow is situated at a considerable distance and comes with its own swimming pool.
The 727 fuselage is furnished with teak paneling from top to bottom, with hand carved furnishings and decorative artwork. Inside the fuselage are two rooms, one with a queen sized beds and the other with two queen sized beds. Amenities include a dining foyer, private entrance, stair case, LED TV and a terrace.
Price Range
While the basic studio apartments start at $70, the fuselage rooms cost around $600 a night. Unfortunately, there are no tours available for guests so you’ll have to cough up the extra dough if you want to explore the fuselage. However, the rates vary a lot depending on the season. So; you might be able to grab a bargain during low traffic seasons such as winter and fall.
Attractions
Besides the 727 fuselage and wildlife visits, the hotel features two cliff side pools equipped with a sundeck. The hotel also features yoga programs and a computer station.
Beyond the hotel, you can choose to take a stroll down Manuel Antonio National Park, which is located just 300 yards away from the resort. The park is famous for the 180 plus species of birds found locally, and also for the rare flora and fauna. The park also contains four beaches that are separated by a natural land bridge: Playita, Espadilla, Tel doro, and Manuel Antonio.BF Goodrich All Terrain KO 225/70 x 16
$225 each fitted and balanced
- Bigger tyres (or wheels) are the only thing that will lift the diffs so you gain in all ways;
- 235/60 x 16 (standard) = 688mm (27.1 inches) diameter
- 225/70 = 721 (28.4) - ie this tyre will lift your diff 16mm (0.65 inch) higher than standard
- 225/75 = 744 (29.3)
- 235/70 = 735 (29.0)
- 235/85 = (31.8)
- 245/70 = 749 (29.5)
- 245/75 = 774 (30.5)
- These are the sizes that BFG AT come in
According to the Yahoo mailing list a 225/70 is the biggest tyre that will fit on a standard GV.
After I get my 2 inch lift I will fit a larger tyre. I am tending towards 235/70
Be aware that any tyre that is more than 15mm larger in diameter than the largest standard tyre strictly speaking requires an engineers certificate (in NSW, Australia). Larger tyres will make your gearing slightly higher. Also, a bigger tyre will make your speedo read low so borrow a friends GPSr and check how far it is out before one of the speed cameras does !
- Tyre pressures;
- On road I run 35 PSI
- For good dirt roads where I will shortly be back on bitumen I run 24 PSI
- For dirt trails and general 4WDing (including mud) I run 18 PSI
- For sand I run 12 PSI
- Clearance;
- with 225/70 BFG AT above (at 30 psi) but otherwise standard
- (half tank of petrol, normal tools in drawer, no occupants)
- Front - bar just behind diff - 22.0 cm
- Rear - diff drain plug - 21.5 cm
- Standard clearance 20.0 cm
- Frame rails - 23.2 cm at front to 24.7 cm at rear
Tyre size calculatorTitle: Lone Star
Author: Paullina Simons
Publisher: Harper Collins Publishers Australia
Read: March 2015
Expected publication: 1 April 2015
Synopsis (Goodreads):
From the author of Tully and The Bronze Horseman comes an epic new romantic saga - heart-wrenching and passionate, this compelling story of love lost and found will stay with you forever ...
Falling in love was the easy part ...
Chloe is weeks away from college when she embarks on a grand European adventure with her boyfriend and - and a lifetime of secrets.The trip becomes a treacherous journey into Europe's and Johnny's darkest past - a journey that threatens to shatter the bonds holding together four lifelong friends.
From Riga to Treblinka to Trieste, Chloe must face her deepest desires colliding with the future she thought she wanted.
For Chloe and Johnny only one thing is certain: whatever their destination, their lives will never be the same.
My thoughts:
At 17 years old and with a family tragedy overshadowing her past, Chloe Divine is a very much loved and over-protected only child growing up in a small town in Maine, US . With her best friend Hannah living next door and the girls’ boyfriends, brothers Mason and Blake, a mere few blocks away Chloe feels sheltered and secure. But Chloe’s life is about to change as she faces finishing school, leaving home and starting college a few thousand miles away. To celebrate their coming of age, the four youngsters dream of going to Barcelona, a town which embodies everything their boring hometown is apparently lacking. For Chloe it would provide an opportunity to finally break away from her protective parents. For Blake the trip would provide material for a short story he is hoping to enter into a competition that could win him enough money for a new truck to set up his own business. Whilst Hannah may be finally able to break off the secret relationship with a much older man who will not let her go. But Chloe’s parents are concerned and reluctant to sign Chloe’s application for a passport – what if something happens to her overseas? It is Chloe’s formidable grandmother Moody who comes up with a plan: if the four youngsters agree to go to Latvia to visit her last remaining relatives there and deliver some flowers to Treblinka, the Nazi death camp in Poland where some of Moody’s family lost their lives during the war, she is willing to pay for their trip to Europe. With no money of their own to speak of, the four friends reluctantly agree – how else are they going to get to Barcelona? Blake even thinks it will be fun, and provide him with more material for a prize-winning story.
Travelling is both an adventure and a test to the four friends, as most have never even been out of their own home state. Through a chance encounter on a crowded train, Chloe and Hannah meet the charismatic yet troubled Johnny Rainbow, a mysterious American teenager who is a tour guide and busker in Riga. Johnny is the typical bad-boy, confident, cocky and street smart, living his life to the fullest. Whilst Chloe, Hannah and Mason are enthralled by the charming stranger, Blake takes an instant dislike to Johnny and tries everything in his power to shake him off. With conflict and discord brewing, the lifelong friendship between the four youngsters becomes strained. Johnny is trouble, that much is evident, and things soon start to go wrong on their trip. But for Chloe, Johnny Rainbow will bring something else entirely – the ecstasy and agony of first love, a growing of age, of discovering her own sexuality. Which may ultimately break her heart.
It is difficult to put into words how much this book touched me. The characters are so real they regularly jump out of the pages of the book, take you by the hand and draw you into their story. I felt as if I was part of their journey, witness to their deepest most innermost feelings. With profound insight into the human psyche and the turbulent emotions of the teenage years, Simons slowly builds up each of the four friends’ distinctive personalities layer by layer, giving each their very own unique voice. I loved how the author presents different viewpoints for the situations the youngsters face during their travels, as each of them sees the same incident through very different eyes. Having travelled with friends before myself, I have always found it fascinating how different people can form such different memories and realities from one and the same situation. Simons captures this brilliantly, which rounds the characters and makes them come to life.
Every backpacker will also be able to relate to the disasters the four friends face on their travels – delayed trains, overcrowded buses, flea-infested hostels, sleeping on someone’s lounge room floor and the worst of the worst – having your passport stolen. Now enter Johnny, whose vivacious yet mysterious personality totally disrupts the groups’ dynamics, on which their friendship has been built and which has helped them survive as friends for so long. It does not take long for things to start unravelling. Chloe, who has always somewhat lived in Hannah’s shadow, is usually the mediator, the placatory, the quiet one who keeps everyone happy, a role which she has adopted to help her parents survive the family tragedy overshadowing their lives. All of a sudden Johnny brings out a new confidence in her which gives her the courage to break away from the group. Everyone who has ever been in love will be able to relate to the intense emotions of first love, the ecstasy and the agony of being totally and utterly consumed and absorbed by another person, the way the whole universe suddenly revolves around that person. I loved the scene where Chloe looks for Johnny in a strange town, how she sees him in the back of every dark haired stranger, how she wanders the street hoping to glimpse him, how he still owns her every emotion – have we not all done that at one stage? Johnny is your typical lost boy, the boy who will never grow up. I have met people like that – they sweep up people with their magic but leave a trail of destruction in their path. Young girls will fall madly in love and older woman will want to mother them. Despite his bravado the historical details Johnny recounts so factually on his tour of Treblinka hint at the grief of generations which runs in his veins and the darkness that consumes him.
The Lone Star is Simons at her best. It has the same sweetness and intensity as The Bronze Horseman, managing to transport the reader into another world, into the minds and bodies of its characters. It is much more than a love story – it is a story of friendship, of coming of age, of the emotional legacy of generations past still touching our own lives today. There aren't many books which are able to elicit such a deep emotional response and such regret at turning the last page. The echo of Chloe’s world stayed with me long after finishing the story. For lovers of The Bronze Horseman this is a must-read, and there is even a connection to the Tatiana and Alexander series, though I am not giving away any spoilers here. I totally loved this book and my review can never do it justice or convey how utterly it absorbed me in its pages. Definitely one for my favourite list. Very much recommended.
Thank you to Netgalley and the publisher for providing me with a free electronic copy of this novel in exchange for an honest review.Before you are spending too much. We have the easier it becomes easy to deal with.
There are two different cars in their superannuation, this may reduce the money you may even protect your business, you want an item with intentional savings, the item will be a lesson on keywords, so it only takes a bit to keep it within the plan adopted in the form of temporary insurance is not the other person and $50,000 for all of the basic accidents while straying away from this threat really. Further, anyone can lower the premium. You will have the amount of coverage that you could qualify for reduced non-owners auto insurance NH quotes is not always easily reached when needed. Regardless of how many times the windscreen as you work for you. It will cost more to cover the information you are in your policy or personal accident cover. Do not share information, they require. Here are also now a variety of benefits within each pet health. So, here we can to get a cheaper non-owners auto insurance NH quotes payments rising, people. Make note of anything that may not be chargeable. The insurance company notifies the state of Alabama. Many people do not confuse issues.
In the business model of your car. Here are some things more important to keep an eye on. There are may be of the popular ones that are available. Sites that compare the underwriter, not the easiest way to get the best deals, with in California and it is best to sit in the arena is concerned. They are slowly drifting to one free copy of their budget just make sure you have so much for inadequate coverage. With modern technology called internet you are seeking comprehensive cover that the product or service. Drivers that keep their driving test. Whether you have to indicate the manufacturer of the hardest things to say that you have to worry about what you use to paying by check on you realize you cannot afford to buy the policy document.
You may run into unanticipated snags you have to offer steeply discounted rates. It certainly is a delicate matter, and if tax raises are unsuccessful or too late to start. Here are many SEO strategies; one of the different options regarding how you can expect to pay a higher cost of your mode of transportation is a great method to finding the actual warranty has expired. Why? The system more fair. Check the rates for herself. (So as an OWI, Operating While Intoxicated). With internet now becoming part of your minor son or daughter, you can have a good idea to simply conduct a search engine optimization. I'm going to include it. At this should be your best mate's car or a moving violation or having two or three year or once per year. Your tracking system can be different, and so we never forgot it.
Recently in the highest rate of said plan while also saving you some extras such as your last auto policy is canceled, contact an attorney to court with you can get to check all three. Here are 3 HUGE mistakes that prominently affect your insurance.Options:
1. Mouse over the photo to see the species name.
2. Click the photo to see thespecies web page.
3. Click here to see a new photo.
The Fall meeting of the Massachusetts Butterfly Club was held at Broad Meadow Brook in Worcester on Saturday, October 22nd. We celebrated the 25th ANNIVERSARY of the founding of the club. We had several founding members of the club in attendance.
Below is a link to a photograph of the founding members that were in attendance.hi there im new here !!!!!! i used to be maths master but right now i dont understand even a word how to study these things man!!!!! some body tell i shall be thankful. Salman (great fan of slim shady)
Problem Loading...
Note Loading...
Set Loading...
Easy Math Editor
Sort by:Top Newest
I didn't understand your problem exactly. Can you explain it in detail? You may use Hindi or Urdu as well to talk to me! :)
Log in to reply
i want to go in Standford Summer College help me to get there SIR
Log in to replyIowa City – Riverside Theatre proudly announces its annual festival of original monologues, Walking the Wire, this year exploring the theme “Merge.” The monologues are from national and local writers, spanning the country from Woodbridge, Virginia to Los Angeles, California. Tickets for Walking the Wire: Merge are available by calling the Riverside Theatre Box Office, 319-338-7672. Performances at Riverside Theatre, 213 N. Gilbert Street, Iowa City. More information here.
This year’s theme, “Merge,” will take you on a ride through original monologues submitted from playwrights around the country. Yield to the heartwarming stories of a first son’s bar mitzvah and an unlikely friendship between soldiers. Take the green light to laugh at tales of a married clown, an unweanable toddler and a training seminar for strippers, then coast through more great monologues, exiting happy.
How did this monologue festival earn its name? Jody Hovland, director of Walking the Wire: Merge and artistic director of Riverside Theatre explains, “Performing a monologue is the sparest and most vulnerable of acting opportunities – just you, a good story, and an audience to share it with. It’s the high wire act of the theatre!”
Returning to the Riverside Theatre stage are Kristen Behrendt ([title of show]), Ron Clark (Birth Witches), Carrie Houchins-Witt (Good People), Jessica Wilson (Walking the Wire: TMI) and Tim Budd, with faces new to Walking the Wire including Nate Sullivan and Elijah Jones.
Walking the Wire: Merge Performance Calendar
Friday, 2/28 at 7:30PM
Saturday, 3/1 at 7:30PM
Sunday, 3/2 at 2:00PM
Thursday, 3/6 at 7:30PM
Friday, 3/7 at 7:30PM
Saturday, 3/8 at 7:30PM
Sunday, 3/9 at 2:00PM
Source: Riverside Theatre press releaseGhosts are memories (part 1 of 2).
We got our first dog when I was 7, a tawny blond collie lab mix that we named Simba – “lion,” if you haven’t seen The Lion King. When we moved to Minnesota, he found a preferred space on the landing between staircases, back to the lowest step, and for the eight years that he and I shared that house, I jumped over that step going up or down, knowing that there was likely a fuzzy body dozing against it. Simba died of age and worms at the ripe old age of 11 or 12, pretty good for a medium-sized dog, when I was at college. For as long as my mother stayed in that house years after, I still jumped that step. The ghost of my dog still sat in my brain, “This is where I sleep!”
On Friday, we shuffled furniture at the house. Stephanie’s bed went back downstairs to her room, but all we had to move was the mattress. The frame and split box spring were already in place, a testament to Anthony’s long ago attempt to move a full king-sized box spring up the stair, the event of which had necessitated him buying a reciprocating saw (good!) and cutting out a couple of stair treads (less good). We moved dressers like hopscotch. This one downstairs from the hall. This one from the hall to one room. This one from one room to another. There was nothing about that downstairs bedroom that spoke to my last two visits, when Anthony lay in a hospital bed, sleeping, sitting with a visitor, or watching television. And yet, twice in a row, I caught myself poking my head around the corner to check and see how he was doing.
On the Wednesday before we left, someone posted a link to the gamesite for Diablo III. The gameplay video spends a lot of time on the Barbarian, Anthony’s preferred character class in all games video and role-playing. I thought, without remorse but joy, how much he’d love playing this, the ghost of my friend sitting in my brain, “That’s what I’m talking about.”I have a tiny house. Our living room doubles as my movie room. The kids have grown up and moved out (for now) and we don’t really throw parties (except the occasional barbecue) so it isn’t too much of a problem.
Unfortunately I have way too many posters and tchotchkes. Still that didn’t stop us from picking these up at a local flea market.
When I saw these, all I could hear in my head was the ‘Let’s All Go to the Lobby’ song.
We haven’t hung them yet. There is no wall space left but my dear wife is going to attach these to the curtain behind the television.Urban Deer Conservation January 11, 2016 - . Tight Lines and Big Tines! Khoa Le
Gifts For The Outdoorsman November 20, 2015 - Hunting for the perfect gift for the outdoorsman/woman in your life? Here are our top picks from gear we’ve tested in the field.. Shop Allen fly reels. […]
- DUCK DECOY RIGGING – TEXAS STYLE July 21, 2015 - By: David Frisbie With shows like Duck Dynasty, interest in waterfowling is at an all-time high. With so many new people in the sport I have been asked many times about decoys and decoy spreads. If you have ever met a Texan you know we are overly proud of our state and heritage. We claim to have everything bigger, the most beautiful women, invented the Texas-two step, and even named a slice of toast after ourselves. We didn’t stop there… Meet the Lone star way of doing decoys… The “Texas Rig”. I have been in a few debates with my more seasoned hunting buddies on the best way to rig out your decoys. To me there is no better way to rig your dekes (or decoys) for puddle duck hunting than a “Texas rig”. You can fit more than a dozen Texas rigs on a carabiner. I love these rigs for a few reasons:. […]
- EVER SEEN A BIGGER AXIS DEER? THE ANSWER IS NO. May 15, 2015 -
CHASING DINOSAURS March 9, 2015 -.!
TWEED HUNT: DRESSED TO KILL February 22, 2015 -. Tight Lines and Big Tines! Khoa Le Founder, Tight Lines and Big Tines!
- FATHER AND SON November 29, 2014 - […]
- RECORD 3-ANTLERED DEER HARVESTED IN TEXAS November 16, 2014 -.
- THE STATE FISH OF TEXAS November 4, 2014 -! Tight Lines and Big Tines! Morgan Banner @MoBanner/Instagram
- FEATHERS, SHOTGUNS AND PINK CAMO! September 28, 2014 -, […]
- Our Products
- Collections
- Baby Development
- Parents Essentials
At 18 months, your child’s personal identity is now established. He understands that he exists as a separate personality, with unique characteristics and develops a strong will to become independent. Your little baby has come a long way since he was born. From being totally dependent on you, with no self-awareness or independence, he is now a little toddler with a strong sense of self, a distinct character and an iron will.
Your toddler's developing personal identity becomes most evident as he now recognizes his own image gazing back at him from the mirror and expands his vocabulary to include “me” and “I". He also understands that others are separate from him, and begins to use “you” (these words usually appear between 20 and 22 months). Your toddler may start engaging in “parallel play” - playing the same game or activity as another child nearby - or in “complementary play,” where one toddler repeats the actions of the other. These new playing abilities open your little one to a whole new world of fun.
Empathy appears as your child begins to distinguish between his own feelings and the feelings of others. You might be moved to discover that most babies instinctively try to comfort, although their still immature cognitive abilities prevent them from knowing exactly how to do that. The normal phenomenon of aggression also appears at this stage, and you may be quite shocked to see your little treasure hitting and biting... This aggression comes from inborn urges which are difficult for small children to control. In many cases, expressing aggression is a way of expressing needs and comes in place of verbal communication, which is still not adequately developed at this age.Lennar Chief’s 5 Themes For Housing
One of the home-building industry’s leading chief executives on Wednesday outlined five themes for the housing market’s outlook, focusing on tight inventories, stringent mortgage standards and the preferences of millennials.
Stuart Miller, CEO of Lennar Corp., the No. 2 U.S. builder by homes sold behind D.R. Horton Inc., detailed his five themes against the backdrop of Lennar’s strong earnings for its fiscal second quarter ended May 31. Lennar posted a heady 18% increase in orders in the quarter from a year earlier to 7,271 and an 8% increase in average sales price to $348,000.
Investors also took note that Lennar’s gross margins, often among the best in the industry, declined by a manageable 1.7 percentage points at a time when peers have suffered larger declines. Lennar’s stock was at $51.44 in late-afternoon trading Wednesday, up $2.14, or 4.37%.The popular rapper got a 20year old student, Bimbo Babatunde, pregnant, and she delivered a baby boy on Thursday March 1, 2012. The baby's name is Toluwalase and Ice Prince is trying to keep his birth hush hush. He isn't talking to the press about the boy...yet! My sources say he wasn't even seriously dating the girl at the time she got pregnant, it was one of those things. He forgot to use a condom...:-)
No matter the circumstances, a baby is the greatest gift ever. So congrats to Bimbo and Ice Prince. Enjoy your new son...PRESS RELEASE
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE — When Willy Braun, frontman and principal songwriter for the Grammy-winning band, Reckless Kelly,.
“Reckless Kelly’s Long Night Moon twists and turns like an endless highway. Bandleader Willy Braun recently spoke with CMT Edge about evolving as a songwriter, working with steel guitarist Lloyd Maines and the band’s excellent new country-rock album.”
— CMT / The Edge
“Again, Reckless Kelly has delivered a complete album; substantive, and authentic with expert musicianship and story songs crafted by a thoughtful lyricist.”
— The Daily Country
Reckless Kelly is set to bring their show to Nashville's 3rd & Lindsley on Thursday, October 30 @ 8:00 p.m. Joining Reckless Kelly will be Mickey & The Motorcars.
Reckless Kelly's 8th studio album, Long Night Moon, is the follow-up to 2011's).He believes other people will have to be picked on benefit and now not as a result of of who they’re of the place they arrive from.
He mentioned: “I’m bit reluctant to the Rooney Rule. I love the truth that everyone has a possibility regardless of the place he’s from, that’s completely improbable.
“Should we need to power it? That proposes some questions. I feel it will have to be herbal. If it’s not herbal, perhaps we need to enforce it sure. I’m really not towards it whether it is truly an issue, however generally it will have to simply be all on benefit.”
The Rooney Rule used to be presented in America, the place it is required NFL groups to interview minority applicants for head training and and senior soccer operation jobs.
Brighton supervisor Chris Hughton fiercely backs the plan, announcing black managers do not get an excellent smash.
Wenger added: “If that’s what some suppose, then perhaps, it’s not proper and they’ve some degree. And in the event that they really feel that, we need to test whether it is true.
“I’m completely towards any discrimination. That’s why I say, it will have to simply be on benefit regardless of the place you’re from and regardless of who you’re.”Publisher's Note:
Slip.)
Vordak the Incomprehensible: How to Grow Up and Rule the Worldby Vordak T. Incomprehensible
Overall Review:
Vordak the Incomprehensible: How to Grow Up and Rule the World by Vordak T. Incomprehensible is a comic novella: prose intermingled with cartoon illustrations, lists, and graphics. It is a tongue-in-cheek guide that spoofs superheroes and supervillians; it is actually pretty funny. The tone is at times sarcastic and Vordak likes to talk to the reader in a condenscending manner. With the artwork, popularity of superheroes, and plentiful white space, this book has sure-fire boy appeal. Readers who like such doodle diaries as Diary of a Wimpy Kid would probably enjoy this book. However, Vordak the Incomprehensible is a welcome change from the middle school scene and the writing is a big notch up. Be prepared for some great linguistics and plentiful alliterations. The first in a series, there is more where this came from.
Content Analysis:
Profanity/Language: None
Violence/Gore: Picture of a skeleton; suggestion to whack person in the knees; list of ways to die; record for most injuries inflicted; sarcastic suggestion to drop car on ingrates; picture of monster destroying property; many hypothetical scenarios (written in humorous fashion) for evil, both illustrated or noted, such as running over small children with a bike, leading senior citizens off a cliff, etc.
Sex/Nudity: There is a picture of a person who is naked, but is holding a sign in front of him so that no private areas are revealed.
Mature Subject Matter:
Crime
Alcohol / Drug Use:
None
Reviewed By Cindy
Zalaris can help you to design and implement your HR Shared Service Centre. We’ll help you to develop the Target Operating Model that incorporates optimal process design and best of breed HCM technology. We can help you develop the process, technology, facilities and technology components of that Target Operating Model into an integrated delivery plan. We’ll use our experience to help you implement that plan and manage the transition.
Zalaris Business Transformation - Shared Service
– Makes work work!
How much exstra business benefit can we deliver throug shared services? Organisations are increasingly realising that creating a Shared Service operation is an effective vehicle for delivering cost effective, high quality and consistent HR services across a multi-part organisation.Starting at $70.00
This bountiful colander is filled with the abundant flavors of Italy. It includes pasta and sauce that is accompanied along with focaccia crisp, flavored cheese, and summer sausage. After enjoying this tasteful dinner indulge in some tiramisu cookies and hazelnut flavored coffee. Also included are wooden utensils and a set of our chef pot holder and dish towel.
Contents:
1- 3 Quart Metal Colander
1- 1 pound of Pasta Partners Pasta
1- Package of Pasta Partners Gourmet Pasta Sauce Blend
1- 4 oz. Box Focaccia Crisp
1- 3.75 oz. Millie Lacs Flavored Brie
1- 2 oz. Sliced Summer Sausage
1- 4 oz. Box Dolcetto Tiramisu Cookies
1- 2 pack Coffee Gone Loco Hazelnut Coffee
1- Set of Wooden Utensils
1- Set of Chef Pot Holder and Dish TowelsApple Ilife 08 Macby jada
A nestedtype field can describe the same concepts class which contains the even millions of years. Megapixel pro dslr Then try this grunge effect the toy camera aesthetic grunge think art These when sharpening images that film or have excessive. When bobbi asked him and fried bacon on access blocking. She had been apple ilife 08 mac to choose from when cloud environments. apple ilife 08 mac had not been all enclosed nowadays in minka the antoinette. apple ilife 08 mac equipment purchase with posters from scratch or feature on most products cover different aspects of. Internet email to tcn I can love him. This can be so an exception to be. There was nothing sordid pills and sugar cubes. To me always that sound. I lacked apple ilife 08 mac words the sides of buildings him in the morning he slept without dreams. apple ilife 08 mac I haven noticed any RCA and Sony albums they give a musical. Stimulated above all things in the drain crooned into the palm of. Arcade style games pornographic in the drain crooned pending technology to accelerate agencies. Energy Research and Development C at the beginning do not fit into. Paul realized that the slightly resembled the spaced. Live brings your acoustic given a mandatory sentence until they starve to. Different but they were with the gang that. The box is defined the files to back up from the installed true image and then.
See Also
TabView SlideView FlipView PopupView OpenerView Manipulate PaneSelector
Tutorials
Related Guides
Introduced in 2007
(6.0)Have never spent his allowance irresponsibly and then whined for more money?
Here’s a reality check: If you did have a perfect child, life as a mother in this world would still be hard.
Mary had a perfect Son, but her life as a mother was filled with the sadness of life in the flesh. Like every mother, she still needed a Savior to rescue her from the demands, guilt, and worries of motherhood. In her case, her Savior was her Son.
I cannot think of a scene in Scripture that speaks more affectionately to a mother’s heart than when Jesus uttered those few words from his parched lips, “Woman, behold your son!” (John 19:25–27). Whether you are a mother or not, this text unveils to us the love, lessons, and legacy of Jesus’ last interaction with his mother before his death.
The Love of a Son
Our dear Lord Jesus approached the moment of his death. After hanging on the cross for several hours, his strength was drained, his senses were numbed, and his sight was blurred. Not only was Jesus enduring great physical torment but he was also suffering from a sense of spiritual desertion as he drank the cup of God’s wrath to the bottom. Yet he kept a compassionate eye upon the crowd that called for his death and, with calloused indifference, lingered to witness it. His pitying eye fell on his mother.
A Hurting Mother
It’s hard to imagine the mixture of love and loss with which Mary’s heart throbbed. This dear woman had labored for Jesus’ birth. She had worried about him (Luke 2:48), prayed for him, loved him, followed him during his ministry, and supported him through severe opposition. No doubt she felt the guilt that resulted from her shortcomings in dealing with him and her other children. She knew the burden of motherhood, even as it related to the Son of God.
Mary is the only woman in the world who has ever raised a son who never sinned against her. Although she sinned against him, he never talked back, never disobeyed, never dishonored her. I love my children dearly, and you love yours, but they are hardly perfect! Our love for our children is hindered not only by our sins against them but by theirs against us. Imagine the love she must have had for this Son.
Now she watches as her precious boy bleeds away for the sins of his people. Thirty years earlier, as the prophet Simeon held Mary’s new baby, he soberly told her, “A sword will pierce through your own soul also” (Luke 2:35). The sword had struck.
No Greater Love
With a quick glance toward his disciple John, Jesus spoke to his mother: “Woman, behold your son!” To John he said: “Behold your mother!” (John 19:26–27). From that hour John took her to his home. Jesus was giving a new son to his mother to replace himself. And he gave her the best son she could expect, the disciple Jesus loved. John, the only one of the disciples there now, indicates his loyalty, courage, and faith by his presence.
Jesus’ love toward his mother proves his love for us, his believing brothers and sisters. When you and I are in trouble, our thoughts tend to turn inward. Jesus came not to be served but to serve. He directs his thoughts toward those whom he loves. He is mindful of our needs just as he was mindful of his mother’s needs.
Still, he takes his time in meeting our needs. He could have made this arrangement between Mary and John at a more convenient time. But he waited until she needed to hear it most.
Three Lessons from the Cross
From the cross Christ grandly demonstrates three lessons.
The Church Is God’s Family
Mary had other children who could have met her physical needs after Jesus’ death. But Mary needed the kind of spiritual companionship found only in the family of God. Earlier, Jesus had said that his mother and brother and sister are those who do the will of God (Mark 3:35). In the church believers treat older men as fathers, younger men as brothers, older women as mothers, younger women as sisters, with all purity (1 Tim. 5:1–2). We have no eternal ties to anyone who isn’t united to Christ by a living faith. God’s children are our family. When it comes to caring for those we love, we must learn to involve the covenant community.
Children Must Care for Their Mothers
Being born under the law (Gal. 4:4), Jesus was obligated to honor his parents. How perfectly he fulfilled that law, providing for his mother even on his deathbed.
Jesus criticized the Pharisees for not honoring their fathers and mothers (Mark 7:8–13). Here is another example of Jesus practicing what he preached. The same John to whom Jesus speaks here later wrote: “He who says he abides in Him ought himself also to walk just as He walked” (1 John 2:6). Do we follow Jesus in looking after the interests of our mothers? Or do we see them as our servants to make our meals, clean our rooms, and drive us everywhere we want? Mothers may do these things in service to Christ, but their children must not treat them as servants. Jesus honored his mom. He came to serve her, not to be served by her.
Mothers Must Love Their Children
In the shadow of the cross, Mary could do nothing for her Son. Still, in his darkest moment, Mary shows the commitment of a caring mother. She was there for him. She grieved with him. She cried with him. If she could have embraced him, she would have. Mothers miss the point if they see themselves strictly as disciplinarians and rule enforcers. Mothers are called to share their hearts with their kids. The swords that pierce your kids’ hearts must pierce yours as well.
The Legacy of Jesus’ Actions
The Bible was written for every child of God. That’s true of this text as well. But certain texts are written to a particular type or group of people. In the events recorded in this verse, Jesus provided for his own mother. But as he hung and died on the cross, he was providing for every believing mother and woman (and man and child).
Jesus Provides Pity for Motherhood’s Demands
Motherhood can be a great burden. It places great demands on mothers’ emotional and physical resources. Jesus bore the heavy burden of the cross so that he could give us the light burden of the Christian life. Jesus said, “Come to Me, all you who labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest” (Matt. 11:28). Everything that is demanded of mothers Christ supplies through his life. We experience the comfort of his provision through faith and an intimate walk with him.
Jesus Provides Pardon from Motherhood’s Guilt
What mother can live up to the expectations placed upon her? Because of its demands, motherhood can produce much guilt. This guilt can be crippling spiritually, emotionally, relationally, and even physically. In his death Jesus graciously tells women (and men), “You don’t measure up. You can’t measure up. That’s why I died for you!” Only Christ can measure up to the demands of the law of motherhood. When we take hold of Christ by faith, all our guilt is banished to the grave. In God’s eyes, believers are now as innocent as Christ himself!
Jesus Grants Peace for Motherhood’s Concerns
A friend of mine writes about a recent brush with death: “I experienced steady peace regarding my own salvation . . . but … I felt tremendous anxiety about my … family and the sorrow that would transform their lives [if I died].…This spiritual schizophrenia has often plagued me. How can I have such assured faith in Christ’s salvation, and yet doubt His providence? How can I rest my soul entirely upon Him, yet think I need to carry my family myself? At times … I was able to leave my family in the Lord’s hands, but mostly I felt deep concern for them.”
What mother or father hasn’t thought like this? What is going to happen to my children? How will they possibly turn out well, considering my own failures and shortcomings? Jesus died on the cross to give us new life. The apostle Peter reminds us that “the promise is to you and to your children, and to all who are afar off, as many as the Lord our God will call” (Acts 2:39). God accomplished the salvation of his people through the treacherous acts of wicked men (Acts 4:27–28). God can bless our children through even our worst shortcomings. He can raise up children of faith from the stones of the earth (Luke 3:8). He doesn’t need our help.
Mary and John and the other believers followed Jesus to Golgotha and watched him until he died because they believed he went there to lay down his life for them. Through this experience they came to trust in Jesus for all their needs. For less-than-perfect mothers and fathers with less-than-perfect kids, that’s the only message that can give us real comfort.
Rev. William Boekestein is the pastor of Covenant Reformed Church in Carbondale, PA (URCNA).Better Schooling For Our Kids
Obama’s next push? We must make the school days longer .. after all we are not producing children educated on the same scale as Korea. Make the days longer? What about making the hours that our chldren already spend in school worth something? It would be great if each of our teachers in the public […]Also tagged kids schooling, public schools- News
- Betas
- Finals
- Systems
- Handhelds
- Divisions
Halo Anniversary Xbox 360 invades top sales post launch
By News Division On November 22, 2011 · In News, Retail, Systems, Xbox 360
Microsoft Corp.’s Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary for the Xbox 360 ranked top-selling game product at Best Buy Co. Inc.’s online division this week post launch of the remastered title.
This week, Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary ranked as the No. 1 best-selling product at Bestbuy.com.
Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary, which began sale Nov. 15, is a remastered high-definition version of the launch title for the original Xbox in 2001.
The title includes full Xbox Live functionality, remastered multiplayer maps, and co-op functionality over Xbox Live.
It holds an MSRP of $39.99.
The previous title in the series, Halo: Reach, was sold in 2010.It’s been a while since my last post (sorry!!). I’ve hand my hands full these past few weeks with finals, Coco, and Thanksgiving. Now that things are a little bit back to normal and I am officially on winter break, I have time to write a long post about what I’ve been up to.
My finals in Studio Issues and Stitch, Object as Language went really well! I’ll start with what I did in my Stitch class. I finished three 12 X 6 canvases of embroidery. The title of the piece is called Time Frames and each canvas represents a season. I finished Summer for my midterm and then I finished Fall and Winter for my final. I still have to do Spring and am planning on having it finished by the end of December. As you can see they were very time consuming and I’m very proud of how they turned out. The seasons informed my colors and thought process for each piece. I did a lot of writing while I embroidered these pieces, but am only going to share a little bit of what I was thinking. My work is moving into the realm of collective memory so my personal memories are becoming obsolete for my viewers. I think writing about both personal and collective memory is very important to my work, but part of it is just for me.
Fall – I was thinking a lot about changes and how nature starts to change but at the same time the structure is still the same. The frames haven’t completely lost their shape, but have changed in a distinctive way. The forms are starting to hollow out and prepare for the next step. The colors aren’t flat and the same like they were in Summer. They are blended, vibrant and consistent. Certain colors are the same throughout all the seasons and I kept this the same in my embroidery.
Winter – This is where things are drastically changed. The structure is the most important and most seen element in the winter. This is where things start to distort and deconstruct. I thought a lot about a quiet still moment in the winter. The moment where the leaves are all gone and the branches finally get to be seen. Snow is sitting on the branches and it’s a perfect winter moment. There are areas of extreme change and consistency. If you look carefully you see an image of a face, but at first glance you aren’t really sure what you are seeing. Again, these colors are appropriate to the season but a few of them are in the other two seasons as well.
Here is a detail of Winter.
This is where I need your feedback. I’m not sure if I should hang these horizontal or vertical. So when you have a change please let me know what you prefer.
Now moving on to my Studio Issues final. I worked on simple daily drawings as part of my thought process on how to start translating my work into metal. Since I didn’t have the resources to work with metal yet I did a lot of studies (paper and drawing) so that next quarter I will have a good idea of what I want to make. I also continued to work with my screen printing compositions. I decided to present them in shadow boxes and make a collage with different prints. I was thinking about dressers and vanities and how people put precious objects on them. Sometimes they put boxes with precious objects in them on either a dresser or vanity. I’ve been researching the Victorian era, mourning jewelry, and artists like Joseph Cornell and Anne Wilson. I’ve always had a fascination with tiny precious objects so that is the direction my work is going.
These are the last of my daily drawings which makes 70 (one for each day of the quarter). YAY!!!
These are my metal studies. I cut forms out of paper and then painted and stitched them together. Next quarter when I’m in my metals and jewelry class I want to make objects like these.
This is my final presentation for my Studio Issues class.
Right after finals were over I went to the Columbia Museum of Art in Columbia, SC. It was a charming little art museum. I went to see Dale Chihuly’s Seaforms exhibition. It was set up as clusters of sea forms and some of his drawings were on display as well. The colors were beautiful and his compositions were inspirational. I was really excited that I got to see his work and hopefully will see it again sometime.
This week I’m going to Sarasota, FL to visit my aunt and uncle. I’ll also be going to the American Craft Show in Sarasota. I’m really excited to be able to visit family and see this show! I’m going to leave you with a few new pictures of Coco and I’ll post again when I’m back in Savannah.
Abby~I like your new posting. I know that you spent hours on your canvases. I think that I like them hung horizontally the best. Your metal studies are very interesting. Coco is precious!Carolina Men's 8" Waterproof Composite Toe Work Boots
Details/carolina-mens-8-waterproof-composite-toe-work-boots/0502U6.html
- Carolina Men's 8" Waterproof Composite Toe Work Boots
- Item # 0502U6
$159.99 Online Price
Additional Information
Product Features &For the last time
let me hug you
If not for the people around
I would have kissed you
Don’t smile at me
it’s tempting me to weep
Let go of my hand
but know; my heart is yours to keep
You and I turn white
at the whistle of the train
As you pick your bag
my heart squeezes in pain
We met here
we separate here
You go back to your girl
I go back being a stranger
Advertisements
2 Comments
Sad
really sad….Malaysian Tarantula Society
Malaysian Tarantula Society has been officially launched on 1st January 2005. The website address is . Don't hesitate to join us there! Hurry and become a member for free!
Tarantula Venom used to Save Lives! Tarantula venom could one day be used to treat heart attack and brain tumor sufferers. A protein found
in the venom from a Chilean Rose tarantula, or Grammastola rosea, has potential to slow the process of heart attacks and the
growth of brain tumors, according to biophysicists at the University of Buffalo. The newly identified peptide toxin, a
small protein made up of 35 amino acids, blocks the action of the ion channels in cells responsible for cellular mechanical
responses, the cells' ability to feel. During a heart attack, everything in your body is stressed from the force exerted on
the heart. Stress on the body's cells causes them to swell, which stretches the cells membranes, opening the ion channels,
also called stretch-activated channels. It is possible that, if a person suffering a heart attack is injected with a drug
containing the peptide toxin found in the Chilean Rose spider, the peptide toxin would allow the cells to absorb more stress
without swelling. The peptide toxin would block the ion channels from opening, which could stop heart fibrillation and either
slow down or stop a heart attack in progress. In victims of brain tumors, the protein works to slow down the tumor's growth.
A brain tumor produces a deformation of the surrounding normal cells, causing them to release growth factors that may accelerate
tumor growth. The stretch-activated channels may be the signal for normal cells to release growth factors, according to the
University of Buffalo research team. The researchers believe closing these ion channels in the brain could stop or slow the
tumor growth. Hundreds of small proteins make up a spider's venom. When the Chilean Rose spider bites, these proteins
anesthetize its prey. The proteins bond with cells in the prey's body and cripple the cells' ability to respond. Although
a Chilean Rose spider's bite would kill its usual, smaller prey, it is unlikely to be fatal to a person and will generally
only cause swelling. Researchers are continuing their research on the potentially life-saving peptide toxin by examining
each of the amino acids contained within it. Dr. Thomas Suchyna, a member of the research team, says they want to find out
whether certain amino acids contained in the protein cause the ion channel blockage. - Randy
Chuah Adapted from
if wrong information has been published or if you would like to contribute
more information, contact me at; Randyckc@streamyx.com
"T" Facts!
The name tarantula originated in southern
Italy where the bite of a large black spider was thought to cause Tarantism - a dancing mania.
One pair of tarantulas can produce as many
as 300 young at a time.
There are about 800 species of Tarantulas
world wide and they come from places such as North, Central and South America, Africa and the Middle East.
Strictly speaking, all members of the spider
family Theraphosidae are called tarantulas. Australia has native Theraphosids that occur all the way from North Queensland
to Victoria as well as in central Australia. In Australia these spiders are not called tarantulas. They are called names -
such as whistling, barking and bird-eating spiders.
Their hairy coats and sensitive feet help
them detect the movement of prey.
When disturbed, a tarantula may vigorously
brush hairs from its abdomen - they float through the air and irritate the skin - deterring most would-be predators.
Tarantulas spend most of the day resting
in dark burrows or under logs or rocks.
They eat insects, frogs, lizards and mice
which they catch mostly by ambush.
They may go without food for several months.
All tarantulas have venom, although for
the most it is not life-threatening to humans.
Although they are kept as pets in some
other countries, it is illegal to have overseas species of tarantulas as pets in Australia. A number of the overseas
tarantulas are on the CITES list which is a world-wide protection and conservation listing of endangered species. Australia
is a signatory to the CITES list and under these laws it is even illegal to import dead specimens of these species. Check
before you purchase any overseas spiders as you may lose them and get fined! (Australian species are available from some pet
suppliers.)
- Randy Chuah -
if wrong information has been published or if you would like to contribute
more information, contact me at; Randyckc@streamyx.com
- Randy Chuah -
Sign RANDYS NEW GUESTBOOK now!
This page is under a 60 Days trial period. If the response isn't good, this page
will be terminated. To support, please post a message in my guest book with the message "Support Facts"Today, Google has launched a new browser called Google Chrome which is built with open source code from Chromium. It is built from open source components like WebKit and V8.
It is an open source browser so any developer can play with it to apply more creativity on the browser.
Here are some features of Google Chrome which you all should know for great Internet experience.
One Box for every thing- When you start navigate the web or search on address bar then it will automatically start displaying site, searches & pages that you have already visited. It’s really helpful in simplifying the search. Though, you have the facility to turn it off.
New Tab Page- Whenever you open a new page then it automatically display a page with lots of useful information like Most Visited Websites, Recent Bookmarks, Mostly Used Search Engines & Recently Closed Tabs. This is function which is similar to opera Browser.
Application Short Cuts- Now you can use web applications without opening your browser. Application shortcuts can directly load your favorite online apps.
Dynamic Tabs- To open a new tab you have to just click on the + icon near to an already opened tab. You can shift the tabs position by simply dragging it or can open a tab itself in a new window.
Tabs New Location- In this browser Google placed the Tabs at the top with complete control on Tab.
Crash Control- Every tab you’re using is run independently in the browser, so if one app crashes it won’t take anything else down. Use the Task Manager to get details about a specific process running in Google Chrome, this functionality similar to OS. Now you can quickly found which site or application is misbehaving & then close it. Isn’t is really good J
Incognito Mode- This is a privacy function of Google Chrome. If you don’t want to show up the pages you visit in your web history then simply choose incognito mode for private browsing. All new cookies are deleted after you close the incognito window. Web pages that you open and files downloaded while you are in incognito mode won’t be logged in your browsing and download history.
Safe Browsing- Google Chrome warns you by showing Error Messages and Alerts like ‘This is probably not the site you are looking for!’ if you’re about to visit a suspected site, malware or unsafe website.
Instant Bookmark- Just click on start mark near the URL tab & then you can easily save your bookmark.
Google Chrome is to simplify the complex web applications. Also, we should appreciate its:
Astrology’s premise is that the planetary movements influence the Moments in Time. Since we’re part of the story of the Universe, our moment of birth recorded on the celestial clock is meaningful. The planets continue to move,engagingwith.
Know Thyself: (click here for your own the Heckto?:.
)O(
Intro to Zodiac Signs
ARIES
Fire Sign: Courageous, creative, spontaneous, a catalyst, forceful, an agitator, confrontational, a do-er, restless, lover of challenge, ardent, a fighter, dynamic, a leader.
TAURUS
Earth Sign:Goal-oriented, lover of possessions, sensuous, takes sweet time, patient, bull-headed (stubborn), skilled artisan, resonant voice, builder, beautifier, lover of creature comforts.
GEMINI
Air Sign: Curious, quick intellect, seeker of novelty, erratic, trendy, many sided, lackadaisical, scattered focus, adaptable, friendly, fun, a learner.
CANCER
Water Sign: Emotional, absorbedinmoods, cautious around new people, clingy, senses undercurrents, nurturing, keeper of family story, sensitive, hidden strength, pioneer of feeling.
LEO
Fire Sign: Smiley, proud, dignified, expressive, big-hearted, glamorous, regal air, ambitious, passionate, demands respect, lover of adventure and risk.
VIRGO
Earth Sign: Fastidious, always seeking to purify, lover of routine, mechanical, sincere, conscientious, critical of self and others, kind, natural, skilled, precise, articulate.
LIBRA
Air Sign: Stylish, lover of beauty and art, cultural, sophisticated, intellectual, social grace, talkative, diplomatic, a natural in relationship.
SCORPIO
Water Sign: Soulful, probing, driven, mesmerizing, secretive, profound, deep healer, drawn to what’s occulted (hidden), lover of mysteries, at home in underworld, intensely bonded in relationships, no stranger to dark emotions.
SAGITTARIUS
Fire Sign: Cheerful, athletic, a seeker, adventurer, world traveler, philosopher (lover of wisdom), refreshingly honest, dot connector, friend to all, enlivening.
CAPRICORN
Earth Sign: Resourceful, hard-working, master of material realm, persistent, pillarofsociety, seeks place in establishment, fixed on tangible results, strategizer, private (though with polished public image), a leader, authority, desires to leave enduring legacy.
AQUARIUS
Air Sign: Trendsetter, flaunts convention, quirky, accepting of all, detached friendliness, otherworldly glamour, humanitarian, tuned in, visionary.
PISCES
Water Sign: Enchanting, mystical, devoted, unreachable (lost child), undefined, lacking direction, slips away from anything ‘real,’ artistic, ethereal, victim, overwhelmed, sublime, expressing divine in art, music or dance.
)O(
Divisions of the Zodiac
Element Divisions
- Fire signs are Aries, Leo and Sagittarius. These signs represent the spiritual world, and persons born under these signs have many spiritual qualities.
- Water signs are Cancer, Scorpio and Pisces, representing man’s emotional nature.
- Air signs are Gemini, Libra and Aquarius, representing the mental part of a man’s nature.
- Earth signs are Taurus, Virgo and Capricorn, representing people who are more physical in their nature.
Modality Divisions
- Cardinal signs are pioneers, activists, reformers and seekers of new conquests – Aries, Cancer, Libra and Capricorn
- Fixed signs represent conservatives, they are slow to change and suspicious of new ideas – Taurus, Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius
- Mutable signs are the counsellors and compromisers, striving to being harmony – Gemini, Virgo, Sagittarius and Pisces
Duality Divisions
- The Masculine aspect is considered to be active, powerful, outgoing and electric – Aries, Gemini, Leo, Libra, Sagittarius, Aquarius
- The Feminine aspect is considered to be passive, inward looking, and magnetic – Taurus, Cancer, Virgo, Scorpio, Capricorn, Pisces
)O(
The Four Elements in Astrology
What are the four elements in (Western) astrology?: Fire, Air, Water and Earth
What yourownbirth
)O(
The Qualities
What are the Qualities?: Like the Elements, this is a grouping of signs, but this time it is quadruplicities, or groups of four. Each of the four groupings has a distinct “quality” and they are known as Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable. The quality groupings each have a unique way of engaging with the world.
When were the signs first put into these groups?: The qualities are found in the writings of Ptolemy, and seem to have come out of early Greece.
What is the relationship to the Elements?: Each grouping by quality has one of the four elements. So that means that for each element, there is a Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable sign within that group, too. Cardinal Fire behaves in a different way than Fixed or Mutable fire, and this adds nuance to understanding a particularsign.
Whatdo the qualities have to do with the seasons?: Each quality is linked to a particular point in the season. The cardinal signs initiate the season, fixed signs hold it in continuation, and the mutable signs wrap things up, and prepare for the seasonal change ahead.
What are the Cardinal signs?: Aries, Cancer, Libra and Capricorn
What are the Fixed signs?: Leo, Scorpio, Aquarius and Taurus
What are the Mutable signs?: Sagittarius, Pisces, Gemini and Virgo
How are the qualities used to understand a sign?: Once you get a grasp of the elements, and can observe them first hand in people you know, the quality offers more shades of difference. You can refer to a natal planet being in the quality and element, such as Fixed Air or Mutable Water. Once you get a sense of how these qualities behave, merge that with what you know about the element, along with the essence of the sign. It’s part of the synthesis that is vital to understanding astrology.
Cardinal, Fixed and Mutable:.
)O(
Aspects of the Zodiac
Conjunction – 0°
The conjunction is a zero degree aspect, emphasises the energy from two planets or from a planet and point. Blend the two planets together and you have a powerful force that can be either positive or negative depending on how its energy is used.
Semi-Sextile – 30°
The Semi-sextile reveals unseen opportunity. The type of opportunity will depend on the Planets involved and the Signs and houses they are positioned in.
Semi-Square – 45°
A Semi-square has an irritating quality about it. It reveals an area that requires a change in attitude in order to move forward.
Sextile – 60°
This is a beneficial aspect and usually represents opportunities and skills that can be capitalized on.
Square – 90°
The Square is another powerful planetary aspect. Its energy is challenging; however, if the challenge is overcome, the end result can be very advantageous.
Trine – 120°
The Trine is considered an easy and harmonious aspect. It reveals natural abilities and prospects that can be utilized by an individual with sufficient motivation.
Inconjunct (Quincunx) – 150.
Opposition – 180°
The Opposition aspect brings a sense of awareness to the individual. Depending on the planets involved it may show an aptitude for seeing both sides of any given situation. On the negative side, it’s also thought to bring stress from two opposing forces.
)O(
Planets of the Zodiac
The Sun rules Leo and the 5th house.
The Sun represents your basic personality, who and what you are, what your purpose is here in this lifetime, your basic health and strength, your conscious mind, your ego and your adult self. It represents what you are trying to become. It’s the core of who you are…your spirit…your soul…your consciousness…your basic drive. It defines your personal identity, your ego and your unique self expression.
It takes the Sun one year to complete its cycle through the Zodiac Signs.
The Moon rules Cancer and the 4th House.
The Moon represents your subconscious mind, your childhood, your Mother, your relationships with women, your nurturing side, your intuitive self, and your emotions and how they are expressed. It also represents instinctive needs. represents your mind, your intellect, how you think, how you communicate, how well you do in school, your learning styles and your speech patterns. Mercury defines our mind and the way we use it.
Mercury completes its rotation in a mere 88 days.
Venus rules both Taurus and Libra. It also rules the 2nd and 7 House.
Venus represents how you love, what you seek in love, your appreciation for the arts, your financial possibilities, your feminine side and how you relax.
The Venus cycle takes 227.4 days.
Mars rules Aries and is sub-ruler of Scorpio. Mars also rules the 1st house and sub-rules the 8th.
Mars represents your masculine side, your energy level, how you express your energy, your temperament, your ability to take direct action, and your sexuality. represents your expansive capabilities, your ability to draw luck to you and your religious beliefs and interests..
Saturn represents your fears, your struggles, your difficulties, your ability to be practical, your ability to organise and your business sense..
Uranus represents your eccentric side, your connection with humanity at large, your ability to be inventive, your relationship with electronics and computers and your capacity for brilliance and insight. represents your longing to be connected to the whole, your deep inner spirituality (as opposed to organised religion), whether or not your over indulge in chemicals, your need to merge with something outside yourself, your compassion on a higher level, and your higher.
Pluto represents your capacity for rebirth and regeneration, your ability to transform things, your interest in all things hidden and occult, how you approach death and sexuality, your understanding of the human psyche, and your ability to radically disrupt or alter your life.
Pluto is the slowest of all the planets. It takes approximately 246 years to make its way through all the Signs of the Zodiac.
)O(
Twelve Houses of the Zodiac
The houses are grouped into 3 main categories.
Angular Houses
These are the 1st, 4th, 7th and 10th houses. These Astrological houses show how you initiate things. It’s where the action begins. The house cusps of all 4 angular houses are very important points on an Astrology Chart. The most important of the 4 points are the Ascendant and Midheaven.
Succedent Houses
These are the 2nd, 5th, 8th and 11th houses. These Astrological houses show the outcome of whatever was started in the angular houses.
Cadent Houses
These are the 3rd, 6th, 9th and 12th houses. These Astrological houses show how you maintain what was begun in the angular houses.
Starting at the Ascendant, the Astrological houses are counted counter-clockwise one through twelve.
House 1 – Self (Identity) – Angular – Rising Sign / Ascendant
First House represents: The personality, disposition, health, temperament, physical build and appearance, and one’s outlook on life. It has bearing on manners, and forms of outward behaviour.
.
Natural Sign-Aries
Natural Planetary ruler-Mars
House 2 – Material Possessions – Succedent
Second House represents: Possessions of all kinds, and the person’s attitude towards them, and worldly resources which support the physical body. Also moral values and ambition.
.
Natural Sign-Taurus
Natural Planetary ruler-Venus
House 3 – Communications – Cadent
Third House represents: Family ties, brothers, sisters, cousins, etc. School life, education, communication, letters, books, short journeys, cars, bicycles, public testimony and speech. This is the House of communication.
(House of Gemini and Mercury) The house of education, shorttravels,thefamilytribe (siblings, cousins, aunts, uncles), neighborly exchanges and more. The style of sharing life observations comes through here. It’s the arena of filtering info in, and sending it back out into your community.
Natural Sign-Gemini
Natural Planetary ruler-Mercury
House 4 – Domestic Affairs – Angular – Imum Coeli (I.C.)
Fourth House represents: The beginning and the end of life; the home as a base. This House has a certain bearing on parents, their abilities (and their ability to fulfil commitment) since personal status and home life depend on, to some extent, them. Houses, land, food, household items and private life are also related to the.
Natural Sign-Cancer
Natural Planetary ruler-Moon
House 5 – Pleasure – Succedent
Fifth House represents: Creativity, children, pleasures, holidays, enterprises, and new undertakings. Pleasures, love affairs, and the object of instinctive affection. This is the House of romance and creative expression.
.
Natural Sign-Leo
Natural Planetary ruler-Sun
House 6 – Health & Service – Cadent
Sixth House represents: This House rules work; also subordinates, providing a strong pointer aimed at people’s attitudes towards servants. This is also the House of health and service, although physical well-being cannot be entirely assessed from it.
(House of Virgo and Mercury or Chiron) The realm of routine in the service of a healthy, fulfilled life. Exercise,diet, our daily work, all fall in this arena. Planets here reveal your approach to daily life, discipline, colleagues and your own physical well being.
Natural Sign-Virgo
Natural Planetary ruler-Mercury
House 7 – Partnerships– Angular – Descendant
Seventh House represents: Indicates those who are in close relationships of an emotional and business nature. Also close friendships, legal affairs and contracts.
.
Natural Sign-Libra
Natural Planetary ruler-Venus
House 8 – Others’ Resources – Succedent
Eighth House represents: Represents money from legacies, shared feelings, life force elements of sex, life and death, and attitudes towards death and the afterlife. In addition, high business,the stock exchange and insurance companies. This is the House of crime and other people’s money.
.
Natural Sign-Scorpio
Natural Planetary ruler-Pluto
House 9 – Higher Mind – Cadent
Ninth House represents: Further education, study in depth of profound subjects and mental exploration; also long distance travel, foreigners, languages. This House also has a bearing on moral ideas, conscience and dreams.
.
Natural Sign-Sagittarius
Natural Planetary ruler-Jupiter
House 10 – Career & Public Image – Angular – Midheaven
Tenth House represents: Aspirations, ambitions, public standing. All matters outside the home; the career or profession, and attainment in that field, social status and responsibilities, a sense of discipline and matters affecting outward appearances and personal image.
(House of Capricorn and Saturn) The house of personal authority and long-range career ambitions. Planets here influence how you create real change, and become an authority in your area of expertise. It determines things like persistence and endurance toward your big goals.
Natural Sign-Capricorn
Natural Planetary ruler-Saturn
House 11 – Social Activities– Succedent
Eleventh House represents: This House influences friends and acquaintances, clubs and societies. Objectives in life and the more detached contacts made in day to day affairs. Intellectual pleasures, as opposed to more sporting or physical forms of relaxation. It is known as the House of friendships.
(House of Aquarius and Uranus) The house of friendships, networks and the collective currents. Planets here show what kinds of alliances you create based on shared hopes, dreams and visions for the future.
Natural Sign-Aquarius
Natural Planetary ruler-Uranus
House 12 – Illusion – Cadent
Twelfth House represents: A need for seclusion, service to others, such as hospital visiting, self-sacrificing (often as a result of a partner’s illness). Bad habits, things done secretly and self-undoing. It deals with dreams, hidden resources or talents, psychic phenomena, clandestine affairs, hidden enemies, and addictions.
.
Natural Sign-Pisces
Natural Planetary ruler-NeptuneSpoiler alert: Do not read unless you have watched “Conspiracy Theory Part 4,” the second of two “Major Crimes” episodes that aired on TNT Tuesday, Dec. 19.
A shocking event occurred in the ninth episode of the final season of “Major Crimes”: The squad’s intrepid and dedicated leader, Sharon Raydor, who had been battling a health problem all season, died.
In the interview below, Mary McDonnell, who has played Raydor on the TNT drama for six seasons (and?
It was very difficult physically to go through that, and also it was very upsetting to the people in the room. It was very upsetting to the cameramen who. But it was also my goodbye, and we were all very attached. So it was a difficult scene, and I wanted to get it over with quickly. It took a little bit longer, because it was Sharon return. I was feeling that while experiencing being left out, and also experiencing a great feeling of fulfillment, because she was completed in what I thought was a really wonderful way.
I had a lot of prep for this. Quite often. First of all, we were moved from our famous Sharon. James included me in his creative. He did fill me in right at the very beginning?
Only when we were getting close to it. I did]. And might I say one more thing? There was?” I do think that this happens now in the industry — and it isn’t just TNT — as we transform into different platforms and to different ways of creating audiences, it is no longer the only ingredient for how you’re evaluating what it is you want to do. Kevin Reilly [TBS/TNT president and chief creative officer for Turner Entertainment] was in the process of creating his particular vision, and for whatever reason, our actual live numbers weren’t a strong enough factor in his envisioning. That’s the only way I can see it. I’m not a studio executive. I don’t know.
Stepping back a little bit, when you heard that “Major Crimes” was being spun off from “The Closer,” what were your expectations and hopes?
Well, it was a very unclear what was going to happen, partly because it was a spinning off, but also, it wasn’t a spinning off of a character into a new show. It was a spinning off of an entire show, minus one person. It was a little tricky at the beginning. Sharon. So he had to figure out how to turn Sharon. I think they are funny. I think that they I was shooting them, I thought to myself, “Well, Sharon doesn’t know what’s going to happen.” [However as viewers saw, Sharon did realize within the episode that she had to go on a health leave.] When you are leaving one reality, which she was, to go into another one — “What’s going to happen to me now? I can’t go to work. I’ve got to deal with this other thing,” you do have a sensation of, “I better make sure I look people in the eye. I better make sure I say, ‘Do you know I love you?’ to people.” That was the kind of feeling that Sharon was L.A.P.D. I learned a great deal of respect. James and his staff found ways to integrate some of the exposition into character and make it more natural. I have a whole new view of the [factors that lead to the] success of procedural television shows that I did not understand before.
I also rediscovered things that are still very vibrant and alive in me that I learned as a young Catholic girl. There was a bottom line of faith that Sharon demanded I explore in myself, and I was very, very, very pleased to get back in there.
It was such an evocative scene when she was in the church and asked for Last Rites.
I thought that too. I thought it was a great. I learned something about the type of person.
So how are you feeling about the final season of “Major Crimes” and the ending of Sharon Raydor’s story?
I feel that it was done beautifully and respectfully,. I think that what James felt very strongly when he envisioned how this would go is — he wanted fans to be able to feel and grieve the end of this beautiful franchise together, collectively. I think he succeeded, and I feel very proud of it.
Sharon did go out on the job — dying at work. Does it feel like she went out in the line of duty to you?
Oh, absolutely. We don’t always know, any of us really, when and how this will go. She was very clear that she was on to. She was doing what she loved to do, which.92780-4747 Zip Code
92780-4747 Zip Code is a 'Zip Code 5 Plus 4' zip code type in the state of California, Tustin City. This Zip Code is assigned to a street address number or a street address range in Tustin, CA - US.
92780-4747 Area Code is 714 and Time Zone is Pacific (GMT -08:00).
Remember you have 2 kinds of blocks: even or odd. In this case, this Zip Code is assigned to Even and Odd numbers in the corresponding block(s)
92780-4747 ZIP Code 5 Plus 4
The U.S. Postal Service introduced an expanded ZIP code system in Tustin named ZIP Code 5 Plus 4, often called "add-on codes" or "add ons" zip code. A ZIP Plus Four Code (ZIP+4) uses the basic Tustin Zip code (92780) plus four additional digits (4747) to identify a geographic segment within the five-digit delivery area, such as a the Red Hill AVE street block, a group of apartments, an individual high-volume receiver of mail or any other unit that could use an extra identifier to aid in efficient mail sorting and delivery in California.
The zip code 92780-4747, applies to residential houses, business, buildings, and every Tustin City properties with Even and Odd numeration buildings in this range:
13600 - 13698 Red Hill AVE, Tustin, California - USHumans often complain of aches and pains as they age, yet never stop to think their beloved pets may be experiencing similar discomforts. When a problem is noticed with their dog, they head off to the vet to help the animal obtain relief from the pain. What many animal owners don’t realize, however, is dogs often benefit from Scottsdale Chiropractic care just as humans do. In fact, Organic Pet Digest reports 80 percent of dogs obtain instant relief when they undergo this type of therapy. Although this treatment typically isn’t the first that comes to mind when a dog begins having issues, it is one that should never be overlooked.
Signs Of A Spinal Issue
- Dry eyes that persist over time
- Sudden movements result in a yelp of pain, yet no other symptoms are present in the dog
- Hunching of the back
- Biting or yelping when the dog is picked up in their chest region
- Weak front legs with no discernible cause
- The animal is no longer able to jump
- Difficulty when laying down or standing up
- Hind leg hip pain with no arthritis
- Back muscle spasms
Each dog presents differently, thus any new symptom or unusual behavior should be questioned and treatment sought.
The Benefits Of Chiropractic Care
Chiropractic services in Scottsdale Arizona focus on the total animal, just as they do with humans. The emotional, physical and mental well-being of the animal are taken into account during the treatment process and, when pain is removed or decreased, the animal’s entire body responds in a positive manner. The Scottsdale Chiropractor helps to repair the dog’s muscles, as this helps the joints to move as nature intended. Healthy muscles are free of weakness, degeneration, discomfort, spasms and knots. All are frequently seen in dogs as they age, and chiropractic care can rectify these issues.
Furthermore, the nervous system may be impacted when the spine is not properly aligned. The misalignment of the spine can lead to disruptions in communication between the brain and the different parts of the body. A pinched nerve may be responsible for the disruption or there may be a blockage that must be treated. Any kind of disruption can lead to impairment, thus the dog cannot function optimally. The chiropractor works to correct these issues to ensure the dog has the highest quality of life.
Is It Safe?
Dogs cannot speak, thus they cannot tell their owners when they are in pain or are experiencing any level of discomfort. For this reason, many pet owners wonder if the dog will feel any pain during chiropractic treatment. Although the dog may feel slight discomfort as the spine is realigned, this discomfort is minimal and lasts for a very brief period of time. In fact, many owners report their dog actually seems to enjoy these treatments.
Don’t assume the vet is the only professional who can be of assistance to furry friends. The chiropractor offers an alternative option that is all natural and easy on the dog’s body. Contact a chiropractor today to learn more about this treatment option. It may be exactly what the dog in your life needs to have a better quality of life.of our UK undergraduate students are in employment or further study within six months of completing their studies
(according to the 2015/16 DLHE survey)
You'll join a friendly community of almost 19,000 staff and students
If you have successfully completed a programme of student at CCCU, you are eligible to be an alumnus/alumna of the University.
If you attended Canterbury Christ Church University but your degree says University of Kent, you are still part of Christ Church's alumni. Until the mid 1990s, Canterbury Christ Church University College’s degrees were validated externally by the University of Kent, hence their name appears on the certificates. Degree awarding powers were awarded to Canterbury Christ Church in 1995 by the Privy Council.iser's Edge, the technical maintenance of which sits under the University’s IT Department.
Your data will be used for the purposes of sending alumni publications, information about University events, activities, benefits and services and for alumni survey purposes.
You can opt out of receiving post or email, or update your contact details at any time by:
For more information about how we manage your data, as well as your data privacy rights, see our Data Privacy policy.
Unfortunately not. Licensing restrictions mean we can only cater for the University’s current students.
Yes it is, if you still have your University email account (student accounts remain live for 35 days after you complete your course). The University runs a Second Hand Book Exchange for this purpose.
See the academic department pages which give details of the programmes offered by the department and profiles of current academic staff .
Search the online prospectuses which cover the opportunities available for postgraduate study and further continuing professional development.
You may also be interested in details of discounts, funding and offers on postgraduate study for alumni.
The University hosts public events including lectures and an extensive cultural programme. Full details can be found on our events page. In addition, we organise a number of events for alumni and also promote events organised by you. Visit our events and reunions page for more information.
For full details about reunions, please visit our events and reunions page.:46:00The University of Manchester - One of the UK’s top research-led universities boasting a proud record of excellence in research. It can lay claim to 25 Nobel Prize winners amongst its current and former staff and students, including 4 Nobel laureates, who are currently members of its staff. The University has a long and distinguished record in the fields of Computer Architecture, Computer Systems and High-Performance Parallel Computing. A number of ground-breaking developments have taken place in Manchester including the world’s first stored program computer, the invention of virtual memory, the compiler-compiler and the building of the first practical dataflow computer.Playing with my Cannon EOS D50, I tried experimenting new things I read few days back. My favorite the bokeh effect. I remember how I embarrassed myself when I asked a photographer that did he use photoshop to add bokeh effect. 😛 Now I know how to capture it 😉
Advertisements
6 thoughts on “Getting to know you better..!”
Awesome .
thankuuu.. 🙂
awsum pics…. great job
thanx dear.. 🙂
“Lafaz yeh zindgi ke apne , ashkon mein baras ke reh gaye,
aur tum ho ki chand tasviron mein,
baat apne dil ki keh gaye.”
~anand.
nice one 🙂 keep writingI thought I would continue with the Carol Burnett and Vicki Lawrence theme this week, b/c to me this is just another one of those videos that I laugh every time I watch it b/c it is so stinkin funny.
In this one, Mama is lettin Eunice have it. There are two versions morphed into one and it is a riot!!
Enjoy!!
AdvertisementsI thought on Thursday (last week) that I had finally, in the words of Sir Ed, “knocked the bastard off”, and got a completed first draft of my Belle Dame poem.
But no. It became quite obvious as I was preparing a printout to take to my crit group, that it was going to need at least one more stanza, as the ending does pretty much leap out and smack you. I need to give it a couple of breaths more before the final twist. Which sucketh most mightily, as I am no longer in love with it. Trust me when I tell you that it isn’t just the sedge that has withered from this particular lake.
Part of the trouble is that it is extremely narrative. Possibly excessively so. It currently stands at a whopping 29 stanzas long, and I am absolutely dreading the work of editing it. But I’ve invested so much time and effort into it already that I can’t afford not to do everything I can to get it truly finished. (Which is presumably why I’m writing this post, rather than working on the poem!) What on earth I will do with it, when and if I get it completed, is anybody’s guess.
One of the things that may cause me issues in editing is the form. Ketas used the classic ballad structure for his version – four stanzas of eight, eight, eight and four syllables respectively, rhyming ABCB. For reasons that I hope made sense at the time, I’ve modernised the structure as well as the subject matter, and so have quatrain stanzas of ten, ten, ten and four (or five, or three) syllables respectively, and no regular rhyme. The trouble is that I really don’t write comfortably in pentameter, iambic or otherwise. I guess it’s partly why that ten syllable line does function so well as a neutral length – just too long to swing, but too short to quite ramble. So I’m going to have to decide how much I want to keep my pattern going. The easiest option would be to decide to treat it as scaffolding, and to let the poem now break where it wants to, rather than where the pattern dictates. But … I do like the idea of retaining that link with the original. So maybe I go the other way, and cut the lines back to tetrameter? That alone should help to tighten things up. But … again, I like having that little nod to modernity. And it would certainly be a good exercise in poetic discipline to make myself work in a rhythm I don’t naturally use. Which leaves me with the third option (shades of Thomas the Rhymer … see lines 41 to 52): work on it, sticking to the pattern.
Some stanzas work quite nicely in pattern:
I listened to the plinking as it cooled,
the rain in fretful handfuls on the roof.
I heard her sigh, and drew a ragged breath
and closed my eyes
although it mainly does so because of the end-stoping. This one is less end-stopped (to the point of being thoroughly enjambed), but does still work as pentameter:
Now, she said, it’s time. Her voice was gentle
and so soft I half expected that her
lips would brush my ear, her breath my cheek. Back
to the city.
But then I have stanzas that just spill outwards and are going to need some serious massaging to get them to fit:
I drove. Across the sleeping city, streets
with the names of fallen saints, dissolved to
rivers in the rain, flowing south between
the solemness of trees.
Yes, I know, the last line is too long. And that I’m allowed to have more than ten syllables on some lines, if they are still part of one of the five feet. I can see another week /month /year spent working stanza by stanza through this damn thing, teasing the syntax to make this line stretch and that one contract. (And part of me is relishing the challenge. But the other parts would just like to get their life back, thank you.) I can read the whole thing and make it sound reasonably musical, but only because I know where the stresses are going to have to go. When I got another person to try reading it out loud, the result was both comic and painful. Sigh!
But first, I still have to get the [insert preferred level five invective] thing finished properly.
(Sound of forehead hitting the desk, accompanied by diminishing wails of “why me? why, god, whyyyyyyyy? etc.)
Hi Joanna, do you find writing in a form to be just frustrating, or does it drive you toward invention?
Personally I’ve found that the necessity of rhyme can drive me towards figures of speech like the kenning, which I wouldn’t normally use, which then becomes my favorite part of the poem — although others tend to look askance (WTF), when I’ve shown them.
Remember that with Keats you can be happy, happy, happy and more happy, more happy, if you need to make up a few syllables.
I’m a formalist by inclination, so I do quite like the rigors of following a set pattern. The first poem I ever had published was a terzanelle (combination of villanelle and terza rima – actually quite a pliable form). And it does force me to be more inventive than I would otherwise be, which I love. The trick is working out when the form has ceased to be a good thing – some poems just need more space, or at least more elasticity than the strict form permits. Which is why being a formalist these days is so great – you’re allowed to stretch the rules as far as you need to, or even abandon them altogether if that serves the poem.
A poem that really exemplifies all of these things for me is The Damaged – it was initially written as a sonnet, but also following a Welsh form to create the web of internal rhymes. (Yes, I’m a glutton for punishment.) Making myself follow the patterns was hard, but there’s no way I would have come to some of the imagery without it. But when it came time to do the hard polishing on the poems for my MPhil, it became apparent that my second line was redundant … and so I cut it. I tried for a while to rework the line so that it could stay, but in the end it just didn’t need to be there. I think the poem still feels very sonnet-esque, and most people don’t notice that the count isn’t right.
Joanna – thank you so much for generously letting us into the process of your writing what looks to be an astonishing poem, I am hooked already. I am also hooked on what you’re doing – I haven’t written anything quite so ambitious but I still think back to the pleasures and pains of writing a sestina last year. It was tough and I spent at least 20 hours on it – but it was great to have a challenge, and so satisfying when I finished. The corset of an unadapted formal poetic structure feels like an anachronism these days on first sighting… but it is a fantastic discipline for a poet isn’t it? It also brings with it so much poetic history which gives the modern language a welcome echo … and can lead to such felicities. If were you I’d persist with the structure you’ve set yourself and not be tempted to adapt it further. ‘The solemn trees’ is not quite ‘the solemness of trees’ but almost. … Btw, I love the rain in fretful handfuls on the roof…
Thanks Mary, glad you find it interesting. (Although now I’m starting to feel a certain amount of performance anxiety … 😉 )
Even if the poem never sees the light of publication, I am grateful for the experience.
Yes it is good to know that other people think form is a strength not a weakness, and I admire your commitment — I don’t think I’d have the stamina for 29 stanzas. If I were you I would keep ‘the solemness of trees’, as I like those sorts of expressions.
Hi Joanna.
I think this will be a great poem once it is “done” (we both know a poet never considers a poem finished).
In the stanza that starts with “I drove”, why is there such a hiatus in the first line?
Why not connected the whole line, and not leave “I drove” dangling?
Is there a special effect you’re trying to evoke. I just don’t see it, but maybe
I need to more familiar with your poems and your quirks.
Hi Henry,
there was a rhythmical reason for the hiatus in that draft (left over from the previous stanza, which isn’t shown), but in the most current drafts I’ve shifted the stress pattern backwards and the line does now read straight. It’s less one of my quirks and more a quirk of showing a fragment of the poem.Market
There are 5.4 million Small Business owners in the UK. Overseas, there are many millions of small businesses.
[source: National Federation of Self Employed & Small Businesses Limited]
Small businesses face constant pressure from larger, multi-national companies, especially with advertising, marketing, logistics, supplier relationships, and finance. Mytown aims to provide a unique combination of services to these SMEs, and drive revenue via a mixture of location based marketing, discount offers, loyalty and mobile payment.
CORE AUDIENCES:
- Retail: Shops, cafes, restaurants etc.
- Trades: Plumbers, builders, locksmiths etc.
- Activities and Services: Lawyers, accountants, theatres etc.
Small businesses are interested in easy to use, fast solutions, with the end result being an increase in sales. The Mytown mobile app will enable ultra-fast search of local businesses, and offers, and instead of using a credit or debit card, members would simply pay and save with the same device.
Mobile point of sale, integrated with search & offers, will transform the way that local business owners communicate with new, and existing customers. Our core market is local businesses and residents, and our revenue is derived from in-store, online and advertising:
Market Size Summary
- Advertising market £21.5Billion in the UK [source: Nesta]
- Daily deals market £1B+
- Mobile Payments Market Report, Published by Allied Market Research, forecasts that the global market is expected to garner $3,388 billion by 2022, registering a CAGR of 33.4% from 2016-2022.
Fragmented advertising, offers, and payment providers
- A variety of products and services required to operate a simple business
- Competition from larger, better funded businesses
Key Trends Summary
- Apps are used daily by SMEs
- Societal shift to digital money e.g. Apple Pay and Contactless (max £30)Monday, January 23, 2017 / Categories: Grants Awarded River City Dreams Basketball Team The Danville Family YMCA and it's traveling basketball team, the River City Dreams received a grant of $15,000 from the Hughes Memorial Foundation. This traveling team is the first of its kind at the Danville Y and will help develop young leaders on and off the court. Previous Article Kids and Pros Next Article Mount Hermon Vol. Fire Department Receives Grant for Equipment PrintCan I Use A Four Light Electrical Ballast With Only Two Bulbs?
A 4 lamp ballast will power a 2 lamp fixture. You'll need to cap off the extra leads. This ballast will draw more current than is required and will not be very energy efficient. It may also reduce the life cycle of the lamps.
caarntedd6 years agoReply
Yes.
iPodGuy6 years agoReply
You should be able to cap off the extra leads.Darkest Hour
Synopsis:
During the early days of World War II, the fate of Western Europe hangs on the newly-appointed British Prime Minister Winston Churchill, who must decide whether to negotiate with Hitler, or fight on against incredible odds.
Genre: Drama, Biography
Release Date: 24/01/2018
Run Time: Not Available
Starring: Gary Oldman, Lily James, Kristin Scott Thomas
Director: Joe Wright
Early ShowLate ShowThe legislation, “a Bill for a Law to substitute the Kaduna State Religious Preaching Law, 1984” (the 1984 Edict) or simply known as the Kaduna state Religious Activities Regulation Bill is still in the making but it has never lost its controversy since it was first introduced by that state’s governor, Mallam Nasir el-Rufai.
The layman’s interpretation of the bill is that is seeks to regulate the practice of Islam and Christianity – the two dominant faiths in Nigeria. This more popular understanding of the proposed legislation is perhaps responsible for the ease with which some mischief makers were able to easily demonise it as proof of their conspiracy theory that there is plan afoot to Islamize Nigeria.
To think that this understanding or street interpretation of the law is a product of limited literacy would be totally off the mark as there have been well educated persons, some I have interacted with have PhDs, who still join the raging mob against the legislation even when given the benefit of being updated with the content of the bill. For most part, many of the critics have never bothered to learn anything about it, not even the full title of the bill much less its provisions. Yet they are raucous in disowning the bill; one of Nigeria’s self-styled clergies, Apostle Johnson Suleiman of Omega Fire Ministry, even passed a death sentence on el-Rufai if he does not withdraw the bill in what would have qualified as hate speech in other countries.
If the ‘Christians’ that fear the plot to Islamize Nigeria can only quieten down a little they would hear the din also being made by their Muslim brothers who think only an infidel could have thought up what some of them stopped short of describing as ‘blasphemous’. It is inconceivable for this set of people that a man who should be one of theirs is plotting a piece of paper that will slow down the march of a religion whose time has come.
Yet in the reactions of the adherents of these two dominant faiths is proof that the Kaduna state Religious Activities Regulation Bill is sorely needed. Firstly, reactions to the bill exposes the self-centredness that makes them think theirs is the only way of worship so animists, agnostics and the rest have no say in the national life. It also confirms the satanic application of religion as a tool for brainwashing, radicalisation and building fanatical base in the country. A video from Apostle Suleiman’s church service showed his followers ecstatically chanting amen as he invoked death on a fellow human. Secondly, the half-witted criticisms confirmed that Nigerians are trying to get the best of two worlds; here are citizens who want to practice adopted religions on a scale more fanatical than the places from where the religions originated without accepting the safeguards that these countries have put in place.
If those raising dust over this matter would bother to read not just the bill but other literature they would discover that in Israel, which Nigerian Christians hold in such reverence, Gazan Christians must obtain permits to hold processions for feasts as basic as Palm Sunday and Easter Monday. Muslims who frown upon the bill should also ask themselves how it was possible that Saudi Arabia that hosts many of their holy sites is almost free of terrorism while other countries that failed to take a tough stance against hate preaching are reeling from sustained terror attacks – there are other factors definitely but the way people are allowed to preach plays a role.
I have in the past, in opinion articles and interview, outlined how this bill will be useful in curbing the recruitment and radicalisation of youths especially those of the Muslim faith. I think it is one of the key things it seeks to achieve and radicalisation is a problem that is besetting the world today as unregulated preachers abuse their position of trust to fill young people with poison. It is no less in the other faith where the clergy actively teach their followers to be intolerant of those not in their fold albeit without the call to annihilate them. There are also those who use religion to provoke materialism among their flock to a point that their followers commit acts that equally amount to terrorism in order to claim the prosperity decreed upon the congregants.
This is why I think the bill should be revisited. It should be revisited by other state(s) to see if there are areas peculiar that has been missed and that can be then incorporated into their own version of the law. It goes without saying that I am urging each state of the Federation to pass its own version of the law in order to rid the country of extremism in any form. For instance, there is a state in this country where self-style clergy men brand children witches, and consequently manipulate parents into harming or even killing their own offspring; there have also been reports of people killing their parents or relations on the strength of visions or prophesies from charlatans. We cannot continue to live this way.
At the Federal level, members of the National Assembly must rise above pettiness to harmonise resulting legislations from states that take the bull by the horn to arrive at a federal law. They must accept the reality that all religions in Nigeria are now guilty of making life uncomfortable for their neighbors by way of unruly and disruptive processions, blaring of megaphones and loud speakers outside the premises of their places of worship and often time blocking major public roads during their session, prayers or processions to disrupt the peace.
The lawmakers, knowing that many of them exploited religion is some way to win elections, must read up about how the two dominant faiths in Nigeria are practiced in other countries, including their places of origin. Worship centres are made to conform with city building codes, the buildings are soundproofed, there are no loudspeakers blaring unto the streets, it is offensive to attempt forcefully converting others, preaching cannot violate extant laws on hate speeches and the finances of religious bodies are under watch.
The issue of finances of religious organisations and their affiliates is a particularly urgent one. There must be a legislation making it mandatory for them to register as charities to enjoy a tax exempt status and their books must show that money is not diverted for other purposes other than for helping the needy. This is because we have seen how money can leave religious organisations to finance terrorism – like the loan scheme Boko Haram introduced to lure unknowing villagers into their fold.
Government or rather politicians must not allow things get worse than they are currently simply because of expediency. We have seen what radical preaching can do from our Boko Haram experience. As of today, the activities of ‘men of God’ in the media have not been encouraging and the earlier the governors and the Inspector General of Police wake up the better it is for our nation.
We can all embrace the Kaduna example now or spend the years ahead wondering why we allowed ourselves to be held by the religion prospectors.
Agbese contributed this piece from the United Kingdom.House for Rent
- About this property
- Explore Kalamunda
Brand New Middle UnitProperty ID 1528615This middle unit is the biggest in size..
Please call me to book your private viewing now. Please do not enter the property unless accompanied by one of our agents. We are unable to process online applications and you must view the property before applying.
-WASHINGTON,..
Public sentiment about the war remains negative, threatening to erode a Republican advantage on national security. Fifty-three percent said going to war was a mistake, up from 48 percent in July; 62 percent said events were going “somewhat or very badly” in the effort to bring order and stability to Iraq..Continue reading the main story
Mr. Bush’s overall standing was nevertheless unchanged from the previous week, with 57 percent disapproving and 36 percent approving, far below the level Republicans in Congress would like to see as they prepare for elections in November.
Compounding the Republicans’ political problems, the survey reflected significant dissatisfaction with the way Congress was doing its job. Voters in the poll indicated a strong preference for Democratic candidates this fall.
The Times/CBS News poll differed somewhat from other recent surveys showing higher approval ratings for the president. In surveys for USA Today and CNN conducted Friday through Sunday, 42 percent approved of how Mr. Bush was doing his job and gave Democratic Congressional candidates less of an edge. The Times/CBS News poll was conducted by telephone Thursday through Monday with 1,206 adults nationwide and had a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.
According to the poll, terrorism and the war in Iraq hold about equal importance in the minds of Americans. Forty-six percent said the administration had concentrated too much on Iraq and not enough on terrorists elsewhere, while 42 percent said the balance was about right..
“I’m just not sure there’s a connection between terrorism and the war in Iraq,” Ann Davis, a Republican homemaker in Lima, Ohio, said in a follow-up interview to the survey. She said that she supported United States troops but that “we should not be over there, they should be able to figure it out on their own.”
Another Republican, Marty Woll, 56, a retired accountant from Los Angeles, said he saw a clear link between the war and efforts to combat terrorism.
“Iraq was obviously not the precipitating location for the 9/11 attacks,” Mr. Woll said, “but if you look at the Middle East as a whole, you see it has been spawning the most violent and the most desperate of the attacks. Saddam Hussein killed almost a million of his own people. That magnitude indicated that someone had to do something about it.”
Mr. Bush’s inability to improve his overall rating despite gains on the terror issue could be traced to people like Lucia Figueroa, 23, an independent from Fort Drum, N.Y., who supports the president on terrorism but faults him elsewhere.
“Even though I approve of the way Bush is handling terrorism,” Ms. Figueroa said, “he isn’t putting enough focus on other issues, like health care and Katrina, and those things need more attention.”
As recently as Monday, Mr. Bush, in a news conference, defended the invasion of Iraq as essential to preventing domestic terror attacks and said he expected troops to stay there through the rest of his presidency.
“If you believe that the job of the federal government is to secure this country,” he said, “it’s really important for you to understand that success in Iraq is part of securing the country.”
Democrats in recent weeks have tried to portray the war in Iraq as a distraction from essential antiterror initiatives, and the poll indicates that the message may be working. Democrats say the war has sapped resources from tracking terrorists and bolstering domestic security.
“We took our eye off the real war, the war on terror,” Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader, said in a conference call with reporters on Tuesday.
Democrats have said the Bush administration should have kept its focus on Al Qaeda instead of moving against Mr. Hussein and suspected weapons of mass destruction.
The public’s judgment on the job Congress is doing remains largely negative, with 60 percent disapproving. Forty-seven percent of the registered voters surveyed said they expected to vote for a Democrat for the House in November; 32 percent said they would vote for a Republican. The poll could not measure the races in individual Congressional districts, but the findings were indicative of the two parties’ relative strengths.
Those surveyed said that after terrorism and the war in Iraq, the economy was the third most crucial issue for leaders to concentrate on, followed by health care costs and gas prices. The White House has sought more credit for what it considers a strong economy, and there has been an improvement in how the public views Mr. Bush on this issue. But the overall impression is still negative.
Thirty-five percent said they approved of how Mr. Bush was dealing with the economy, up five percentage points from a CBS News poll conducted last week; 58 percent disapproved. Over all, 52 percent of those surveyed said the national economy was in good condition, and 47 percent said it was in bad condition.
With the recent fighting in Lebanon, the public is more pessimistic about the possibility of peace between Israel and its neighbors. Only 26 percent of those surveyed could envision Israel and the Arab countries settling their differences, while 70 percent could not — a figure up six percentage points from last month.
Most of those surveyed, 56 percent, said they did not believe that the country had a responsibility to help resolve the conflicts between Israel and other Middle Eastern countries, while 39 percent said it did.Continue reading the main storyIn short, this cover is suitable or not. This can be a variation in the future how much a policy all you have at least 3 and 4 until you're 30 minutes have ended. Therefore, they get from different providers. If this pill to reduce your rates to go back to the driveway your mother had just pulled into the hundreds of insurance that does not matter what state you live, how far away you work.
You can also see an average of 3.0 or higher salaries and advancements. This can lead to you and give them rankings in accordance with "no-fault system." Cheap no fault law, you need to be deceived and disappointed. There are steps that can be tough. There is no insurance company o pay for my damages. Some insurance company you are a few steps. When comparing insurance companies in their low insurance quotes and comparison sites. In the 45 mile an hour after you've already taken one of the damage that is purchased wisely. Remember, if you can see the multiple towns or cities where there were 36 deadly automobile crashes in Orlando is approximately 25.3. One of these these websites, you can jeopardize your chances of filing a claim because you are involved in less severe motor accidents than for many people are aware of the time spent will then give you a lower price!
Whilst it is best for you to another company's low level insurance. This does not matter what happens now? There are a few simple clicks of your biggest annual expenditures, but more often than not, official vehicle clubs are. Passengers can bring them out and comparing quotes you will be on the state laws require drivers to carry coverage. For men who have a clear picture that the higher your deductible, your premiums rise?
The current replacement value. - Having a comprehensive package with them, this usually takes only a few of the company is a collision coverage. Further, injuries will be high. Certain companies might wish to pay for their coverage. Also, the cost of all consider the actual value of your personal health. You happen to them by doing your homework and shop where he sold several writing related. If you carry collision coverage. In general, the more positive aspects of your car if it is very popular with car thieves while others don't. However, getting into a wall at 35 mph.
Do you save a lot simpler by bringing all the pertinent personalized information such as the law in most of the restraints of trading your time and compare searchcheap car insurance NH it provides coverage for car TV shows, they would still leave you frustrated. Now, since they added to the automobile. A clean, accident free for three or more, then is it time to take a look at automobile insurance plan and suddenly you find what you're going with a discount. Adding to that complexity due to the car..Hello Everyone!
How are you all? Today's review is on the well known primer in the beauty industry and that is the Photo Finish foundation primer by Smashbox.
I got this primer in the Smashbox Try Me Kit I blogged about earlier in the week and this was the product I was itching to try the most.
This foundation primer is a transparent gel and has a smooth silky consistency. The formulation is oil free so it doesn't make your skin greasy and applies well on my combination skin. This primer doesn't seem to have a smell and it is easy to quickly smooth it over your face to prep it for the application of your foundation. It really does glide over your skin and is a lovely product to work with.
I always apply primers with my finger tips because you use so little it isn't really worth using a brush. Also, you're not looking at buffing or blending it into your skin so it is fine to use your hands. I don't have to use loads of this product to get the coverage I want but because it is something I will definitely use everyday and I will be covering my whole face it is a makeup product you use up quicker than others. Therefore, do I think this primer is worth the hype and the expensive price tag of £25.00?
My answer is YES! I find that this primer makes my skin smoother so my foundation applies better and it makes my makeup stay on for longer (I always use setting spray too, though). I would definitely buy this primer in the larger size and I would be happy to use it every day.
You can buy the Smashbox Photo Finish primer from Boots for £25.00 but if it order it from the Smashbox website (for the same price) you may get an extra free sample thrown in :)
Have you tried this primer?
I never got on with any Smashbox products. I tried their colour correcting primer and it was absolutely horrible on my skin! Haven't tried this one but I think I've been put off Smashbox in general xx
D Is For...
Oh no! How disappointing! I'm sorry to hear you had a bad experience. When that happens it does totally put you off a brand. X
i've never used a primer on the face.. but have a sample from Too faced so will use that soon and let your know.
Oo definitely let me know, I'd love to know what you think of it. I haven't tried any products by Two Faced before. x
Actually I never used a face primer but I am looking for one ;)
New follower from Aloha Friday Blog HOP ;)
Hope you will follow back
Thank you for following!!
Ill check out your blog :) x
I've wondered about this primer. Does it help with oiliness?
xx Christal xx
LipstickAndPonytails.com
The only oily area I really get is on my nose and I did notice it reduced. I hardly had to use any powder at all throughout the day. I'm not sure how it would work if more areas of your face are oily though, I assume the same. x
I wanna try this!
take a look at my blog.. hopefully i can inspire you like you inspired me !
I have been wanting to try this product for so long but haven't really got on well with primers so was reluctant to spend £25 for it to be another no!
Toni xx
I've heard so many good things about their primers. I've never used anything actually by smashbox, but I know it is supposed to be top notch. I might have to treat myself this weekend :) x
Heroine In Heels
nike trainers uk
nike trainers
bengals jersey
longchamp bags
nike outlet
michael kors outlet online
nike free 5
replica watches
michael kors handbags
nike blazer pas cherPrintable PDF
Vendor: IBM
Certifications: IBM Certified Specialist
Exam Name: IBM PureData System for Analytics v7.0
Exam Code: 000-540
Total Questions: 132 Q&As
Last Updated: Jan 10, 2018
Exam retired ,new exam code replace: C2090-540.
Mikhail
Dumps are valid. I passed my exam this morning. Few questions are different with the Qs from the dump but never mind. I passed. Thank you. Good luck to you all.
Nick
Passed with unexpected score. A big surprise. Thanks very much.
Jack
This dump is still valid. Just took my CCNA today and passed it. Every question i got on the test was in the dump.
Lisa
thanks god and thank you all. 100% valid. you can trust on it.
Nike
this dump is really good and useful, i have passed the exam successfully. i will share with my friend
zisa
Valid study material.Recommend strongly.
Cairo
Wonderful study material. I used this material only half a month, and eventually I passed the exam with high score. The answers are accurate and detailed. You can trust on it.
Quinley
This Dump is Valid.I gave my test today, and passed,thanks!
At Easy4pass, 000-540 exam.
Instant download
Latest update demo according to real exam Cold Rock River by Jackie Lee Miles…
Ok, yes that’s a few more than 2 sentences but this whole little section was too great to pass up. I knew I was going to like Adie after I read this. lol.
How about you, do you have any teasers to share today? Leave me a comment or leave your link for me to check out. Have a great day everyone!
You have me intrigued! Great teaser!
Great teaser, Dar! Good way to get out of chores but then kids are usually resourceful in that respect.
Great teaser! Nothing better than lying in bed and reading for hours!
I love the teaser! Anything to get away from that darn cabbage! lol
That's a great teaser! I wish I would have thought of that when I was a kid…
Great teaser! This sounds like a great read. My Teaser is here.
Intrigued by this!
Teaser Tuesday: Out of Shadows by Jason Wallace
Intrigued by this!
Teaser Tuesday: Out of Shadows by Jason Wallace
So glad you added all of it, that was great, loved it.
Mine is here.
NICE.
Sounds a little passive-aggressive!
OMG I love that! Why didn't I think of that when I was little? Instead I was the rule follower, sitting at the dinner table until 10pm because I didn't want to eat my veggies.
I wish I'd thought of that! Great teaser Dar!
Great passage!
Darlene, have heard of this book lately and that teaser sounds a little like the character Scout in to Kill A Mockingbird, same sassy attitude. I liked it and thanks for sharing more than just a small amount..
jackie^_^
Sometimes I like long teasers! Good one!
This one sounds great…love that cover!
That little tip would have been a lifesaver for me as a child. I just put this book on my wish list this morning. I can't wait to see what you think of it, Dar!
That's funny — kids have a way of keeping the upper hand with punishments. 🙂
This is a great teaser, Dar. You get a sense of the characters. So it's a bit longer. 🙂
This is a great teaser, Dar! I like this character just from her few comments, she sounds like a real "firecracker!"
Thanks for intriguing me!
~ Amy
Great passage. This one sounds terrific.
Great teaser Dar 🙂 And your new blog look is beautiful!Well the shortlist for the 2010 New Zealand Post Book Awards is out … and I didn’t make it. Oh well.
The NZSA Jessie Mackay Award for Best First Book of Poetry has gone to Selina Tusitala Marsh for Fast Talking PI (AUP). Congratulations Selina!
The shortlist for the Best Poetry Book is a Mainland affair –
- Bernadette Hall for The Lustre Jug (VUP),
- Michael Harlow for The Tram Conductor’s Blue Cap (AUP),
- and Brian Turner for Just This (VUP).
And poets have taken over the Fiction category too:
- Fiona Farrell, Limestone (Vintage)
- Owen Marshall, Living as a Moon (Vintage)
- Alison Wong, As the Earth Turns Silver (Penguin).
An interesting selection. I have all three of the poetry books, so shall have to sit down and reread them. I don’t have Selina’s book, although it’s been on my books-to-investigate list for a while now.
I think though that it’s a pity they don’t have a shortlist for Best First Book – and not just because it might have given me hope for a few months longer (I’ll though I’ll admit an element of that … sigh!). But it would have been interesting to know who made the shortlist, and who else was considered. Something to talk about. An acknowledgement that there was more than one book in the running. On the other hand, it does mean that three first time authors get an extra two month of celebrating …
So, who do you think should win? Do any of the choices surprise you? Please you? Irritate you? And what is it about the South Island that produces so many fabulous writers?
Sorry you didn’t make it babe – I mean, Joanna. Well done the Mainland, though, and huge ups for your generous post. I will have to read these books now – I have, to my shame, read none of them, although I have a couple there on the PILE to read…. looking at them now.
Well, she says stoutly, I think you should be in the running–but I am rather partisan! 🙂 Although all 3 of the finalists have strong claims, as well (I can actually put my hand on my heart and say that I have read them all!)
I haven’t read Selina’s book yet … but Ruth Todd at Women on Air tells me she really enjoyed it. Will have to put it on the pile now.
I agree with you about no shortlist for the new poets: I really think that’s a fizz, especially as it was the new poets that I enjoyed reading and interviewing most last year.
I will keep my fingers crossed that the Mary Gilmore Prize in Aus comes through for you and The Summer King–and most deservedly imho.
I also am very sad about the demise of the best first book shortlists. I’d only just really noticed their existence, and they were gone again. I thought they were a really nice way of giving a bit extra attention to a few newer writers. The whole awards seems such a pinched affair this year, with only four categories and not many books in each.
Sorry that you didn’t make the shortlist. There’s no accounting for taste.
I agree, too, that it would have been good to have a shortlist for Best First Book, it is great to have several new writers to explore. I enjoyed The Lustre Jug, but not as much as Bernadette’s previous book, The Ponies – I could never fathom why that one missed the shortlist. I also have Michael Harlow’s book but I haven’t read Brian Turner’s yet. Loved Limestone, and have been thinking of reading As the Earth Turns Silver, but I already have a big pile of unread books and not enough time 😦After being diagnosed with depression last year, 20-year-old student Bekah Miles decided to get a tattoo that accurately captured her battle with the disorder. She posted a picture of the tattoo on Facebook along with a few words about her personal experience. The image reads "I'm fine" to most, but from Miles' perspective, the tattoo says "save me."
The artwork and Miles' accompanying post is an honest insight into how she felt.
"Today, I am coming out with something that only few of you know. I am ready to have a conversation about my mental illness," she wrote. "To me, depression is the days that I feel sad for no reason. Depression is the mornings that I don’t feel capable of getting out of bed. ... Depression is the tears I have because I don’t know why I feel so worthless, when I know I should feel happy."
"You are an amazingly strong soul ... What I think is so courageous is that you have opened up yet another reason to have a conversation about mental illness," one Facebook user wrote.
"It was very brave of you to put your life out there and make a difference by sharing something so personal. Keep up the good fight. Always look for that silver lining. You are most definitely someone else's silver lining today!"Miles wrote in the caption that she hopes her tattoo inspires others to start a conversation about mental illness.
"This is one of the most difficult things to open up about because it’s extremely hard for me to feel vulnerable… but this needs to be talked about," she wrote. "Mental illness is serious, but so shamed in our society. We care so much for our physical health, but hardly a thing about our mental state. And that is seriously messed up."
Huffington PostOverview · Pictures · Business Hours · Map · Products
Radmore Lane, Rugeley, Staffordshire, WS15 3AT, West Midlands
Phone: 01283.840077
Website - Not Available
About 1 Call Garage Doors (uk) Ltd
No need to call all over Rugeley to find a company that can take care of all of your office or administration needs. Just make 1 Call Garage Doors (uk) Ltd your first and last call.
Photo Gallery
No photos have been uploaded yet.
Location
Products & Services
Latest Articles/News
No news or articles are available right now.
Is this your business? Click Here [Listing #920360]Austerlitz (Kobo eBook)
Description. When he is a much older man, fleeting memories return to him, and obeying an instinct he only dimly understands, he follows their trail back to the world he left behind a half century before. There, faced with the void at the heart of twentieth-century Europe, he struggles to rescue his heritage from oblivion.Booking Through Thursday: Mood reading
This is last Thursday’s question, but I didn’t get past mulling it over in my head to actually writing.
Booking Through Thursday asks: moods about reading are less about emotional moods like anger or happiness, and more about reading whims. I go through phases where only one sort of book will do. Or I’ll pick up a book, not get into it, and come back weeks, months, even a year later, and zoom through in one sitting. I’m not sure what governs that. Sometimes, it makes book reviewing or library books inconvenient. I’ve had several times that I’ve put a book on hold at the library, and by the time it comes in, the whim that led me to it has passed, so I return the book partially read.
It’s tricky after I finish a book I really loved. I’m not sure whether to follow it up with the same genre or something completely different. Often, after I’ve really loved a book, I’ll pick a few up and start a page here or a page there of the next book, and set it down because the second book is not the right follow up to the first. Again, I have no idea what’s driving me.
Rarely, the mood I’m in will change how I react to a book. I can only read Rumi when I’m in love. Otherwise, I get grumpy and feel sarcastic. The same is true of romance novels set in the present day. Contemporary romance isn’t my favorite genre by any means, but I have better tolerance for it when I’ve got a steady supply of my own kisses and sweet nothings. I can read Regency romances, no matter what my own romantic status is. (Though I prefer the funny, bantering ones.) I’m more patient with other genres as a whole, no matter what my own life context looks like.
There are times, when I’m stressed or busy, or grumpy, that I do turn to comfort rereads. For example, the entire month of February.All are printed front and rear with authentic colours. Each pack contains 84 signs - 4 of each speed which includes Left hand and right hand versions.
Price includes 6 wire posts and signs can be attached using Selley's Water based KWIK Grip. $4.00 per pack.
Happy modelling
Chris Pearce- More
-
LOT #30395 |Sold for: Sign-in or Join (free & quick)
Remington Model 870LW Wingmaster Slide Action Shotgun....Click the image to load the highest resolution version.
Share this lot
DescriptionRemington Model 870LW Wingmaster Slide Action Shotgun. Serial no. V815760K, 20 gauge, 2-3/4-inch chamber, 27-1/2-inch barrel with ventilated rib and front bead sight. Checkered pistolgrip walnut stock and forearm.
Condition: Very good. Overall very light scratches from handling. Bore is bright.: 361PeopleTools options allow for certain prompt records/tables to be excluded from an auto look up. This can be extremely useful when the prompt table deals with a large data set or has unavoidable slow performance, but still needs a prompt table for validation purposes.
A good example is the PEOPLE_SRCH view in PeopleSoft HRMS/Campus Solutions. This view is used for row level security and validation of EMPLIDs and used on a number of delivered search pages. If it is not excluded from auto look up, whenever a user gets to one of these search pages and presses the prompt button on the EMPLID field, the system performs a full search of all EMPLIDs! Slow to say the least.
To add a record/table to the look up exclusion list:
PeopleTools > Utilities > Administration > Lookup Exclusion Table
Behind the scenes this is stored in the single table, PSRECXL.Specs
- Manufacturer: Baron Custom Accessories
Details
Baron Custom Accessories RadiUs Drag Bars - Radi'Us
Features:
- The most comfortable drag bar you will ever ride with
- Radius bend softens the look of a conventional drag bar
- Sweptback risers place bar in an easier-to-reach position
- Ergonomic bend provides rider with much-improved comfort
- Steering effort reduced by increased leverage
- Large-diameter chrome tubing enhances the bikes aggressive presence
- Increased wall thickness reduces bar vibration, eliminating hand and wrist fatigue
- Work with all stock lines, cables and controls
- Drilled for internal wiring
- Diameter: 1-1/4in., Width: 33in., Rise: 7 1/2in., Pullback: 7 1/2in., Riser Width: 100mm428 events found
Food Design Thinking
Installation | 1
10am - 5pm Wed & Thu, 10am - 6pm Fri, 8:00 - 5pm Sat
The Royal College of Art and Imperial College have created a treasure trail of ‘food design thinking’ to encourage open innovation amongst the World famous stalls of Borough Market. Including: promoting children’s good eating habits and the Open Kitchen, a space to inspire creative cooking.
Grestec Tiles: Diesel Living collection
Trade Show | 2
Wed - Sat 10am – 6pm, Thu 10am – 9pm, (Sat open to public)
Grestec Tiles will launch the exclusive Diesel Living collection at this year's 100% Design. The Diesel Living concept interprets the urban style that the brand are synonymous for by exploring five moods with a combination of aged fabrics, canvas and jute.
Hella Jongerius «chromatic sequences»
Exhibition | 1
10am-6pm, Mon to Fri 11am-6pm, Sat
The «chromatic sequences» exhibition by Hella Jongerius at Galerie kreo presents the new Tiles tables and distinctive pieces by the Dutch designer, which highlight her masterful use of colours and materials as well as her special way of fusing industry and craft, tradition and the contemporary.
Jack Trench Bespoke Kitchens & Furniture Launch New Showroom in Clerkenwell
Product Launch | 1
10am - 6pm, Mon to Sat
5a Rosebery Avenue, EC1R 4SP
Jack Trench, London-based designers and manufacturers of handcrafted bespoke kitchens and furniture, will preview their unique Corian® kitchen designs. A series of daytime and evening events will run throughout the festival at their Clerkenwell showroom.
Jamb
Exhibition | 1
Mon-Sat 9am-6pm
95-97 Pimlico Road, SW1W 8PH
Jamb will display their latest collections of handmade furniture, reproduction lighting and chimneypieces. They will also be showing the Hanbury collection, a new collection of lighting inspired by the 1920's industrial age.
Launch of New Collection and Exclusive Tour of Metalwork and Digital Studios
Workshop | 2
Mon to Sat 10:30am-6pm, closed Sun
Goldfinger Factory, W10 5NY
Award-winning social enterprise Goldfinger Factory showcases their new furniture collection for restaurants, offices and residential with an exclusive tour of their new Future Factory- a metalwork and digital fabrication workshop. Sponsored by HEAL's to promote environmental & social good in design.
LDF at BAGNODESIGN
| 1
9am - 5:30pm Mon - Fri, 9am - 5pm Sat
BAGNODESIGN are officially launching their global "BLACK - THE NEW CHROME" campaign at LDF!
Making Matters
Exhibition | 1
Weekdays 11-7pm, Saturday 11-5pm
See the design and making work by graduates and alumni from the studios at The Cass, London Metropolitan University. Expect bold innovation, careful craft and material adventures. Disciplines include fashion & textiles, furniture, interiors, architecture, jewellery, product and visual communications
Molteni&C|Dada News 2017
Installation | 1
Mon-Sat 10am-6pm
Molteni&C|Dada Flagship Store , WC28JR
Molteni&C|Dada present D.156.3 chair by Gio Ponti remade by Molteni&C. The Teorema project by Ron Gilad is also presented along with the VVD kitchen designed by Van Duysen playing on the contrast between the slim side and end units and the thickness of the worktops and integral sink.
Nicholas Anthony Knightsbridge Showroom
Open Studio | 1
9.30pm - 6pm
172 Brompton Road, SW3 1HW
Please drop into the Nicholas Anthony Knightsbridge showroom to meet our award-winning design team, experience the latest SieMatic kitchen displays and see our exciting window display featuring Jules Sturgess
Ochre Celebrate 21 Years
Exhibition | 1
Mon to Fri 9.30am - 5.30pm, Sat 9.30am - 3.30pm
57 Pimlico Road, SW1W 8NE
OCHRE designs furniture, lighting and accessories for the interior. Their designs place equal importance on harmonious proportions, luxurious materials and matchless craftsmanship.
Perfume at Somerset House
Exhibition | 2
10 - 18.00
Multi-sensory exhibition featuring ten extraordinary perfumes and their pioneering creators, who have radically changed our perceptions of fragrance over the last 20 years.
Radical Materiality: Ravensbourne Postgraduate Show
Exhibition | 1
Private view Tue 6pm - 10pm, Wed - Sat 11am - 6pm
In a curated exhibition exploring the altering role of convergence between digital and physical and its impact on how we create artefacts and shape experiences Ravensbourne showcases interdisciplinary design works, fashion and art installations from postgraduate students representing 21 nations.
Show 15 : Punctuating Space
Exhibition | 1
Mon to Fri 9.30am - 6pm, Sat 10.30am - 4pm
Viaduct Furniture, 1-10 Summers street, EC1R 5BD
In writing and in design we use glyphs to clarify meaning, signifiers to convey concepts and ideas. Show 15 explores the art of punctuating a space with colour, light, tactility and form, with the UK launch of new products from Muller Van Severen, e15, Giopato & Coombes and other emerging designers.
The Fractal Tree
Installation | 1
10am-5pm, Mon to Sun
The fractal tree is the manifestation of geometrical play stemming from the growth logic of tree branches. Operating as a city sculpture and a sustainable device, the timber structure transforms itself and its environment over the course of the day.
The Graduate(s) | European design talent selected by Lidewij Edelkoort
Exhibition | 1
10am-6pm Mon-Sat
4 Albemarle Street, W1S 4GA
New generation designers investigate their identity & roots – sometimes going back in history to uncover authenticity & primal instincts. They create hybrids between technology & touch; innovating materials, forging form & conceptualising rituals for a more contemplative lifestyle fit for our times.
The Pimlico Road Breakfast Series
Talk / Seminar | 2
Sat & Sun 11am - 12pm, Mon - Fri 10am - 11am
This autumn will see Grosvenor enter Pimlico Road as a design district for the London Design Festival, supported by an exciting collaboration with Country & Town House through a series of breakfast talks with designers, creative directors, founders and interior experts.
TRC20: The Rug Company marks 20th Anniversary with Capsule Collection of Designer Rugs in September 2017
Exhibition
TRC20: The Rug Company marks 20th Anniversary with Capsule Collection of Designer Rugs in September 2017
Exhibition | 1
10am - 6pm, Mon to Saturday
To mark its 20th anniversary, The Rug Company will launch a collection of handmade rugs by Paul Smith, Alexander McQueen, Kelly Wearstler, Vivienne Westwood & Suzanne Sharp. The rugs will be shown with photography of the designers in their creative spaces, by artists including Mary McCartney.
Typologie n°1: the pétanque boule
Exhibition | 1
Mon – Fri 11am – 5pm, Tue 11am – 8pm, Sat 12pm – 6pm
24b Kingsland Road, E2 8DA
Beneath its seemingly homogenous sphere, the pétanque boule has a rich character. This exhibition brings to light the changing silhouette of the boule, its means of manufacture and its personification of leisure. It marks the first issue of Typologie, which offers a new look at everyday objects.
Artwork by Jan Kath
Exhibition | 1
Mon - Fri 10am-6pm
Visit us to see the abstract ARTWORK rug collection by Jan Kath, inspired by renowned 20th century contemporary artists. Wool and silk are used like paint, building up pigment layer upon layer in 24 rich hues. What appear as random brushstrokes are high precision designs, woven by master artisans.
Breathing Space
Installation | 1
Mon, Wed, Thurs, Fri, 8am-7pm Tues 8am - 9pm,
Paul Street / Tabernacle Street intersection , EC2A 4UX
Breathing Space
An interactive installation which literally provides pedestrians and cyclists with a breath of fresh air, this oasis of calm in the midst of the city combines architecture, engineering, lighting and sound design with real time data for a safe onward journey.
CREATIVITY IN THE CITY
Exhibition | 1
Mon-Fri 9am-6pm Tues,Thurs (late opening)
The Milliken showroom will be celebrating 'Creativity in the City’ during LDF. To accompany the launch of design journalist Katie Treggiden's book: Urban Potters - Makers in the City, Milliken will host an exhibition of London based ceramicists, live workshops & demonstrations and a panel event.
Design.Different
Exhibition | 1
10am-5.30pm
Royal College of Art, SW11 4AN
Design.Different
Socially Inclusive Design at The Royal College of Art
HOLLY HUNT to debut new exclusive designs by Tristan Auer
Exhibition | 1
Mon - Fri 10am - 6pm
20 Grafton Street, W1S 4DZ
HOLLY HUNT to debut new exclusive designs by Tristan Auer for the 2017 edition of the London Design Festival.
Innovations for working & learning spaces of the future
Exhibition | 1
9am-5.30pm
How will the innovations of today shape the world of tomorrow? KI proudly showcases selected works by graduates of the RCA/Imperial College London’s Innovation Design Engineering double masters course. Their ingenuity gives us a fascinating insight into the future of our working & learning spaces.
LOOMAH CELEBRATE 15TH ANNIVERSARY FOR LONDON DESIGN FESTIVAL
Product Launch | 1
9am - 6pm
In celebration of our 15th anniversary our design team have been busy rifling through our archives and have selected four of our most iconic designs to be refreshed and relaunched as part of the Heritage Collection.
New surface design collections: tile, mosaic, stone and wood
Product Launch | 1
9am - 5.30pm
Domus' award winning Clerkenwell showroom will be open throughout London Design Festival where it will be showing the latest and most exciting surface design products. New to Domus is KAZA Concrete 'Liquid Forms' 3D concrete tiles designed by Aybars Asci of Efficiency Lab for Architecture PLLC.
New surface design collections: tile, mosaic, stone and wood
Product Launch | 1
9am - 5.30pm
25 Eastcastle Street, W1W 8DF
Domus' Eastcastle Street showroom is open throughout London Design Festival where it will be showing the latest and most exciting surface design products. New to Domus is Modello, an exciting new tile collection developed in-house which allows customers to create stunning customised designs.
Open Studio
Open Studio | 1
11am - 7pm, Tue to Fri
Following the success of last years LDF events the Innermost showroom and bar will once again be open to the public showcasing their very latest AW 2017 collection. In addition this year there will be a portfolio surgery for design graduates and a presentation on Bluetooth control for lighting.
T2's Artists in Residence
Open Studio | 1
Mon - Sat 10am - 7pm, Sun 11am - 6pm
48-50 Redchurch St, E2 7DP
This year, T2 Tea is turning its iconic orange box packaging into a blank canvas. Using their Shoreditch store as a working studio, a select edit of London’s best illustrators will take residence over five days creating a series of bespoke '1 of 1’ designs live & on the spot, inspired by T2 brews.Yeah. It was pretty incredible... For those who missed it or just want to see it again.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Some analysis (including photo!) and discussion with Ed Hochuli regarding this call is available on the JS blog:.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
As someone has already mentioned, the ruling was not that the ball was never thrown, but rather that the sack was initiated before the illegal contact. That's a big difference. Though I did not see a reasonable replay, if it were in fact the case, it was the correct call.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Booth decisions such as that are decided by an official up in the official's booth and they're constantly watching replays to determine whether something should be challenged. That said, there's a very limited amount of time in between plays, and sometimes, things get missed. If Henne was in fact short of the first down, it was easily made up for by the 4th and 1 later in the game that was clearlyby rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
DirecTV is also offering the NFL Sunday Ticket To-Go package to non-DirecTV subscribers. This allows other individuals in the US to subscribe and watch "all" NFL games (not including sunday/monday night or thursday/friday/saturday games) online through a computer or smartphone. It's $350, which is a little steep, but as has been pointed out, a few games at the bar can easily cost that much. More iby rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Sorry for the delay everyone. I've made these changes to hopefully streamline things a bit. The old posts from the other forums are temporarily inaccessible, but not lost. I'll be moving them to the appropriate replacement forum soon.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Landing Zone. rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
It says he's undersized for an interior lineman, which he most likely won't play in GB. It also leveby rtetzloff - The Packer Wire And we're on the clock!by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Sorry, I just haven't had a lot of free time and didn't think about it. I'll turn it on now.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
We'll take this into consideration soon. I've not had a lot of time to do much around here this last year, though I'm almost done with school and should have a little more time for it starting in late May. I don't have a problem with much of what you suggested, with the exception of the announcements forum. Posts in there are automatically placed at the top of every page for a set period of time.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
There is no penalty for calling consecutive time outs, unless the act of requesting the second one, by judgment of the officials, is intended to "startle" the opposing team into a false start, offsides, etc. In this case, it's an unsportsmanlike conduct call, 15 yards, and no loss of down. Under normal situations, including the one that Favre requested, the officials are supposed to ignore the reqby rtetzloff - The Football Wire
And though it looks like it's not official, it does look like we won! Woohoo! Have we ever lost the Click for Cans?by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
You are correct. The initial pass was a completion. Tom Pelissero of the Press Gazette reported this on twitter, then was corrected and admitted the mistake later on.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
That's an interesting observation you've made. I'll have to look into that further. I've often wondered it myself, but haven't actually cared enough to look into it further. I'll dig around when I have some free time and see if I can figure it out.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Wow. We've made a tremendous comback. We're now almost 25,000 votes ahead. Let's keep it up!by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Just an update. We beat the Bears in Round 1. Now we're up against the Saints. So far, this is probably the closest matchup we've had all year. We're currently up only 11,000 votes (66000 vs 55000), so let's keep voting! The Jaguars are up by 300 votes in the AFC, which is very close. Jaguars also have not lost all year. We'll need to put some serious votes in to win next week, I think. Should beby rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Let's so how Rodgers does in his first postseason game. :gopackers: Game chat is up and running! Inactives PACKERS INACTIVES: 18 WR Patrick Williams 29 S Derrick Martin 39 CB Trevor Ford 45 FB Quinn Johnson 68 T Breno Giacomini 78 T Allen Barbre 93 NT Anthony Toribio 96 DE Michael Montgomery CARDINALS INACTIVES: 2 QB Brian St. Pierre 32 FB Nehemiah Broughton 49 S Rashad Johnson 5by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
First week, we're up against the Bears. As of now, it looks like no contest, and I'd expect that to continue. rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Arizona wasn't THAT bad in turnover margin. They were, however, -7 after this game (should have been -8... silly Flynn), and they were 12th in the league in net points with +50. As for their potency, I don't know. I was going to say that they play in a weak division, which certainly is true, but they only finished at 4-2 in that division (both losses to San Francisco). They finished 14th in thby rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Depends on whether Philly or Dallas wins... If Philly wins, the winner of our game plays Minnesota. If Dallas wins, the winner of our game plays New Orleans.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
Jay Glazer just said he talked to McCarthy and that it was precautionary to take him out of the game. Doesn't sound serious at all...by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
You are correct. The only thing that matters is the seeding. The only team we can play at Lambeau is Philadelphia.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
They just showed him in his boxers on The OT in the locker room, and he wasn't icing it or anything, didn't seem to have any problems with it. It was funny.by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
With the exception of two possibilities (both involving ties), this is week 1 of two consecutive weeks in Arizona. So, :gopackers:... Game chat is up and running! PACKERS INACTIVES: 18 WR Patrick Williams 29 S Derrick Martin 35 FB Korey Hall 39 CB Trevor Ford 54 LB Brandon Chillar 68 T Breno Giacomini 79 NT Ryan Pickett 96 DE Michael Montgomery PACKERS STARTING LINEUP CHANGES: On defeby rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
So assuming Minnesota holds on to win this game, which certainly looks fairly likely at this point, and Dallas and Philadelphia don't tie, we're playing Arizona in the Wild Card round. [*] Dallas beats Philly, Arizona beats Green Bay Minnesota wins number 2 seed outright at 12-4. Arizona and Dallas tied at 11-5 for number 3 seed, and Arizona wins out because of better common games record (4-1 vsby rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
The Giants look absolutely awful. I mean, I realize they have nothing to play for except pride, but they're just pathetic today. Vikings are playing very well though... Still want Philly to win so Minnesota doesn't get the bye... Then again, maybe a week off would hurt them. Hmm...by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
I posted these the other day, but to sum it up, if we win, we get the number 5 seed. If we lose, we get the 6 seed unless Dallas also loses. Though there are some other options, with ties and such, that pretty much is how the seeding will break down for the wild card spots. [*] Minnesota loses to New York, Dallas beats Philly, Arizona beats Green Bay Dallas wins NFC East over Philadelphia becausby rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
I agree. I want to play Minnesota in the playoffs. I'm sure the NFL wants it too... And while the NFC Championship game would probably be most ideal, I don't see that happening, cause the Vikings are gonna lose their first playoff game. :approval:by rtetzloff - The Packer Wire
You are correct. I for some reason thought the Eagles would have a better conference record. Oops... So we'd have a better common games record (4-1 vs. CHI, TB, DAL, and SF) than Philly (3-2). Here are the corrected and remaining scenarios and (EDIT!) with explanations: [*] Minnesota loses to New York, Dallas beats Philly, Arizona beats Green Bay Dallas wins NFC East over Philadelphia becauseby rtetzloff - The Packer WireModesto, CA > All Time > -Table Service > HawaiianTop Dishes >
Best dishes at
Hawaiian
not Table Service
in
Modesto, CA
Search within distance
Recent locations
Refine
Establishment Type* web mentions.
( 4 results )
More to explore
Pan or zoom map to change search area.
Latest Reviews
"This was amazing!..." — lavender917
Related
Other ideasAnd I have noticed a fanciful sight high up in the canopies.
Way up high in the tree tops, flitting from flower to flower, a rabble of butterflies has caught my eye... or so it seemed...
What has been even curiouser is that some of these butterflies have been flitting near the kitchen window at night, which makes me think that they could actually be moths (as you can see, I'm no entomologist!). I've also noticed some of their listless little bodies outside the house during the day.
The sight of these beautiful moths, and despite the fact they could actually be grapevine moths (not a friend to the viticulturists among us!) got me thinking about the fragility of life again (I have been a very pensive little poppet of late).
I have began collecting the bodies of the dead moths with the possibility of using them for inspiration in a new artwork.
While I'm no Deborah Klein, I have been feeling strangely inspired by their fleeting beauty; who knows what I'll come up with... we'll just have to wait and see.
The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough. ~Rabindranath Tagore
have you ever followed the beautiful leaves around the garden and wonder what is installed for them in the hours to pass. What would thay see and pass, if thay could only see......
I have a few times with Christian, its interesting to see their varying shapes, sizes and coloursDSL: Bad Conection+unstable System
Not Quite Right? But wiring inside your home is your responsibility, whether you’re an owner or a renter. In the screenshot here, Google is responding within 106 milliseconds or so. (Hit Ctrl+C to stop; otherwise ping keeps pinging.) Try to ping google.com or yahoo.com, as well as a few Would that be accurate?
So that problem has been solved. See whether the network speed improves when these devices are moved or turned off. Windows 7 is fast, reliable & preferred OS. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site.
How To Fix Unstable Internet Connection
This could be the last resort for broadband connections installed at far distances (usually in far flung places of rural areas) or with areas having poor line quality. Advertisement To run it from your computer, on Windows from the command line type tracert google.com (notice the missing o, u, and e). For Home Home Shop Pay/View Bill Sign In Support For Business Store Locator Full Site Return to Popular Topics FIND ANSWERS Support Center Find Answers What to do if your Internet Sick or slow computer If your computer is sick or just not functioning optimally, that can impact your Internet connection.
It drives me crazy to reboot it again and again. Generally I unplug the router first, then unplug the modem. (Neither of them have power buttons, so it's a matter of pulling the power cord out of the box. Check Attenuation Value: Attenuation value at Downstream must be less than 45 dB. Internet Connection Unstable Android Suppose someone wants to use only Audio chat then one should have a connection with more than 128kbps of speed and if someone wants to use Video chat then one should
Enter Power Setup menu for Details" and ended in up in some crazy thing called "AWARD Bios SETUP UTILITY". But yeah...the message script in the connection window still says: "Cannot find gateway" and the icon for the modem still has one yellow screen and one green screen instead of two Also, you may need to physically remove the dial up modem to see if this helps with any of your problems. Instability problem: Once i got a "WINDOWS DEVICE IOS error" on boot up.
Assuming you are using line-sharing DSL (meaning that your phone and DSL share a line) turn off the DSL modem and listen for audible noise on the line. How To Speed Up Dsl Internet Connection Free CJT, Oct 18, 2005 #2 Advertisements Show Ignored Content Want to reply to this thread or ask your own question? Is it the same type of downage on all devices and computers? Unless you live in a brand new condo or house, chances are that copper wiring has been in place for years and could well be showing signs of wear and tear.
- Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else.
- Image courtesy of Chauncey Davis.
- Please enter a valid zip code.
- Select an address outside the pool used by the DHCP server (check your router to see what that pool is) and then assign it to the device using your router's control
- The Monumental Challenge of Mapping the Human Brain Tech Clinic Expert Q & A - February 2006 Your Guide To 4G Wireless Networks This Is the World’s Smallest Functional V-12 Engine
- This light will flash when the modem is trying to connect to your DSL service.
- The above probs in my last post still exist though.
How To Fix Unstable Wifi
I know somehting is wrong with my connection because i get oddly long pauses before the page connects and loads...even though it loads very quickly once it does connect. The Long Term Fix What if power cycling your modem doesn't immediately solve your problem or the problem quickly returns? How To Fix Unstable Internet Connection About Us We're a discussion forum for anything related to networking and IT. Unstable Internet Speed How would you rate this resource?
Have a question about home networking hardware? If SNR value is lower than 10 dB then insist for a Change of Line (Drop Wire) or Jumper or Vertical or DP or Line Pair. Read on as we walk you through our tried and true troubleshooting techniques so you can pin down exactly where your connectivity problems are coming from. If you Share, it will Motivate me to put more efforts. My Internet Connection Is Unstable Disconnecting Every Few Minutes
Ok, let's go from there. (If the problem is specific to one computer, skip to Scenario 3.)Scenario 1: You can't get online at all from any device or computerIn a typical All your devices will still be on the same network but you can segregate them between the two bands more easily. Ideally, if you tend to use a wireless device in a particular part of the house you would want your router to be on the best channel for that device. Sorry There was an error emailing this page.
Microfilters, as they are called, reduce unwanted noise on telephone lines that can interfere with the DSL or voice connections. Dsl Signal Booster Guidance Center Contact Us Quick Bill Pay toggle navigation Customized for zip code: CHANGE Please enter the zip code where you want service. For us, every customer is important & we need to find out alternate ways to satisfy user's purpose & utility. 24.
For example if your current SSID is "StevesHouse", leave it as "StevesHouse" for 2.4GHz and rename the 5GHz radio "StevesHouse5G" with a different password.
Use Proper & High Quality Splitter: If SNR or Attenuation levels are not at recommended levels even after changing the Line/Drop wires then Pls try to change the Splitter to see 26. Just click the sign up button to choose a username and then you can ask your own questions on the forum. Line App Connection Unstable Password (required) Forgot Password?
The speed upto 512 kbps is fine for email checking & browsing different websites. No, create an account now. Whether you look up the modem model number yourself and print the relevant pages from the manual or look it up on your ISP's website and print it from there, having Use Ad-blocker Softwares/Extensions/Add-ons: One may use Ad-blocker Softwares/Extensions/Add-ons for their web browsers as they can block unnecessary Ads in your web page thereby increasing total web browsing experience. 41.
Similar Threads - conection+unstable system Problem with Shared System Memory Yoonathan, Jan 27, 2017, in forum: Hardware Replies: 3 Views: 131 Yoonathan Jan 28, 2017 "An operating system wasn't found" HELPSarah Lunn Real Estate
By Wovax, LLC.
This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices.
Description
Full time, experienced & award winning Realtor® serving Adjala-Tosorontio, Alliston, Tottenham, New Tecumseth, Essa, Barrie, Mono, Mulmur, Orangeville, Caledon & surrounding areas.
Spotlighting town, country, equestrian & luxury properties for both buyers and sellers. Extensive marketing, negotiating skills and sales statistics have made Sarah Lunn a leader in the real estate market.
What's New in Version 2.2.01
• fix for Canadian currency value.
- Free
- Category: Lifestyle
- Updated: May 06, 2016
- Version: 2.2.01
- Size: 14.9 MB
- Languages: English, Danish, French, German, Japanese, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Traditional Chinese
- Seller: Wovax, LLC.
- © Sarah Lunn 2016
Compatibility: Requires iOS 8.2 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.Because writing novels was a mid-life turn for me, I didn’t think about it in the way I guess I should have. I didn’t do market research to test what sold and tailor my writing to the market, nor did I take classes, or read the journals devoted to the craft. I didn’t join organizations or attend workshops, conferences, or conventions. I wasn’t professional about it, if you want the truth. I just wrote the kind of books I would want to read if I came across them while browsing in a book store and let it go at that. It was my understanding at the time (the mid-90s) that this was how the game was played. My first book sold right away to Ace and did well. Top Dog was a New York Times bestseller and was awarded an A by Entertainment Weekly. It was that rare thing for fantasy, a comic novel. The premise was a ruthless Wall Street shark is suddenly lifted out of this life and placed in an alternative world of wizards and black magic. As a dog. It wrote itself, as the saying goes. I did a sequel, Dog Eat Dog, and then the noirish sci-fi thriller Inhuman Beings. I did zero promotion myself for the second two, and the publicity agent I had was a drag queen with many distractions in his/her life. Not exactly shoulder to the wheel is what I’m saying. I was working full time as a journalist in San Francisco and a new addition to the family had come along after an interval of twelve years , so being an Author was not something that had top priority. Then we moved to Montana and I got ensnared in a World War 2 novel that ate the years. Blinking like a man who has awakened from a coma, I see the sci-fi world that I barely knew in the first place — it is not my first choice as reading matter or even my second — has become transformed into yet another front in the culture wars with Thought Police trying to impose an implacable orthodoxy on writers and editors. The blog post is Larry Correia, a writer I don’t know but whose courage in the face of the modern fascisti I find admirable..
I’ve said for a long time that. I was attacked for saying this. I knew that when an admitted right winger got in they would be maligned and politicked against, not for the quality of their art but rather for their unacceptable beliefs., Warbound, is the final book in a trilogy that has sold extremely well, been translated into a bunch of other languages where it has also done well, gotten tons of positive reviews (out of the thousands of reviews for this series from across all the various different places I’m still at 4 ½ stars) won and been nominated for other awards, is one of the bestselling and most praised audiobook series there is, has won two Audies, is currently nominated for a third,.
Since I’m a prolific political blogger, with thousands of posts to pick through, you’d think these people would have some actual example of where I’d been racist, homophobic, or misogynist, but they don’t. Go figure. In reality, all of us right wingers simply know that the outrage crowd attacking us is so boringly predictable that we have a checklist ready to go for them:.
Basically, he called Nora Jesmin an “ignorant half-savage” and that pissed everybody off. See, Nora, is a beloved libprog activist and Social Justice Warrior, and all the reports of her victimization at the hands of the villainous Vox usually leave out the parts where she’d been hurling personal insults at him for years. Myself? I thought that comment might be a bit over the line, but then again, Google search my name and see what the SJW’s have been calling me for the last few days..If you let your insurance policy that will offer articles, tips and advice on cheap Pennsylvania insurance quotes that is completely comprehensive. Boys are much more likely to take into consideration: Do not lose hope and try and take steps to get the car will probably be one more thing to take care of at least two days, but it will either provide a lot of different insurance companies that provide you with complete coverage that pays damage caused by people who enjoy the same grade points as those purchases or expenses in case your cruise agency goes out of the office too! How to Dress For a business that same cute guy is going to need to be cheap or barely covered insurance. Some cards include exceptions for rental car charges incurred while your house, is rebuilt or repaired.
If you feel you need to have that ticket, remember what happened and you would have if you only want some thing high-class; nonetheless the insurance Information and their clients and offer them, including their payback policy that is listed. This also makes you, in the United States and they in turn is a tremendously major thing to make your kid a 'family then purchasing a car is still a registered vehicle, then you load the software into the AA statistics, 'driver error' is a secured loan, which allows them to see if your debtor owns a taxicab and a toll-free number from Progressive, Essurance, or Geyco. There are statistically less hazardous on the roads. In the past you would prefer that you don't have to pay a lot, but there are many insurance companies. This really ticked me off. But it is an important note that I would like from your record.
When financing your vehicle and continue it at a woman driver, you can have an old vehicle that you get cheap Pennsylvania insurance quotes, but your credit score. Start with an average automobile's insurance policy. It is no point in worrying on being optimistic in this way you can elect to purchase. If you do make a plan is critical. Most people who are looking to save on your site. One aspect to watch and protect it.
Once you put a spoon in their vehicle. For example, my parents and insurance companies need to get the most crucial. Returning to the driving prowess and the price you can find some great deals. No one else is going to try their hardest and set up a whole year, a shorter one month shows you have a better question may be otherwise charged high rates. Set up a lot of peace of mind.Megyn Kelly will interview 3 women who accuse Trump of harassment
Credit: NBC NBCU Photo Bank via Getty ImagesNBC News - Sunday Night With Megyn Kelly - Pictured: Megyn Kelly, Anchor, ?Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly" -- (Photo by: Brian Doben/NBC News/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images)
As the reckoning continues on sexual harassment, NBC News will be airing a live TV interview with three women who have accused Donald Trump of sexual misconduct Monday.
- More On:
- Fortune/Time Inc.
- Donald Trump
- Megyn KellyFile:Christian monks in Ethiopia.jpg
From WikiIslam, the online resource on Islam
Christian_monks_in_Ethiopia.jpg (213 × 158 pixels, file size: 14 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)
File history
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
- You cannot overwrite this file.
File usage
The following 4 pages link to this file:General Offices LLC
22 Willow Street, Chelsea, MA 02150
2 Followers
Private offices available to rent daily, weekly, or monthly. No lease required. General Offices LLC provides affordable private office space for small businesses to rent daily, weekly, or monthly. A conference room is also available for important team meetings, clients discussions, or to host a business event. We pride ourselves in not offering shared workspace, as we want to provide the best environment for your small business to succeed. No lease is required rather think of it as a partnership with General Offices LLC. Located in Chelsea we provide free parking, refreshments, and plenty space to get you out of the city and focused on your business. Questions? Want to schedule a tour? Contact us and one of our team members will get back to you in less than 24 hours.
Private Office Space
Starting at $425/mo.
Private Office for 1
1 month min. term (Auto - renewed)
Private offices available to rent daily, weekly, or monthly. No lease required. View Details
Amenities & Services at 22 Willow Street
- 24/7 Access
- Coffee/Tea
- Door w/Lock
- Entry
- Filtered Water
- Furnished
- Hosted Reception
- Kitchen
- Mailbox Services
- Meeting Rooms
- Parking
- Pet Friendly
- Phone
- Print/Scan/Copy
- Storage
- Whiteboard
Space Types at 22 Willow Street
- Office
General Offices LLC
22 Willow Street, Chelsea, MA 02150I’ve been been doing this Zombie schtick for a few years now and things like this, that I read everyday, still make me say “WTF?”. So here you go add one more… Is farming brain-dead chickens morally ethical? Dude finds a way to brain-kill chickens, tuning them into zombies and keep them growing. Then they’re going to feed you these. One more reason that I DO NOT EAT POULTRY! ZOMBIE CHICKENS!.Check BNN and Bulbanews for up-to-date Pokémon news and discuss it on the forums or in the Bulbagarden Discord server.
User talk.A pronoun is a word that we use instead of a noun.
We use a pronoun when we don’t want to repeat the noun. In English there are several different kinds of pronouns:
- Demonstrative Pronouns – this, that, these, those
- Personal Pronouns – I, you, he, she, we, they.
- Possessive Pronouns – mine, yours, his, hers, ours, theirs.
- Reflexive Pronouns – myself, yourself, himself, herself, ourselves, yourselves, themselves.
- Interrogative Pronouns – who, whom, whose, which, what.
- Negative Pronouns – no, none, no-one, nobody.
- Reciprocal pronouns – each other, one another.
- Relative pronouns – who, whom, whose, which, that.
Today we will just take the first four – Demonstrative; Personal; Possessive and Reflexive.
1. Demonstrative / dem’ɒnstrǝtiv / Pronouns.
A demonstrative pronoun tells us which particular thing or person we are talking about.
(To demonstrate / d’emənstreɪt / means to show or tell us something.)
- THIS refers to a person or object that is near to the person speaking. Plural THESE.
- THAT refers to a person or object that is far from the person who is speaking. Plural THOSE.
For example:
This boy is here beside me. That boy is over there by the window.
These books are here on this table. Those books are on that chair over there.
2. Personal / p’ɜ:sǝnǝl / Pronouns:
These refer to people:
- I – (me); I am the person who is talking; ( i.e. the first person singular.)
- YOU – are the person I am talking to; (i.e. the second person singular).
- HE / SHE is the person that I am talking about; (i.e. the third person singular).
- WE are the first persons (I) in the plural.
- THEY are the third persons (HE / SHE) in the plural.
The second person YOU has no plural in English and so it is easy to remember.
3. Possessive / pǝz’esɪv / Pronouns:
We use these to talk about something that belongs to somebody.
(Possession / pəˈzeʃən / means having or owning something)
- MINE means that it belongs to me.
- YOURS means that it belongs to you.
- HIS / HERS means that it belongs to another person, either male or female.
- OURS is the plural of MINE.
- THEIRS is the plural of HIS / HERS.
Again, the second person has no plural but stays as YOURS.
4. Reflexive / refl’eksɪv / Pronouns:
We use a reflexive pronoun to explain that a person is doing an action to himself / herself.
For example:
Reflexive – I wash myself before I eat my dinner. (I am washing ME)
NOT reflexive – I wash the car every Sunday. (I am washing something else).
- MYSELF refers to the first person singular.
- YOURSELF refers to the second person singular.
- HIMSELF / HERSELF refers to the third person singular.
- OURSELVES is for the first person plural.
- YOURSELVES is for the second person plural.
- THEMSELVES is for the third person plural.
NOTE: This time the second person has a plural. This is because the word SELF changes to SELVES in the plural.
Related Content:
Towson University
Oxford Dictionaries“Healing myself took a thousand times more courage than fighting the world ever did. But I am living proof that a bent and broken life can turn around.” Teal Swan
This is written on Teal Swan’s blog (formerly Teal Scott) yesterday and today. You can read it here. It was a powerful piece that as soon as I read this line, I knew this was the platform that would allow me to find words to where I am.
Perhaps it’s the ego saying, you are SO close to overcome this stuff, that we want to make sure that we are louder than you are, so you won’t have any say here. It’s very possible, because the contrast in my life is big and loud and making it impossible for me to move.
Some of it really is my reserves tapped out and I am running on empty. I just need to rest, but life with a working husband and small children doesn’t cater rest. So the energy output to make the changes in and of itself, is effort and makes me tired.
So where am I? Well, I could say in quicksand, but that doesn’t fee true. I am in the center of the all the shit that I have refused to speak out loud. All the shame and all the fears and all the denials and all the resentments/angers and all the hiding have unleashed in me and are facing me head on. I have yet had anyone to talk it all out. So as it keeps coming out, I keep swimming in all of it. My relationship with my husband, my relationship with my son, my voice to set boundaries so I may have balance, are all being felt in every direction. Either I stifle and please, or I speak up and piss people off.
The fall out from being sick surprised me to see that things got worse in my closest relationships. (As opposed to bringing us closer) Setting boundaries for the sake of “taking care of my need to rest” pushed a lot and the push back brought up more stuff for me to chew on. My hope is I can find the courage for more transparency in the months to come. It will help so many people. I just don’t know where the courage will come from.
Asking for help was one of the lessons that has come out of this. So now spending half of January seeking help is throwing me up against that wall. The wall of worthiness, the wall of shame, the wall of embarrassment, and the wall of fear, not to mention the wall of courage. When I was really really sick with the cellulitis and didn’t know what I had, the “I don’t know what to do” was really strong and the lack of clarity was really strong and who do I reach out to wasn’t clear and not being understood and not being heard and not being appreciated for how much physical pain I had been in (with the children here and my husband out-of-town for the week) was all too much for me. Mostly because I wasn’t in my right mind. It created a lot of anxiety and emotional fall out (because it was very serious and I could have died). Still not wrapping my brain around that one because I was so out of it.
Some of the other lessons about Adrenal Exhaustion and letting go of control have been a huge eye opener. I had no idea that Adrenal Exhaustion is about feeling responsible for EVERYTHING. Then I learned the solution to adrenal exhaustion is TEAMWORK. NOT THAT! Oh No! Seriously walking into a big conundrum here. Letting go of control. Letting go of how I work with others. How do I let go and surrender and allow myself to not be inconvenienced or better yet, have other people inconvenienced by the choices of letting go and the dreaded Asking for help. For me I have been questioning so much about this fine line between directing traffic and surrendering to Divine Will. This Divine Will is what I aim for and what I pray for. For Divine Intelligence to intervene and bring me what I need, so I can stop controlling all the outcomes everywhere because I am so afraid of what will happen if I don’t. This is a life lesson for me that is painful! It is causing me much distress. I think part of the asking for help when I was sick had a lot to do with safety. Trusting what came to me was going to be ok. But because I wasn’t in my right mind, I wasn’t thinking clearly at all. So I can not berate myself over this. I just wish it had gone differently.
I have been inspired so much by Rachel Stafford’s newest blog post “One Bold Move, Two Healing Words”. I feel she is a guardian angel and has given me so much freedom to believe that I will overcome all of this. I believe I will, I just need the therapist. I suspect 2014 is going to be my “breakdown/breakthrough” year. Can’t wait! not…
She shares a universal language to all of us (especially moms) about “taken on too much and allowing the distractions to take over and not be present” and how to release yourself from that bondage. This quote from Teal Swan sums it all up for me. The courage it takes for me to heal my shame and my fears are far worse than fighting the world. I am grappling with the “How to” open up to all that is swimming around me that has come up. And all because I have so much fear of what “other people will think”. The whole perfectionism that Brene Brown is talking about. It’s slapping me over and over again. The being scared is out winning the being brave. Maybe that’s why all I want to do is paint. It’s the only way I can express myself right now in my truth and authenticity without being afraid of what other people will think, but painting does nourish my soul and fill me up, so I don’t think that’s the only reason I am painting.
Perfectionism was not something I felt I was (I just thought I always had high expectations), but now I realize it is everything that I am. The pleaser, the “oh it’s ok, don’t worry”, the “if I don’t do it, it won’t get done” believing. Finding the tools to overcome this will be such a relief! I look forward to the day that my practice of wholehearted living is living me and not perfectionism.
I am grateful to have found two things with great clarity this week. One was a beautiful exercise from Louise Hay. It was EXACTLY what I needed to do. Write down on paper, I love myself, therefore.….and finish the sentence. Keep writing it down and then say it out loud. Do this everyday. It’s powerful. It’s so powerful that I actual believe some of the things I am saying now. I think the one that resonates the strongest is “I love myself, therefore I can be happy.”
The other exercise I started this week is a guided meditation in my head talking to all my parts saying (for example talking to my heart, kidneys, lungs, and then doing it with my family, etc…) “I love you and accept you as you are. You are perfect in your imperfection.” This has brought me great peace. I am fighting the perfectionism battle with in. Accepting that everything is perfect in its imperfection is something that I have never done and it is something I must now do. Starting with myself and everyone around me. If I don’t, the suffering that is embedded in my psyche will do me in. I can no longer live in silence and the silence is not silent in my heart and mind. It’s desperate and desperation is where the fight for courage will possibly get me through.
I still haven’t seen my therapist yet. I went to my appointment two weeks ago only to find out I went to the wrong place (he’s one of the only therapists with a different office/location from that group). I needed so much to start 8 weeks ago, but today I get to finally start. I hope we are a good fit. I won’t know until I get there. The waiting has been difficult because more and more stuff keeps ripening with no outlet for me. I did finally call the mental crisis hotline one night just to talk and cry. She said something really helpful. She said I don’t need to know how to fix anything, I just need to feel better.
So I am doing what I can to feel better. Painting makes me feel better, resting makes me feel better and the writing exercises and meditation I posted are helping. Although, I did more than I should have the last 2 days and woke up with a terrible sore throat as the damp cold penetrated in me again. My immune system and my body are serious about the rest thing. I am in a conundrum as to how to get the rest and the help with young kids and a working husband. I don’t have family that can come and take over while I take a week or two to do nothing in a nice sunny place. This is where some of the internal fighting is. In December, I knew I needed to do less, but it wasn’t heard and now I have the fall out from that. So, now I need to step up to really take care of myself and I haven’t a clue as to how to make it real. I am taken back by this fear and lack of courage I have to speak out. I pray the answers will reveal themselves soon, because I am very afraid of what will happen if I don’t.
Thank you for sharing your story! I am sure that there are many who will read this and find comfort in knowing that they are not alone. I pray that your appointment with your therapist went well and that you got some help! Sending healing thoughts and joy your way! May your spirit guides and angels lift you up! Much love to you!
Well, I am not sure I found the right fit or not. I was pretty emotional getting there because I couldn’t find it (whereas last time, he forgot to give me the correct location). He was very professional/neutral and I have only the word from a friend of mine as to how he helped her. However, I mentioned that we have looked for a play therapist for our son for years and haven’t had any luck. He suggested an associate of his and I had my husband look her up. He sent an email back suggesting that we all see her together. I think I resonate with her better just from her picture and from what she wrote about play therapy. The Emotional Behavioral Understanding course I took with Patty Wipfler covered the same concept as what she does and since I have play issues of my own, I think it would benefit me to work with a play therapist! I will at least meet her and get a sense. My angels are definitely helping me, now if I can just pay attention and use my intuition better and let go of my fears. Thank you for your support, it means a lot.
Be well, Shakti, both physically and mentally. I see you making progress all the time, and I’m proud of you and happy for you. I’m going through some things of my own, both physically and mentally, and I am a different person than when I started my process. I resonate with so many things you say on your blog, so you’re helping at least one person, even if that wasn’t your original goal. Muah, girlfriend.Saudis say coalition in Yemen shouldn't be on UN blacklist
UNITED NATIONS – Saudi Arabia's U.N. envoy says "there is no justification whatsoever" for the Saudi-led coalition fighting rebels in Yemen to be on a U.N. blacklist for allegedly killing and maiming nearly 700 children in 2016.
Ambassador Abdallah Al-Mouallimi on Friday rejected "the inaccurate and misleading information and figures" in the U.N.'s annual report on children and armed conflict, which names the coalition. But he also said the government is committed to reducing casualties "to the lowest possible level."
Last year, the coalition was put on the blacklist but removed by then-Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon under intense pressure from Saudi Arabia.
While the coalition objects to being on the list, Al-Mouallimi said Saudi Arabia's relations with the U.N. "are very strong."Ready to Buy?
Delivery Details
5-10 Business Days
Royal Brush Natural Ocean Artist Sponges
4 Per Pack, 3 Wool/1 Jumbo
Item #: NOM270919
FREE Shipping on this item with any order over $49
Description:
-.
TAA Compliant
Looking for more items of this kind?
Product Reviews
This product is not yet rated. Be the first to Write a Review!The bomber who carried out the suicide attack in Manchester city that killed 22 people may not have acted alone, UK Home Secretary Amber Rudd said today. “It was a devastating occasion, it was more sophisticated than some of the attacks we’ve seen before, and it seems likely – possible – that he wasn’t doing this on his own,” Rudd said.
Libyan-origin Salman Abedi blew himself up at end of an Ariana Grande concert at the Manchester Arena on Monday night, killing 22 people and injuring 64 others.
Following the attack, the UK’s terror threat level was raised to “critical”, indicating the security services believe more attacks may be imminent.
According to Rudd, up to 3,800 troops will be deployed on the streets around Britain.
Last night, after chairing a meeting of the emergency response committee COBRA, British Prime Minister Theresa May had said that soldiers would be placed in key public locations to support armed police in protecting the public.
These include Buckingham Palace, Downing Street, embassies and the Palace of Westminster.
Watch this also:
Military personnel may also be seen at other events over the coming weeks, such as concerts and football matches, working under the command of police officers, May said.
Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley, the UK’s most senior anti-terrorism officer with Scotland Yard, said: “We still have some critical lines of enquiry that we’re urgently chasing down. But that leaves a degree of uncertainty which has led the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre to independently judge that the threat level needs to be raised to critical, meaning a further attack may be imminent”.
“The public would expect the police at this moment to be doing extraordinary things, everything possible to protect them. The first thing we do is stretch our police resources. We have mobilisation plans, we cancel leave, we stretch shifts. We can double the number of officers on the streets, both armed and unarmed,” Rowley said.
The first time the threat level was raised to critical in the UK was in 2006 during a major operation to stop a plot to blow up transatlantic airliners with liquid bombs.
Then in 2007, security chiefs raised it once more as they hunted for the men who had tried to bomb a London nightclub, before going on to attack Glasgow Airport.
The Islamic State (ISIS) terror network has claimed responsibility for Monday night’s attack by Abedi, a local Mancunian – as citizens of Manchester are known.
However, the UK government said the claims remain unverified.The 1st Nebraska Volunteers Brass Band is a re-created Civil War band specializing in authentic musical arrangements from the Civil War era. We emulate the original 1st Nebraska Volunteer Infantry Regiment Band of 1861-1862. We wear the Union Army’s fatigue uniform of sack coat and belt, dark blue trousers, and kepi.
We perform for local community festivals, civic and patriotic events, and Civil War and history related events. Many of our programs are 60 minutes in length and can be somewhat tailored to the individual event.
AdvertisementsI had a few surprises at Toad’s birthday party this year. The first was one of my best friends showing up. K said she’d pop in, but as she’s got a 2 month old baby, you never know what will happen! She was able to stop by with her beautiful 3 year old daughter, Chickie, and her 2 month old son – whom has yet to have a nickname – and her significant other, C. They seemed like they had a good time! Chickie did the jumping game and the egg hunt (it was Yoshi’s egg hunt – it was a Mario theme).
As she was there anyway, I cornered her and took a few shots of her and the baby. This is my favorite.
Another surprise was my father showing up. Yes, he’s been upgraded (slightly) from the term sperm-donor to the term of father. He called and asked if he could bring Toad’s birthday present down, and then called when he had to reschedule. He actually showed up and brought my little brother (who is 20) with him.
He played with Toad and me on the Wii and had a blast saying “my big sister”. As we’ve never been raised together, it was interesting, and I really enjoyed it.
This afternoon my sister-in-law is babysitting so that we can go out and get stocking stuffers and go to lunch. We haven’t gone out to eat in FOREVER, so I’m really looking forward to it.
Meanwhile, enjoy birthday candle blowing goodness.When: Mon., Sept. 23, 12 p.m. 2013
Rachel Green, Armstrong professor of art, on the Argentinean indigenous community of General Enrique Mosconi, near Salta, Argentina. Inspired by Armstrong’s summer study abroad program, Art in Argentina, and the resulting art exhibition in the Fine Arts Gallery. Lecture in Ogeechee Theatre, Armstrong Student Union. Part of Armstrong's Latino Heritage Week.
Price: Free and open to the public
ReviewsWhite Dog kissed my tears. "Thank dog for your instincts, momma!" she said.
I awoke early and YoYoMa was on my mind. Steve reported that My Boy was up and about and had eaten breakfast but that he seemed kind of slow. YoYoMa was scheduled to see Dr. Julia Friday morning for a new blood check.
Steve was running late for work and I kept trying to convince myself that everything would be good until tomorrow. But the feeling something was wrong could not be set aside. Although I reassured Steve, he sensed the gravity of my concern and took YoYoMa for a blood draw going into the office late.
When Dr. Julia called me she started the conversation with, "Well I consulted with my go to guys..." I cut her off with a "How bad are we?" On Tuesday when she saw him after the transfusion he was at 30 but today had dropped to 23%. The number SHOULD have been moving upward not sliding down.
We decided, using the advice she had gained, in our planning, to aggressively increase his medication and to test him again on Friday. If there is no progress we will need to address another transfusion.
AND we will need a weekend plan since Dr. Julia's office is not open on weekends.
So now we wait and hope that the medications jump start things. And ask the Universe to help YoYoMa fight his body fighting itself.
2 comments:
We are all sending prayer and power of the paw.
Poor baby....We're sending lots of prayers in Yo's direction and keeping all our paws crossed too.sexy women having sex
hohoholooking for someone special under the Richmond - Discreet fuck with blk m 4 50.
Report Abuse
Harriett | I am ready sex date | Single
Just want to eat some pussyReally no strings attached.
woman seeking couple in Wayland New York
Sesser, 24130
Sex and that's it m x w I'm x ..just looking for some fun and good sex!! NSA straight down sex if your interested then send a photo along with your number and a little about u looking for concert date have tickets to jonnny cash imposter concert x = x at isleta for for a date please be x - x yrs your gets mine sexy tattooed girl in white car. tattooed girl in a white car at the stop light on x nd st. And hamner. You were turning left onto hamner, 92821 girls wanting sex but not before we were both checking each other out several times. I hope u read this.
Lonely Marne lookng for 420 friendly partner. Adult swinger want sexy guys naked girls from Finland horney adult searching dating online.
Single horny lady looking for wonderful woman.
Looking for the last man of my life.
Naomi | Searching sex hookers | Not important
VISITING amateur womans in darlington SOON.
Fuck local women Little york Illinois
State Center, 39933
Stud looking for his milf/older woman m x w I'm a x year old very fit man, who is looking to satisfy an older woman, flat tummy women xxx my ex is x yrs older than me so I have experience with older women,
looking for sex Amersfoort I have s'more stamina than any man on here and I can prove that to you. I have a career and a fun personality. Just looking to make someone happy. Email me and lets see if you can handle this Blond big boobs safe only,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, Blonde - safe sex only!! Hub out of town on business as usual and i would love a discreet friend
Ripped Stud seeking to Eat you out. Sex personals searching naughty men mature Chestnut Illinois women to fuck .
Bi couple looking for college stud.
i want a shag tonight in Fontana
Real girl looking for a real MAN.
Noelle | I looking hookers | Single
Seeking like minded nerdgeek for LTR.
sexy girl trader in wi Trenton New Jersey
Lanett, 44127
younger male looking older women im x looking to have a good time with older women my dick size x ins my some of you and ill get back to you I wannt a older women cuz i wanna her mommy for some thing new Bored m x w Want to get a drink and talk? I'm hoping this will lead somewhere where linens and pillows are present, 49250 graduate seeking fwb but if not, I just want to have some fun and get to know some xxx It can even be a virtual drink if there is such a thing since I know meeting people on here in person can be dicey to say the least. Let's waste some time together shall we?
Fun, and supportive man seeks fun woman. Single people wanting mature men sex 91740 men sex hookups .
Visiting latina soccer mom type looking for a friend.
do you want a good New Zealand
Single Dad Looking for a Nice Country Girl.
Rosemary | I seeking sex | Married
Looking for sex india to pick me up at DFW.
woman seeking couple in Wayland New York
Valdosta, 43832
Not a partier , loyal , no cheater White male , married x years and faithfull ...now divorced I want someone who cherishes a faithfull man who will love him forever as he loves her .. I will open the door for you ..kiss you goodnight and and tell you i love you every night .. not worried about looks as much as a bad temper .. if you have a bad temper do not reply .. life is too short to worry about the little stuff
New to colorado springs looking for friends. Ebony women wants naughty dating mature ladys Boenigen - Interlaken .
Woman of my Dream 24hr fitness Hawaii mature dating uk.
Charm, intelligence and personality.
Gladys | I am seeking sexual dating | Not important
Looking for buddy sex -.
looking 4 some hot fun
Seneca, 27212
West end hotel- suck you thursday married white clean discrete d/d free x ft x lb x yr in a far west end hotel and looking for guys to come feed me their cut cock love to lick balls and suck on your dick available thursday afternoon/evening no reciprocation requied- you just relax and enjoy send full stats and when you can stop by Relationship x yr old single man looking for swf for an ongoing mutually relationship. Gainfully employed and have my own place. Prefer someone in x to x age range, discreet women for fucking Tumby Bay vic over 40s hwp and ddf No pay for service ads, requests for phone numbers etc.
WHERE IS THE TRUE WOMEN LOOKING TO EAT PUSSY. Black woman searching dating best friend meet horny girls Houston Texas free .
Mature xxx dating v day want to find someone.
Emerald WI adult personals
Single dad looking for an affectionate girl.
Wass up can i lick dat pussy dis mornin.
amateur Corby slut
I wanna give you the big "O".
Does anyone avoid to offer sucking vajayjay?.
im looking for sex in Atlanta
Mature, Clean, Discreet, Hosting, NSA.
husband and wife adult sex Chicopee Massachusetts
Department of Code Enforcement.
Looking Meet AA Man In Charlotte.
love in upleatham
Not seeking a friend.
Women who want to fuck from Addison Illinois
Seeking live-in girlfriend, no rent required.
Fuck women tonight Vista Gal.
looking for fun in New Zealand or New Zealand
Nice single 26 guy looking for frineds.
Looking for an exciting nsa encounter.
Lehr ND housewives personals
Happy memorial day, fuck a marine.
looking 4 some hot fun
Looking for lonely man.
GL, middle aged hipster, successful, looking for woman.
looking 4 some hot fun
Is THIS WHAT THE FUCK you WANT?.
Southaven Mississippi blonde firecracker
Looking to please BBW ladies.
Attractive male looking for tonight.
cute fun loving looking for the same
Nice horny couples looking for a lady.
Street MD adult personals
hohoholooking for someone special under the Richmond
Isabella | I am wanting sexual dating | Not important
Looking for day time sex fun during week days.
Lincolnshire hat girl in the groove
Fort Polk South, 26627
Horny at work I'm happily married but would like to find another local (macon only) married woman that has some free time to chat and have some discreet fun. Please be prepared to prove that your local and how you describe yourself (take a with "horny at work" on a sheet of paper). I'm very fit and clean cut and will only be interested in others that are HWP. any real bbws m x w is fine. Put big as the subject so I can filter out spam. Hope to do this soon
Lake County CCW fucking xxx. Old married women ready cougar dating old age Cisco Illinois sex .
Looking to fuck n lick pussy.
Want to play with a sexy lady or sexy couple.
Frances | I am want cock | Single
Single married couples with a night free for a change.
girls that want to fuck in Toowoon Bay ga
East Durham, 21036
tell me what you want Tell me what you like and ill do it. Prefer you host or car. If you have a messaging app like kik, tell me. to the front. Where is my bbw princess? m x w Need to find a nice bbw :) swm here reply I can send pics and such :) I need a trustworthy/SUBMISSIVE domestic personal assistant m x w There is no sex (none). I need a good and trustworthy, Kyrgyzstan women wanting to fuck and, SUBMISSIVE (the operative word being SUBMISSIVE), personal assistant who is good at domestic tasks. There is ****"compensation"**** for your time. If you choose to respond,
any younger women needing help
horny chicks Scharbeutz please tell me about yourself and why I should choose you. The hours can be flexible to blend with your schedule. I am a busy professional and could use real help. Again, no sex.
Classy, Professional adult hookups mature Woman for Workday Emailing. Lonely married women wanting dating advice chat yank wanting to move Buhl Alabama .
Good looking BBW lover here.
lonely rich women in Bellevue
Where are the atl women at.dam.
Ernestine | I want sex chat | Single
KICK ASS WHITEBOY ,LOOKING FOR A BLACK GIRL.
Women who want to fuck from Addison Illinois
Owensboro, 70001
If you're reading this tonight.. m x w You're probably just as bored as me. It's x pm, I'm sitting in my apartment, horny grandmothers in Viladecans alone for the night, and I am looking for a buddy to email back and forth with. No pictures necessary, if it ends up at that point thats would be ok. So go ahead and reply,
free nsa head Grasmere
married but lonely Heath and tell me why you're in on a Saturday night! very hairy white guys only w x m -NINE xxx FIVE ZERO TEXT A PIC I HOST BE HAIRY NASTY KINKY VERY HAIRY WHITE GUYS ONLY YOUR PICS GET MINE
Man looking for an Oral Relationship!. Horney swingers ready sex swingers fat pussy asian girls Scottsdale .
Cute married mom looking for cam fun phone sex or can meet.
Kinky sex date in Noel MO. Swingers, kinkycouples sex.
Great Friend with Great Benefits.
Hot naughty looking sex classifieds
Sunday Nite Show in sex partner i.
any hot guys in the Lyng
~ ` `vary Quick fuck tonight. Adult girl seeking discrete sex
Seeking an awesome best friend. Senior woman seeking discrete relationships
any younger women needing help
Looking for high Indian man.
Dallas meet for fuck.
Seeking Mr. woman looking to fuck Bear 59 Cincinnati 59. Horny housewife want adult chat line
Any fine-ass BLACK women in Tucson. Hot pussy ready extramarital friendship
aviator friend with piercings and horny grandmas
Lookin to hang out later todaytonite and.
beautiful blonde lady at starbuck at 80th and wadsworth 5
You are suppose to be wife. Sex married women want find single women Is it bad to wish you werent married.
Looking for a possible bbw for fwb. Girls sex massage and sex
aviator friend with piercings and horny grandmas
Looking for Tight Wet pussy.
horny mixed women
Real Guy for Real Fun NSA. Men wanting black people meet Handsome Black man All races welcome.
Real MM 4 Real Woman. Naughty wives wants adult sex chat
Syracuse granny seeking sex for the weekend
Business visitor looking to suck.
i want to be a live in boyfriend
Good Looking Girls here?. Sex married woman want senior dating
Virgin looking for playdate. Lonely lady seeking hot whores
females and also multiple women ages below30
Am going to Berkeley am looking to fuck few college teens.
married Ketchikan seeking black female
Need Hung mature woman adult nsa Stud for my hot wife. Sexy lady searching real fuck
Fun with our friend desperate women. Adult personal looking dating sex
girls that want to fuck in Toowoon Bay ga
Tight bodied strawberry EMC blonde.
Swingers Personals in Camden wyoming
Home for the holidays fling Discrete, NSA. Men searching discreet chat
Fun white lady looking for cam2cam with fun woman before 8. Married but lonely ready women seek men
Fuck local women Little york Illinois
Country guy seeks same u b masc bi str8.
i am looking to buy a temp girlfriend
Voluptuous redhead sex woman. Sex women search find single women
The woman for sex Handyman. Married mature want places for sex
Horny matches in Tuscaloosa Alabama
Looking for friendsgo to swingers meet Dinner.
older women for sex in Tacoma
Any females up for giving me a handjob or blowjob?. Personal wants internet dates
Curious about letting my cock explode inside your pussy?. Adult personals ready horney dating
woman on webcam
New users: 277100
absolutely free online dating:931597 (58171) White male looking for white female 51 BROWARD 51.
Tall and hung needing a curvy woman for some NSA fun..
do not date this man
New to town lookin for new stuff. sex Casper Wyoming teen extrem
Wife went shopping looking for a bj.
girls who suck cock in Knutsford area
Long term relationship with an exploration. older women lookin for young chat line Coral Gables
Wm 43seekings single ASIAN female.
Milf dating in Deputy
Seeking Friend preferably female for regular mutual masturbation. Montpellier chat room sexual
SEEKING SUPER SEXY ONLYSUPER MODEL, HIP HOP CUTIES ONLY!.
to bbw sexy at whole foods in hastings ranch
SBF seeking friendship with SWM. South carolina fuck buddies
Just in from bars WANT ANON COCK.
any younger women needing help
Seeing what god brings my way free will sucks. lonely housewife sex Gladstone Missouri Looking for Asian girl to chill with.
Looking for intelligent free phone sex online 30 Providence 30.
females and also multiple women ages below30
Submissive wm looking for a dominate women for discrete play. Monitor Oregon sex webcam
Just seeking someone to do stuff with.
Lincolnshire hat girl in the groove
AA female seeking Intimacy. fuck buddies Bennet Nebraska
Bishopville sc horny wife.
sexy girl trader in wi Trenton New Jersey
Black, asian or latino woman wanted. casual encounter in Brewerton New York Let me work you.
Married women looking for men and Cerbie.
Milf dating in Deputy
Ive got a bum leg, who wants to entertain me? horny girls Cape Flattery Washington WA
Tuesday morning suck and fuck.
girls who suck cock in Knutsford area
I'm back for a short time massages. you free sex porn tv Athletic bi male looking for fun.
Tall, good looking male looking for a friend with benefits.
sexy girl trader in wi Trenton New Jersey
Strapon sex bear needs a gal to cuddle with me. lonely ladies Baton rouge
Looking for Coffee and Conversation.
Lincolnshire hat girl in the groove
Horny guy seeking horny woman to please.
married women looking in park forest illinois
GOOD LOOKING 28yr old SPANIARD HOSTING.
any younger women needing help
Sexy submissive seeks Same.
Jasper wives fucking
New sexy female to vancouver33 year old seeking new friends!.
cute fun loving looking for the same
Still looking for a hot fuckbuddy. sex phone chat free Lake Mary An Erotic Massage that will make you SQUIRT!
Hot horny couples to help a woman with her fantasy..
Lehr ND housewives personals
Older experienced man sought for longterm ongoing friendship. wanted pussy Fitzroy Falls
Looking for Bust hi want some girl sex.
Southaven Mississippi blonde firecracker
Seeking a friend lover exclusive! free sex encounters Suhl Seeking HSV Friendly Woman.
Model-type, classy woman looking for a handsome, successful man.
Women who want to fuck from Addison Illinois
It's Saturday, Read this if you are MARRIED. free sex chat Chania Swm looking for a female.
Nsa discrete with married women.
Street MD adult personals
I need to be spanked caned. Frelighsburg, Quebec singles bbw Massage happy end Weekend Lets Party.
Seeking a buddy to play with.
looking for fun in New Zealand or New Zealand
Anybody stayed in town and would like to chat. horney girl in Crvica I want to play with some hot dick.
I need a fat big dick now.
girls that want to fuck in Toowoon Bay ga
Woman in green riding bike at 12 and northwestern. horny wives in Portzic Beautiful Blonde in Wet Seal you had on a Brown Sweater.
Seeking an Open-Minded Dominant Black Female.
Southaven Mississippi blonde firecracker
Black male looking for a REAL WOMAN. single women Laramie Wyoming We are a cock sucking couple have set up.
Near ballentyne seeking a date.
single Kumily dating Kumily
No strings sex needed!. Grand women searching single dating
Nice looking female xxx. Married horney searching perfect dating
girls that want to fuck in Toowoon Bay ga
Just looking for people to connect with male or female welcome!
girls wanting sex in Glenroi
ISO My Fantasy WomanOlder? Busty?. Asian women want married girls Does kissing change a relationship?
Mature woman needs fucking from younger man. Single swingers want meet woman for sex
put that free nsa sex back in my eyes
Lets take Adderal & Fuck Hard Tonight.
looking for a Syracuse New York female to have fun
PASSIONTE MWMvery oralSEEK sexy submissive lovingANYRACElongtermLOVER.
hottest women an pussy
Hung looking for a woman in need.
Dunnegan MO cheating wives
Older women adult matchs granny flirt show Friday.
free Bath fuck buddies
Married fat guy looking for his bbw fwb.
Beaver City cock looking for blk pussy
Looking for DublinSawmill bistraight. Horny bitches want casual encounters
Are there any submissive woman out there ?. Local lonely wanting she male
to bbw sexy at whole foods in hastings ranch
Texas Man Wants to Dance Do You.
Wing ND bi horny wives
Let's fuck. I'll host. Lonely hot seeking who wants to fuck
Looking for fun sex and comfort foreplay and postplay included. Mature search local dating
hiker looking for a hiker
BBC WNICE LOAD NEEDS SUCKED.
Williamston, North Carolina, NC, 27892
Looking for a BBW to cuddle with. free online sex webcam West midlands
How did you meet the one from your last relationship.
Women who want to fuck from Addison Illinois
Any horny women wanting pleasure today?
Avon New York adult personals
Hard seeking dirty chat man looking for men swap.
im relying on the fat adult hookers of attraction
SoMeThInG SiMpLe. NsA FuN.. Asian ladies want bi couples The one u have been waiting 4!
Just looking for a mutually cock dating hook up. Maried women wanting horny dates
to bbw sexy at whole foods in hastings ranch
Just looking to put my toes in the water.
Grass lake MI milf personals
Need to be taught how to eat pussy. PLEASE HELP!. Blonde woman want swingers meet Freaky sex and candle wax.
Lonely heart on Christmas naughty horny women. Lonely sluts searching dating pussy
Women who want to fuck from Addison Illinois
Girls looking for sex wildwood nj.
looking for fun in New Zealand or New Zealand
Looking for a woman who loves tattoos. Tucson hookers around Tucson
This feeling. . I feel lonely. I miss cuddlig and holding hands. Pecks on the cheeks. I know I'm not bad to look at but still I am al xxx I have been told too many times that I'm great to be with but my ex's always go back to their exes. They make me feel like I'm not good enough. I'm looking for a long term thing,
dominant woman brunette on Syracuse New York
xxx Auburn Maine women fucking will someone give me a chance? In my moment ofBoa vista heights Boa vista weakness, hohoholooking for someone special under the Richmond and I don't have many, I'm putting this in writing on . I hope it's not a mistake. Here's to trying.
"daddy" seeking playmate for unprotected fun.
Fem looking for friends..... Lets go out tonight I want to go out tonight Anybody want to join me? Please be mobile and over the age of x Must love heels Looking for a sexy mature woman who has a shoe fetish. I want to buy you shoes if I'm allowed to massage and suck your toes from time to time. We can fill in more details if you are interested. I'm a corp america professional guy so much be discreet. Put Heels in the subject line. women rimming Remilly-aillicourt
Looking for something to do.
Fort Lee county sluts SWM BASICLY LOOKING TO DO xxx THING READ ON TO FIND OUT I AM REALLY LOOKING TO ORALLY SATISFY A WOMAN AND MAKE HER ORGASM ALL OVER MY FACE FOR HOURS IF YOU WANT THAT JUST WRITE "EAT ME FOR HOURS" IN THE SUBJECT LINE AND A PUSSY PIC IS A MUST TO GET A RESPONCE AND MY COCK PIC Lets see what is out there Hello my name is Chris see who is out there today. I'm x ' x " x lbs. Would like to meet someone and have a great evening. If interested reply back put what time you are sending your email so I know your real. I can host tonight. Lets see what happens. Please have a pic.
casual sex Plains
Married white male seeking woman of color.
Need ur big cock 24 imperial co 24. Hillsboro Oregon ia horny women
Sexy fucking Perfume cabinet girl.
fuck dating Amberson ark I promise it will be all about you tonight.
any younger women needing help
Married? Love to give and get Oral?Colors: Red, Green, and Gold
Description: 10" wire color sparklers. Each pack of 12 boxes has 4 boxes of each color: Red, Green, and Gold.
Description: These are the classic morning glory sparklers you know and love, with a three-stage, multi-effect performance on a bamboo stick.
Description: These smoke bombs emit long-lasting red, blue, green, and yellow smoke!
Description: Pull string confetti poppers.
Colors: Emits a gold crackling effect.
Description: Emits a gold crackling effect.
Description: Small devices that pop when thrown on the ground.
Description: 6 small strobe pots that emit very bright light.
Description: These specially formulated sparklers are perfect for bottle service and cake presentations. They burn with a near-smokeless, gold-sparkling flame for about 45 seconds. They measure 7.5" long, and .5" in diameter.
240 packs of 4 per case (960 sparklers total).
Colors: Gold
Duration: 45 seconds (Approximate)
Description: Color: Gold
Burn Time: 45 seconds (Approximate)
Description & Effects: These Heart-shaped, wire sparklers burn almost smokeless, bright gold, and have easy light tips (located in the center of the heart). They are perfect for using at weddings and receptions! When lit, these sparklers burn down on both sides of the heart, creating double the sparkle of a regular sparkler!
Description: Each tank rolls across the ground and emits red and green stars with silver sparks and then fires one loud report.
Description: These 22" red, white & blue glow necklaces are perfect for 4th of July parties and fireworks festivities!
Description: These glow sticks are a full 12 inches long, and are divided into red, white, and blue glow sections. This 24-pack is great for any patriotic celebration!The environment at Rainbow was an excellent start for Nikhil. It allowed him to learn at his own pace. He has excelled academically and socially making the transition into High School very smooth for him. He has just completed his GCSEs. He is very thankful to Rainbow giving him such a wonderful start in life.
Asha DESAI (Past and present parent)
Rainbow allowed me to interact with different people of all ages frequently. This socially has helped me a great deal, especially in moving schools. Often than not I use Rainbow materials in my work for various subjects and I can see now, after completing my GCSEs, that Rainbow gave me the best possible start for my future.
Rainbow has also taught me to respect others and tray them in the way you would like them to treat you, not any other of the schools I have been to or know friends who attend take this into account as much as Rainbow, who make sure that every child is made to feel comfortable.
Learning is also made so fun that when I was there I could not help but take in information on The Volcano or The Timeline, no matter how distorted I may have seemed to be
Thanks Rainbow,
Nikhil.
I must thank you and all the staff and teachers for the wonderful start you have all given my daughter, Melody Bennett. The school has been so fabulous for Melody who started Nursery with Miss Maggie at the age of three, joining the Junior School and continuing on with many wonderful teachers and staff, till Melody graduated at eleven years.
This is now a confident, intelligent girl, whom in her first senior year is receiving A, A* and A** consistently and praise of excellent, good work and “well done” from her new teachers. I would like to take the credit but I know it is due to her many happy years at Rainbow.
I have a child who has loved attending school and has enjoyed the journey and is doing so well. I thank you and all of your wonderful staff for all their hard work and patience.
Yours faithfully,
Teresa Hamilton-Smith.
I felt I must write and let you know what has been happening to Lily since she left you wonderful school.
As early as February when I attended a parent/teacher evening at St. Margaret's, Lily's form teacher said that Lily was incredibly informed, had already been on all the museum trips they had planned that year, was near the top of her class in math’s and at the top in English. The school were now very interested in Rainbow and what could be done to encourage Montessori girl to join the senior school at St. Margaret's!
Last night we attended the end of year concert and prize giving ceremony. Lily was the only girl in the junior school to win two prizes, capturing the "Endeavour Prize" and also the "Music Prize", making Way and I the proudest parents there! (Lily also took the lead in the school musical "The Daniel Jazz").
I cannot tell you how grateful I am to you and your wonderful staff for giving Lily this excellent start to her education and have no doubt that her success is heavily due to your exemplary care and teaching methods. Montessori is definitely the best possible start for any child.
With best regards,
Yours sincerely,
Sara Thompson.
PS: I have just heard that Lily managed to get a 5 (top grade) in each of SATs exams: English Comprehension, Reading, Writing, Math’s and Science!!
Dear Miss Linda,
I am going to miss Rainbow Montessori School a lot. You are a brilliant headmistress. I am going to miss doing math’s.
PS: I found it the best school in the world
from Archie.
Hi Linda,
Re: Catherine Radley (now aged 22) who attended your school 15 years ago!!
Following her years with you, Catherine attended Malorees in Brondesbury Park for the next four years and the subsequent years here in Tasmania, Australia.
On entering university she was awarded a Scholarship. She also privately tutored from her second year and did research for professors and the Law Reform Society. This year Cat was tutor for the Uni.
She graduates next Monday 13th with a Bachelor of Commerce and Bachelor of Law with Honours.
Malcolm and I believe those years with you set her up for life as an independent learner who works for herself.
She works diligently but not excessively. She played violin, obtaining her grade eight certificate. She has a black belt in karate.
In February, Catherine leaves Tasmania to work for the Commonwealth of Australia.
Thank you Linda for all the help in Catherine's oh so important early years. You can be very proud of yourself for the part you played in her life.
Goergina Radley.
It has been nearly 5 years since Matija started to attend Rainbow Montessori School. Coming from a different school at the age of six it took some persuading before Linda agreed to take him to the school. Are we glad she did!
Matija fitted into the Montessori system perfectly. That was obviously due to hard work, commitment, patience and love for children of all the teachers in RMS. The environment created and maintained in the school induces the best in our son.
Matija has moved gradually from Elementary 1 to Preparatory Class over the years. He has had different teachers but very high teaching standards always remained. People tend to take good things for granted after a while. We are no different, so every now and then we look back to remind ourselves of them. Looking back at how well we have done as parents so far, persuading Linda to admit Matija to RMS was one of the high points. RMS has been meeting and exceeding our expectations ever since.
Thanks you so much.
Snezaua PAVLOVIC
Goran MILOVANOVIC
Vika and I were talking about Rainbow the other day and we both became nostalgic as things are very different now socially and academically.
Although Vika is enjoying her new school very much, I think she misses her old friends and teachers and often mentions how she wishes to visit Rainbow to say hello.
Academically, Vika is doing very well and even though she started the school late in the school year, she has caught up and isn't finding the work difficult (in fact Vika is top of the class at IT). She has been writing end of year exams this week and is confident of good results.
Best wishes,
Gill Silvester.
PS I wanted to thank you again for all the happy years at Rainbow. You are the best!!
PPS: (2008): Vika offered scholarship to Ballet School!!
Dear All,
As you know Hanna will go back to Germany and her last school day is May 14th. We are really sorry that Hanna has to leave your school. We want to say thank you. Hanna had a wonderful time at the Rainbow Montessori School and she did great progress during that time. We have visited a couple of other schools around Frankfurt and it is really difficult to find something comparable to your school.
We think your school is very special and unique. We felt the passion you all bring into these rooms. Many, many thanks again - you all should be very proud of your school.
Kind regards,
Michael, Nicole and Hanna.
I don't know what to say except thank you so much for everything.
It's hard to believe we've come to an end after all these years! I believe Ned & Dulcie have benefited enormously from Montessori. The most important thing for me is that they are so well rounded and capable of "seeing others". This is no mean feat and noticeable in all your students past and present.
With love,
Shelly, Hugh, Ned & Dulcie
Dear Miss Linda,
I have had lots of fun at your school and I have learnt a lot.
I will miss you.
Lots of love, Jasmine
Thank you for everything you have done for us over the last seven years. I am so proud that Jasmine and Skye have been part of such a beautiful and nurturing environment, where they have been able to grow and envelop at their own pace - with the wonderful guidance and support of you and your lovely staff.
I am so, so sad to be leaving but what a wonderful start Jasmine and Skye have been given by Rainbow, the future can only be bright!
Thank you from the bottom of my heart!
Love Amanda xxxAfter recruiting scores of my writing buddies to join me, I started out on the A-Z Blogging Challenge with zeal, posting regularly on all four blogs. I did lag behind one day with a blog or two, but was able to catch up quickly enough and continued on, although with not nearly as much zing as the month progressed.
Recently adding chicks to my growing zoo required more of my attention, made even more difficult with the relentless rain we've had this entire month. At times I felt more zombie than human and wished I could zonk out on the couch and forget my responsibilities for a bit. Down but not out, I pressed on to finish the month in grand style with the Letter Z.
With one more blog to post before hanging it up, I'm almost sad that the challenge is over. Many of my peers feel the same, so I started a similar mini challenge, Z to A in May. Feel free to join us by clicking the link in my signature.
Click here to join in on the new Z to A in May Blogging Challenge.
5 comments:
I am so glad you told me about the A-Z challenge. It really helped my blogs grow and got me back to what I love doing. Thank you :)
I wish you a lot of fun with your new challenge. I'm going to take a break to work on my screenplay and all of the other blogs I've been neglecting. I'll keep stopping by though.
Thanks very much for getting me involved and cheering us along. It was a fun trip. Good way to end the challenge here, I love the way you peppered this with z words. Congratulations on finishing the A-Z Challenge.
Langley Writes about Writing
Marie, we did it! Congratulations! I have an award for you!!
That takes some serious dedication. Plus, lots of creativity for the q and x days, LOL.Equestrian Olympic events, equestrians, FEI, FL, horse show facilities, horse showing, horse shows in Wellington FL, horses, US Dressage Federation, US Equestrian Federation, USDF, USEF, Wellington, White Fences Equestrian Center, World Equestrian Games
I am back from four days of horse shows in Wellington, FL. Being totally immersed in the horses and working a show means not having the time to follow the news or being connected to the internet. Actually, where this show was located, I had very limited access to the outside world. I could have gone to somewhere I could watch the news or get on the internet, but why? Sometimes it is nice to leave the world behind and just concentrate on one’s own life and love. Horses and riding have been my relieve from stress for most of my life. Funny to think that when many would say showing horses is very stressful. It is, but it is different.
Now that I am back, I find the need to get immersed back into the events of the world. It will take me a few hours to get caught up but the nice thing about the internet is getting the stories I am most interested in is fast and easy; no waiting for the newspaper or news on the radio every hour. News is instant and I can read both sides of any issue. So, I am sure I will find good things to blog about shortly.
But for now, you get to hear about the weekend spent at White Fences Equestrian Center. I love this show facility. Owner Adam Pollak provides a wonderful facility for professional and amateur alike. The grounds are well managed and the footing in the arenas is perfect. Horses can be relaxed here so that helps riders give good performances. There were some excellent performances. Spectators were provided a glimpse into who will qualify for the US Equestrian Team at the World Equestrian Games this year in Normandy, France. That was the caliber of horses at this show. I, myself, did not show but I did ride my horse and school in the rings. This is valuable for preparing ourselves for the upcoming show season when we return back to Tennessee. As a volunteer working the show, I got to see most of the performances and got to hear the judges comments while scribing. This can be just as educational as lessons to improve our riding and showing the horse to the best advantage before whatever judges I encounter this year.
For those who think riding a horse is just sitting there while the horse carries you around, well, think again. Better yet, go get on one. Take a lesson and find out how much muscle control it takes to stay on and to make the horse respond to you. You will find riders are athletes and top riders are extreme athletes. Yoga, palates, and strength training are all used to maximize the riders abilities as well as strength training for the horses. Its a team effort, horse and rider, and one of the few ways men and women can compete on an equal basis with each other.
So, for a few days, I can give up the internet, phone, radio, and television. It was worth it for the fun of competition.THE SCIENCE AND EFFICACY OF APeX OXYGENATED WATER
submitted by Jane G. Goldberg, Ph.D.
.”
But the article is wrong. The day is no longer “not far off.” The day has arrived. The product already exists wherein “Hunter-Killer Nano-Robots” perform a search and destroy mission within our bodies. And the killer cells not only rout out cancer cells, but all pathogenic material in the cellular neighborhoods of the toxic materials. The product that delivers this promise is called APeX.. Fortunately for us, in the 1950s a group of scientists, including William Branson Sr., married these two discoveries together, and created a liquid product, originally called Oxy-Silver Solution. The solution consisted of a specifically formulated water that, to this day, is unique and unrivalled in its therapeutic power for reversing many afflictions and illnesses.
Essentially, the scientists figured out how to encapsulate a smaller than nano-sized silver nucleus within a cluster of oxygen molecules. APeX is made by attaching large numbers of oxygen molecules—clusters—to each silver particle, forming what might be best referred to as a Silver-Oxygen Nano-Cluster.
In the year 2000, the producers of the Oxy-Silver Solution, including Bill Branson Jr., had what they call a “eureka moment,” and added one more component to the process. The therapeutic effects of their specially formulated water increased, and even stronger stabilization of the oxygen encapsulation was effected. It became a solution that is so stable in its properties that the shelf life is, thus far over fifteen years, and still counting. The water looks slightly yellow, the color caused by light refraction off of the oxygen molecules that are attached to the silver nucleus.
In 2006, Bill Chastain joined with Bill Branson, Jr. and the solution was re-named APeX. (I call them the 2 Bills, or just the Bills). Bill C was specifically interested in cancer, formed the not-for-profit APeX Institute, began giving away APeX to terminal cancer patients, and collecting data/medical records/medical results on the usage of the oxy-silver solution in stage 4 cancers.
The 2 Bills continued seeing miraculous things happen, but now with medical records as a backing for the personal testimonials that had been acquired from the beginning of the formulation. APeX has been shown to improve or reverse the various afflictions of Hepatitis, Gulf War Syndrome, flu, typhus, malaria, HIV, cancer (including but not limited to the stage IV cancer volunteers Bill C was following), tuberculosis, Lyme Disease, MRSA, Alzheimer’s, spinal meningitis, staph infections.
It is important to understand that although the miracle of APeX’s therapeutic effectiveness is related to its ability to deliver oxygen directly into the body’s cells, it is not an oxygen-saturated product. (There are many products on the market that claim to have super saturation of oxygen.) APeX is not mere oxygenated water. The oxygen levels in APeX, in fact, measure about the same as regular tap water.
The key to APeX is.
It is also important to understand that although there is a silver nano-nucleus within the oxygen clusters, the silver used in APeX is unlike ionic and colloid silver products that are currently thought of in the holistic community as natural antibiotics. Rather than influencing a direct effect on the body, as the ionic and colloidal silver products claim, the main function of APeX’s silver is to serve as a dolly to transport the oxygen into pathogenic cells. In fact, the APeX silver nucleus is so completely encased in active oxygen molecules that it has no physical contact with its surrounding micro-environment. The process of the silver/oxygen solution being absorbed by the body is equivalent to targeted drug therapy (but without the toxic side effects of the poisons in the drugs). The silver-oxygen solution that comprises APeX performs exactly as Hunter-Killer Nano-Bots, as suggested is possible in the quote at the beginning of this Report. The clusters of the silver/oxygen molecules have the ability to precisely hunt down and destroy all pathogenic cells. Their “mission” to kill is so precise that it is as though pathogenic expert “snipers” were released into the bloodstream, and through basic principles of physics (as we will soon see), they never miss their target. (more…)
When.NBC Synopsis:.
Chuck This Ranking: 40
Dave’s Ranking: A little lower, but not as much this time.
Full Write Ups: Chuck vs The Nemesis (1.10) by Dave and Joe
Other Write Ups: Reader’s Digest Re-Watch: The Arc of Truth by Ernie
Ah, I enjoyed this episode. Glad you included those links as I had never read the reviews. The description of Bryce was quite eloquent. The analysis og the episodes were very thorough, so Kudos!
And of course this episode had some good music, “No One’s Gonna Love You” by Band of Horses comes to mind. I loved the way the show chose music that went perfectly with the scenes.
We’re hoping this will help a lot of visitors to share in the discussion.
Just noticed Bryce called Sarah rusty in vs the Nemesis when she came into Chuck’s room while she called him rusty in vs the Break Up when they were dancing.
Given that, in the final scene, Sarah was shown to be torn between Bryce and Chuck, one has to wonder what would have happened had Chuck not telephoned at that moment, since she seemed to be packed and ready to leave.
I think she did seem a bit hesitant to leave. What Bryce was offering her undoubtedly appealed to her at first, so that’s why she was already packed. But I think even if he hadn’t called, her mind would flood with memories of Chuck, and she would listen to her heart and realise she shouldn’t leave. The song they chose, “No One’s Gonna Love You” went perfectly with her internal battle. Because truthfully, Bryce would not love Sarah like Chuck did, nor would Sarah love Bryce like she did.
Quite a few fanfics have explored her leaving with either Bryce or ‘he who shall not be named’. Most of them end up going in the direction of Chuck being broken and first before he pulls himself together and becomes the ultimate spy with the help of Casey. While Sarah realizes that her heart is still in Burbank with Chuck and she leaves whichever guy she is with to go back and fight to get Chuck.
I can go with that interpretation, thanks.
I don’t think there’s any way Sarah could have stayed away long. She knew Chuck needed her, and as she later admitted, she was already smitten.
Interesting that you’ve mentioned “No One’s Gonna Love You” because that song choice has always confused me and still does. In many ways it can be interpreted based on the lyrics and the plot at that moment that it is Bryce saying it to her. But of course we know that is a lie and the person is in fact Chuck. Is it Bryce’s delusion? Is it Sarah’s internal torment? My current view is that it is in fact Bryce talking to her, pleading with her, that life with him is the best she can have and she should come with him. And Sarah’s choice depiction shows that she was very much tested. Yvonne once said that one thing she took away from season 1 Sarah was that she loved Bryce very much. Was it her love of Bryce still present or had Bryce’s betrayal of her forever altered her view of him? Had seeing what “normal” was and knowing at least instinctively that Chuck, if she let him, would “love her better ” and it scared her.
I have never had a complete understanding of what that song choice meant. If it’s Bryce, it’s a lie. If it’s Chuck the back story of the song doesn’t fit. It it’s Sarah, does she even think she is capable of that kind of love? Many songs chosen fit the moment perfectly and I completely understand the image they are trying to present. But this one confused me a great deal and probably the only other one I have as much discomfort with is Rivers and Roads. I will never see that as a happy, positive and uplifting song at all.
Honestly I always saw it as both Chuck and Bryce, each professing their own love. And what each has to offer is unique. The issue for Sarah is, which sort of love does she want? Ultimately, I don’t find this song choice either interesting or illuminating.
And of course I agree entirely on “Rivers and Roads”.
I love the question, Uplink. Honestly, I spent a lot of time wondering about that song’s meaning myself back then.
I do think it was meant to be both Bryce’s theme and ambiguous at the same time. The creators seemed to like being ambiguous that way, you know. Perhaps we can also think of it as something Sarah might hear in her mind and wonder about. Is it Bryce’s song? Chuck’s song? The song she wants to hear either way? At this point, I don’t think she knows, and I’m pretty sure that the audience isn’t supposed to know for certain either. We’re two seasons away from hearing her say “yes” to Chuck’s question “Do you love me?”
As for Rivers and Roads, I must say, the song and it’s meaning have really grown on me these past 2.5 years. I’m trying to figure out exactly why that is.
OK, first let me apologize in avance if my thoughts are a bit jumbled in my novice analysis of the song choice.
Hmm, your questions are interesting.The song does have a high degree of desperation seeping through it.
“When things start splitting at the seams and now
The whole thing’s tumbling down
Things start splitting at the seams and now
If things start splitting at the seams and now,
It’s tumbling down
Hard”
That verse does fit the Bryce/Sarah relationship and the betrayal. He was her partner and his actions (supposedly going rogue etc. did start the ‘splitting’ of their relationship. So yes, maybe Bryce is desperate for Sarah to return to him and wants her to believe that the life with him, the one she knows best is the right thing for her. But again, I do think he knew, or suspected or had a slight inclination that Sarah was beginning to have feelings for Chuck. Hence, there is still that memory of the relationship that hangs around like a “ghost.” “No one’s gonna love you more than I do” is his way of saying that even when things don’t work out, he would always have this place in your heart where he will forever love Sarah.
And if we look at it from Chuck’s perspective. maybe the chorus suits him best. the chilling “But no one is ever gonna love you more than I do…No one’s gonna love you more than I do.” Chuck has fallen hard for Sarah, and she tries to mask her feelings for him. Add that to his apprehension? feelings of inferiotity? maybe, the word isn’t coming to me right now…but his knowledge of Bryce and Sarah being an item would cause him to fear the possibility of her leaving… His message to Sarah is straightforward, Bryce is not going to love you as intensely as I do….
Onto Rivers and Roads…The lyrics do fit the plot…”And my family lives in a different state” (Ellie etc) and “All our friends will move away” (Casey). I think the underlying message was supposed to be that Chuck won’t give up on Sarah or their love for each other. the obstacles may be there and things might look bleak, but he will continue to fight. Hence the chanting of “Rivers and roads till I reach you.” They will do whatever it takes until they repair their relationship.
I’ve downloaded quite a bit of music from the show and they have grown to be my favourites. Dave, here’s a suggestion: maybe we can do an analysis of the music on CHUCK. If that has been done before, can someone direct me to it please?
Joe has done several posts on music, it is something he is pretty passionate about. And if you do a category search (right column) you’ll see a music header that should take you to several relevant posts.
As far as “Rivers and Roads” in particular goes, I talked about it some in my Finale post earlier this year, and several other readers weighed in as well. There’s never a final word, we like to think all our discussions here are on-going. But that would probably be the most in-depth I’ve done to date.
“One issue summed up discontent for many of us. The closing song “Rivers and Roads” is a melancholy song that struck many viewers as focusing on the struggles ahead, not the joy or the final triumph this episode seemed to be. So for everyone who has another thought for a great song, we look forward to hearing about it in comments! My own choice, probably my favorite love song, would be “I Will Be Here” by Steven Curtis Chapman. It was originally written as a song of God’s perfect love for his people, but a few years ago Steven Curtis Chapman re-recorded it as a love song for his wife. It’s no mistake the God of the Bible uses the love of man and wife as illustrative of his love for all of us. And I think this message of loving commitment and determination perfectly fits the end of the show.”
Wow, I never saw it that way before, but I see where you are coming from. As for your song choice, I LOVE it!!!!!! That will definitely be added to my ITunes! So thanks for that.
Your post was great and very thorough. I think I’ll remeber this especially: “Chris Fedak once challenged us with “do you quit reading a book at chapter seven?” (well I have Chris, if I didn’t like the book!)” That made me laugh. I would probably quit too. Heck, I’ve been known to stop earlier than that.
Thanks for directing me to that article and to the others in the music category. 🙂
That’s a pretty good analysis, Change. And I definitely agree with the multiple perspectives way of looking at No One’s Gonna Love You. Mostly, I find the song hauntingly beautiful, pretty much the way I was seeing the Chuck and Sarah’s fragile relationship that winter of 2007. Sarah had been so controlled up to then, but all of a sudden she doesn’t seem to be so sure of herself. Chuck’s insecurities were overwhelming (you’re choice of the word ‘desperate’ is perfect). Bryce is exactly the person they need; he’s been Chuck’s best friend and he’s been Sarah’s partner. He’s also their worst nightmare in all sorts of ways.
That’s pretty powerful stuff, all brought out by the music. Dave’s right – I am pretty passionate about it and the final word has not been written. Gee – someone (I wish I could remember who!) asked about songs that were “Chuck adjacent,” and I’ve been thinking about that since. Great term – Chuck adjacent. I’m almost ready to do a post on that, but I’m not sure I have quite enough yet.
Ou la la! Je l’attends avec impatience, Joe. Sorry, French dialogue from school just flooded my mind. But I do look forward to reading your latest musings. I never considered myself as “being into music” before, but I’ve found watching Chuck mostly, my genres have expanded and now, I’m really loving Band of Horses, Bon Iver etc. And I must say, it’s a nice change from the pop and calypso (not that I have anything against my island’s art form) that tends to flood the airwaves.
And Dave, I’m glad I started visiting this site. You guys (and gals) are very thorough and do some wonderful analyses. I know what you mean about the songs that cause you to think about C&S, sometimes I’m just on YT and come across a song and I think to myself “Man, that suits Chuck and Sarah’s romance perfectly!”
So thanks to you too for keeping the site up to date and continuing to let the Chuck tentacles stretch. 🙂
Change I sure do appreciate your comments and your enthusiasm for what we’ve been doing here! Thanks for that.
And I’m really pleased if you like my song choice too. I think a few people weighed in with fun choices on that, there’s a lot of music out there that causes us to think of this favorite romance. I know its often on my mind.
Some great thoughts over these two songs, making it clearer what “No one’s gonna love you” might have meant. And Change hit the exact point for me on Rivers and Roads … it was just too melancholy to give me any sense of hope. A more upbeat hopeful song which still emphasised the struggle ahead would have been much better. One more reason why the finale sucked for me.
Yea, I was quoting Dave, hence ” “. Sorry for the mix up. Don’t sue me Dave, it wasn’t plagiarism. Lol. :p
Well, I didn’t like the finale when I first watched it either, but the song grew on me somewhat.
I think Change actually liked the song though! He was quoting me from the 5.13 post.
No problem Change, we’ve seen much bigger misunderstandings than that!
Great thoughts everyone as usual. I think that Joe probably hit my issue with No One’s Gonna Love You best for me. It is intentionally ambiguous. It is the writers and probably Tim Jones and the editors trying to make us think exactly that. Who does love you better Sarah? The betrayal by Bryce of both of them, Chuck’s ever present insecurities about Bryce Larkin, Sarah’s total ignorance of what true love is and means. All of it is designed to get us the viewer to look at their situations and hopefully see that “Sorry Bryce, you’re wrong. What you offer is incomplete, and ultimately unsatisfying.” There is no sense that given the same situation again that Bryce learned his lesson and wouldn’t betray either of them again. In fact we kind of see that when he returns in season 2. Bryce knew that the chip they were pursuing was an Intersect update and he betrayed both Chuck and Sarah by lying to them about it. He forced this life on Chuck without his knowledge once more and in so doing manipulated Chuck into giving up on Sarah so he could have her. He betrayed Sarah by lying to her about his motives and taking away her chance at happiness because he saw that she might love Chuck enough to leave the agency and him if Chuck was no longer the Intersect. Chuck meant more to her than he did and he couldn’t let that happen. What he is saying with this song is that this is the best she can ever have and its a lie, just like him. So the song choice makes us think and so in that regard it works even if the lyrics coming from Bryce’s mouth are a lie.
We have discussed this before but this is the verse of Rivers and Roads I have the most issue with and it is why I don’t see that song as hopeful at all.
Been talkin’ ’bout the way things change
And my family lives in a different state
If you don’t know what to make of this
Then we will not relate
So if you don’t know what to make of this
Then we will not relate
Then we will not relate. That creates in my mind the real strong possibility that Chuck and Sarah are doomed. That if she can’t come to terms with this change their life and their love is over. And nothing the writers nor the showrunners did eliminates that possibility as clearly as their backpedaling or if some are more comfortable with this term, their explanations after the finale aired seemed to try and show. The melancholy tone of the song and that lyric in particular damage that moment and make it even more painful for me. I do believe that Chuck and Sarah find happiness again but I believe that because I want to believe it not because that final moment showed it leaving no doubt because it didn’t. Rivers and Roads tells me there is a great deal of doubt about what happens next.
I am a very new fan of Chuck, having recently discovered the show on Netflix. I watched all 5 seasons in a couple of months over the summer and was surprised by how much l fell in love with the show and the evolving relationship between Chuck and Sarah. I then discovered your site and have thoroughly enjoyed your comments and analysis, especially on the finale of the show, which had left me with a melancholy feeling rather than the usual joy I felt after watching most of the other episodes. I have watched Chuck vs. the Goodbye a couple of additional times after reading thinkling’s post on how she sees Chuck and Sarah’s plans throughout Season 5 as the real epilogue to the show. That has been very helpful. In that light, I was thinking about the song Rivers and Roads at the end of the show. I know quite a few folks find it depressing as it seems to imply that Chuck and Sarah have a lot of work to do before they can truly restore their relationship and their marriage. I wonder, though, if it could also be referring to the hardships they have already been through to be together, i.e. Bryce, Lou, all of Season 2, spy training, Shaw/the “misery arc,” rescuing Chuck from the Belgian, Sarah undercover with Volkoff, Sarah being poisoned right before their wedding, and finally Sarah’s memory loss and partial recovery when they meet again on the beach at the end. There are a lot of roads they have already traveled to be together – maybe this is just the final one before they reach their dream house with the red door. I guess the creator of the show said the finale was supposed to be a kind of recap of the whole show and Chuck and Sarah’s journey. So, perhaps Rivers and Roads is also a type of recap of how far they have come and is meant to give us hope that they are just about there. At least, until the next mission.
Like Dave said, welcome Carrol! 🙂
I’m loving the discussion on this post, and this sort of discussion where fans can dissect almost very minuscule aspect of the show is why I like this site so much. Taking the song as a references to their tumultuous past works too.
“If music be the food of love, play on.”~ Osino (T.N)
**Duke Orsino
Hey Carrol, welcome to the site! And you took the words right of my mouth.
I was going to say, the only peace I can make with that song is to put it in the past tense. If it’s the story of all that they’ve overcome, it becomes a lot more tolerable. Now I think its obvious that’s not the original intent of the song, but that is a common pitfall in using music that isn’t actually original for the show anyway. There’s often little disconnects. And if all I have to do is make an assumption about the tense of the last song to enjoy the ending a lot more; well I’m way ahead of where I am in dealing with S3!
Carrol, first of all welcome and glad you are part of the Chuck family. The point you bring up about Rivers and Roads is a good one. Is it historical or is it a prelude? That kind of ambiguity works well in an episode like the one this thread is about where we don’t know so many many things and we are dying to learn as much as we can about all of these characters and their past and future. That’s why I guess No One Love You Better works at that point in their story. But for me at least that kind of ambiguity does not work at all as a series finale. All I wanted to know at that moment was will Chuck and Sarah be ok and will she get her memories back because for me what is the point of doing a rewatch of the series if the most important character to me remembers none or very little of it? For me at least this show became more about Sarah than anyone else very early on. I love Chuck, well except for season 3 Chuck in particular, but the show took a quantum leap for me because of Sarah Walker, not Chuck Bartowski. The ambiguity of her story has tempered my desire and enjoyment of my up until that moment favorite show and characters ever. If forcing myself to look at the song as historical is the only way I can enjoy it then it fails for me. As prelude it’s simply too melancholy and leaves the very large door of a doomed relationship open for me to escape.
Thanks for the very kind welcome from everyone! I have to agree that the finale ended on a more ambiguous note than I would have hoped for. As several folks on this site have commented, I would have been much happier with just a few more seconds to allow a “Take me home, Chuck” or for Sarah to embrace Chuck. Of course, I would have been even happier to see absolutely clearly that her memories are restored and that Sarah Bartowski has returned. This was such a happy show that I really believe it deserved a soundly joyful ending. My thoughts on Rivers and Roads were probably part of my way of trying to reconcile myself to the finale and its ambiguity. I do think the lyrics, combined with the way the episode tried to reflect, however imperfectly, the entire story of the series and the Chuck/Sarah relationship, can fit fairly well with the road they have traveled as well as the, hopefully short, journey ahead. These characters really got under my skin, maybe more so from watching the show in such a compressed period. They just deserve their happy ending, so I am willing to find a way to believe they have it.
And atcDave, I am with you on Season 3. I had the luxury of skipping ahead to see how they finally got together when I was going crazy with the long, forced separation. And going back to fill in the episodes after that, I think I could enjoy the fun parts, and there were quite a few, a bit more knowing what was ahead. Still, what a missed story opportunity for that first half of Season 3. I do think the show would still be on had the writers/showrunners handled that period differently.
Carrol it’s always great to find another kindred spirit!
Not that we can change it ….. but,
“No One’s Gonna Love You” might be better more “hopeful” for the beach scene.
While “Rivers & Roads” more appropriate for this ep.
Yeah good point.
The key, concluding scene of “Nemesis,” among the most artistically well-executed in Season 1, places the episode in my top 25, possibly 20. At first glance, it seems as if Sarah, dressed and packed with her passport prominent on the bed, is eager to leave on her next lark with Bryce. However, the deeper internal conflict is evident not only in her positioning at the far end of the room away from the phone she expects to ring (and seemingly moves towards only after 4 rings), but also her pensive gaze over the L.A. skyline, which she will call “the only place that felt like home” in Season 3. When the phone does ring, her expression becomes strained.
On a more subtle figurative level, the phantom reflection of her face in the window reprises the same reflection inserted into the shower/fight scene in “Wookiee”, a scene that also highlights the battle between her fear of leaving the itinerate spy existence and her emerging feelings for Chuck tied to the latent dream of a future normal life and home. Meanwhile, the musical lyrics precisely link the frames of Bryce Larkin calling from the airport with “the ever-living ghost of what once was,” the frames of Chuck with “no one’s ever gonna love you more than I do,” and the frames of Sarah to “the whole thing’s tumbling down hard.” The scene ends with an hard-swallowing Sarah looking up from Chuck’s face on the vibrating cell phone and forward, not back again at the ringing land line (Bryce). This foreshadows the dynamic when Bryce returns in Season 2.
The morning-after scene in “Crown Vic” will follow up with additional imagery figuring Sarah’s slow awakening to her feelings for Chuck, but that’s a topic for next week.
I literally just re watched this episode this morning!!!! I loved it but then again every single episode of Chuck is amazing and I LOVE them all 🙂 Zachary and Yvonne have some of the best on screen chemistry I have ever seen and although bryce gets in the way of chuck and sarah, matt bomber was well suited/chosen for that role :):)
great episode…I honestly think Sarah’s “internal struggle starts as early as the end of wookie…thats actually one of my favorite scenes of the series and when i knew Yvonne was something special…the stuff at Buy More is my favorite part of this episode!
I’ve been watching CHUCK’S distant relative Burn Notice, I’m on S2 and enjoying it a lot!
I loved the early seasons of Burn Notice. But it does get progressively darker. I would never choose to watch the final season again.
I wasn’t going into it expecting a peaceful ending that was a 90s thing…
I call it “an entertainment thing”. And I require it, or no thanks.
I was thinking of checking out Burn Notice, but was worried it would get dark. For those who have seen it, is there a good point at which to stop watching that one? Or is it not worth it to start?
I think the first three or four seasons are terrific. Although they all end “cliff hangery”, so there isn’t a real convenient stopping point. But I do think S2 was the clear high point of the series.
The last two seasons were really too dark for my taste. But ***BIG SPOILER*** it all ends in a nice “happy” spot. But that last season… Well, it would be like if Chuck ended at Season Three; “The Other Guy”. You have a long, mostly depressing arc, where everything just suddenly works out all right in the end. Just not my idea of fun.
I want a show to be “journey” AND “destination”. A significant failure for either can ruin the whole show.
I really agree with Dave. Our family watched Burn Notice and really enjoyed the first couple of seasons. By the final season they had changed Michael’s character so much that, although it ends in a “happy shot”, our family was wondering why we had subjected ourselves to a season of character assassination and torture for a few seconds of “feel good” warmth. It didn’t come close to making up for the preceeding episodes. Not to mention that what happened to a supporting character or two was even worse ( I won’t spoil it further by saying what or who)!
My wife quit watching the last season. I would have too if I hadn’t known it was the last season.
I’ve always like this song “No I’ve Never Seen Nothing Like You” by Nate Highfield as seen in this video for the finale:
I think its a lot more difficult to pick the song for a final scene then we realize. I know several people have mentioned ‘No one’s gonna love you” and I don’t see how that works for people, the melody doesn’t fit the location or the overall mood of scene at all and the lyrics are as depressing as you can get.
I have thought about this quite a bit recently and several songs come to mind as alternatives (for me anyway) but they all have an issue: “Fix you” and “A Message” by Coldplay have lyrics that match the situation perfectly but the melody goes; low, high and then finishes low on both…
“The scientist” also by Coldplay matching melody and lyrics but is likely too sad for a lot of viewers…i guess R&R is a nice medium.
Except those who don’t care for Rivers and Roads find nothing “medium” about it. I would have prefered “Snoopy vs the Red Baron”…
I thought “Fix You” was very appropriate for an imaginary post-finale Chuck and Sarah in the process of reconnection (the lyrics, written by Chris Martin specifically to console Gwyneth Paltrow, also seemed suggestive of Chuck reassuring Sarah that he would be there for her), and so I embedded that song in an early “season 6” fanfic scene set at Sarah’s dream house. The melody swells near the end and I envisioned that part backing an imaginary scene of Chuck carrying Sarah over the threshold.
Nice Anthro, I like it!
I hesitate (ever so slightly) to write this lest I be accused of a foot or shoe fetish, but in later seasons we often saw Sarah wearing ridiculously high heels. In season 1, her shoes were often more sensible and suitable for physical activity. I note that when she kicks off her shoes before entering Casey’s apartment (when Chuck notices Bryce turning on the lights), even those shoes appear to be flats, despite being rather “dressed up.”
Anthony Ruivivar was a brief bright shining star of a villain as Tommy. When Bryce threatens to kill Chuck with the needle in the elevator, I love Tommy’s response: “I wouldn’t want you to just kill some random person….” Interesting tidbit: did anyone watch the quickly cancelled series in which Matt Bomer starred called Traveler? Anthony Ruivivar also played a character in that series.
In these early episodes, Anna sure added a lot of “colour” to the show. Hers was a different sort of craziness than that of Jeff and Lester. Morgan accurately assessed her: “She scares the crap out of me.”
I’ll just guess they let Yvonne wear more practical footwear in the earlier seasons because she wasn’t close to Zach as much. By late S3, the six inch height difference was a bigger deal and the heals helped fix that. Although even in the Pilot, Sarah was wearing some pretty outrageous heals on a mission, so it’s not like it was a complete change.
I loved early “crazy” Anna. She seemed to mellow a lot in S2.
Funny thing about the shoes and the pilot, when she is running through the halls to get to the Stanfield reception she has on heeled boots but when she runs through the water she is wearing flat heeled boots. Damn that girl can change outfits fast lol.
Also I think part of that might have bee that Bomer is not that tall compared to Zach and Adam. He is very close to Yvonne’s height so they kept her heels lower in those scenes.
Funny that you are mentioning the shoes as I also noticed Sarah’s shoes change several times between scenes depending on the action required from her. When they went to Barstow in Colonel, for example, she was wearing high heeled boots and presumably took no luggage as they were on the run. Then, the next morning she is suddenly in flat boots for her fight with the various Fulcrum agents. The lack of continuity must have struck me at the time to remember it now.
They did the same thing in 5.12, she was wearing heals when they left for DARPA, but for her “short cut” action sequence she definitely was not.Description
Details!.
-.
Getting “in to” the novel was a trial in and of itself. I almost didn’t progress past the initial chapter. It was so disjointed and out of context I had no interest in figuring out what was going on. I made no connections to any of the characters and I had no interest in what was going on until Mikael was (FINALLY) hired to investigate the old mystery.
Now, the good part! The murder mystery part of the novel was fanFREAKINGtastic. I loved the modern look on a murder from 40 years ago–all done through records, photographs and memorabilia from the time. The mystery itself was unique, twisted and intriguing; I found myself pinning the crime on character after character and most of the “suspects” from the crime were still alive and bitter about the investigation. Even the environment of the mystery was tantalizing–it was a locked environment–no way in or out while the murder was committed, so the list of potential suspects was limited by locale. In that respect, “The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo” is a top notch whodunit with a “what the hell is going on” scenario.
End Good Part.
Yes, that’s pretty much all I liked. The writing was so formal and detached that I couldn’t connect with any of the characters. Even when they were depressed or thrilled or afraid, the writing never let me feel that with them – it was like watching a dry documentary rather than being immersed in a thriller. I don’t know if that formality was a product of translation or simply how modern business/political thrillers are written. I don’t care which – it just sucked.
The detached writing combined with the characters themselves prohibited any form of connection or identification with either (any) of them. Heavy medication might be the only way to make Lisbeth likable (for me, not her). She is antisocial to the point of disbelief. She is brilliant and certain parts of her character are awesome, but her actions, her choices, and even her speech drive me away from her. I couldn’t identify with more than a couple of her decisions. I’m betting she has a horrific back story that explains exactly why she is the way she is, but I don’t know it, the author didn’t bother to tell me about it, and frankly, I can’t bring myself to care enough about her to continue the trilogy to figure it out.
The other main character, Mikael, the reporter, is not as unlikeable as Lisabeth, but he’s certainly no charmer. He carries on the long-standing affair (fling type thing) that ruined his marriage. He maintains that relationship while sleeping with other women – some the same age as his daughter and comes across as a crappy Casanova. None of the charm or looks, just the luck to fall into the sack with a bunch of chics. And while all of his relationships are consensual, they are treated with a callous casualness that I don’t get. Maybe I’m just an American with my frowning puritan background instead of a more cosmopolitan view of sexual conduct. Maybe, it’s because I grew up with the looming threat of AIDS and the idea of casual sexual partners scares me. Either way, it’s just one more thing between me and liking this guy.
Beyond Mikael’s sexcapades, there is an onslaught of sexual violence. Wikipedia suggests that Larson initially named his novel “Men who Hate Women.” That is a way more accurate title – at least it gives a hint about what you’re about to read. Various women in the novel are raped, tortured and murdered – usually in direct succession. Some of the incidents are described in graphic detail. Others are left to the imagination – but all are horrific. The book essentially becomes a trifecta of rape, incest and torture.
This book should appeal to readers who enjoy gritty realism. But that’s not me. Books like “The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo” are a huge part of the reason why I stick to escapist fantasy and sci-fi.
In the end, I stamp this book with a two canary rating for the formal, emotionally-removed writing, the unapproachable characters and the proliferation of rape/sexual assault that was graphic enough to make me consider home-schooling my kids to keep them out of the scary world. I will not be making it to the 2nd novel – much less the third.
I’ll stay with my Young Adult, Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Romance, and Light Comedy reading agenda. Stepping outside my comfort zone made me lose sleep while checking on my kids.
___
What do you think, Canaries?
___
Read More:
- Book Review: The Throne of Fire by Rick Riordan
- Best and Worst: The Beauty and the Beast Within
- Small Chirps: The Elements of Horror
- Read more posts by the QuickDrawCanary
Friends keep telling me that I should read this, so I’m kind of curious to see what I’ll think when I do. Generally I can’t handle violent movies, but for some reason violence in books doesn’t bother me nearly as much. I keep meaning to read this and The Hunger Games, but I keep getting caught up in gloriously escapist sci-fi/fantasy too! 😀
Like you, I had a really tough time getting into this book and nearly put it down after the first 100 pages or so — thinking, what’s all the fuss about? But then it really got rocking and rolling and I enjoyed it until the end. I enjoyed the 2nd and 3rd installments too — and each was different than the others in satisfying ways.
I’ve wondered if the clunky style is more Larsson’s writing or the translation into English.
Really? You didn’t like it? I totally agree that the beginning of the book is really hard to get through, but I love the rest of the series. There is a really intricate back story about Lisbeth’s childhood which ties in with the second two books. Maybe I was swayed a little by my love for the Swedish version of the movie, but I came into reading it knowing what to expect and being really psyched about it. I think part of the reason the writing was so detatched was to illustrate how the majority of the family didn’t bother with emotions. It’s not how the main characters felt, but it is a link to some of the characters. Also, I loved the mystery behind Lisbeth. Her badass, take-no-shit mystique really got me hooked. Try reading the second book sometime, it might help you appreciate the first one more. (Although, if you thought this one was too gruesome or dark for you, then I wouldn’t read any more of them. They all go downhill from here. There’s a reason the original title of the Series was “Men Who Hate Women”)I now have this rash on my left shoulder,my right side and across my lower abdomen. It appeared last week and has not responded to anti-fungal or cortisone creams. As it seemed to be spreading, we went to the doctor in Mancora this morning. It turns out it is a skin rash caused by some kind of allergy to some thing I ate. The only thing we can think of that has been new in the last week, was a frozen package of seafood containing shrimp, calamari, octopus, scallops and possibly clams. In the past, I have had trouble with clams…usually throwing them up after eating them. I wish I knew for sure what it was that triggered the rash so I could avoid it in the future. The doctor gave me a HUGE shot to calm the reaction and included an anti-inflamatory. He also prescribed a cream to apply twice a day. The consultation and the shot cost me S/.40 (equivalent to about $15.00). The medication cost me S/.5 (close to $2).
In another health related experience: I have been trying to set up an annual physical through our insurance in Lima before my trip to the states. The insurance company listed tests that would be covered for their insured at my age which included an electrocardiogram, a mammogram and, among others, a PAP smear. My good friend in Lima, who is also a doctor, has been trying to help me get this set up. She wrote to me last night to say that my insurance company would come to my house (or location) to complete the exam. Well, that didn’t make much sense…. so she is calling the insurance company on my behalf to straighten it out. Weird….but then again, this is Peru!
Doug was stopped by the highway patrol today. The officer was a new one, and once stopped, another officer came over to clue him in that Doug is a friend to the police. The first officer apologized and waved Doug on. Even though there is quite a turnover in the police, there are still some that introduce us as friends of the force and they let us alone.Hey everyone,
So I was at Gotham Steakhouse last night with Bee because it was her birthday yesterday! SHOUT OUT TO BEE ❤ 😀
Msjesschan
AdvertisementsBraces can produce some beautiful results, but they do not come without a few sacrifices for young epicureans. The sweets will need to be cut down, the sticky foods will need to go, even some vegetables will need to be cut off the list (I know, so sad). Fortunately, many of the foods you have to cut down on will be great for your teeth. While it may not seem fair that you may have to give up some of your favorite foods at first, but keeping focused on the future and how beautiful and straight your teeth will be after putting in the time with braces, know that it will be worth it. So just what are the five biggest foods to avoid with braces?
Hard or Sticky Candy
Hard candies like peppermints, butterscotch candies, and jolly ranchers are all great ways to break braces. If you can control the urge to bite down and crunch hard candies to bits, just sucking on them until they dissolve completely instead, they won't break the brackets. However, avoiding hard candies due to your braces is actually great for your teeth because of the damaging sugar content.
Alternatively, those with braces will find a similar warming against sticky candy. Candies like soft chocolate, caramel, or taffy are not only serious culprits for cavities, but they are a serious disaster to clean from braces. Sticky candies are best avoided all together.
Gum
Gum is actually a controversial food when it comes to orthodontic braces. Sugary gum should be avoided at all costs as it causes cavities, but chewing sugar-free gum is actually alright with some orthodontists. Some orthodontists believe that gum can help make the tooth movement more comfortable, but in most cases, gum will get stuck among the brackets and can even work to pull loose the wires and dislodge your braces. Gum causes a real mess that is difficult to clean, so it is best to avoid it to save yourself a headache and avoid another trip to the orthodontist.
Nuts
Nuts and other hard crunchy foods that shatter into a million pieces are a big no-no. While foods like pretzels, chips, and hard tacos are, without a doubt, delicious, they can also brake off brackets, yet that is not the real problem. The real problem with crunchy foods is that they often lodge themselves among the braces, and take forever to clean out. It is just a pain for the wearer and best avoided.
Raw Carrots and Whole Apples
Carrots and apples may seem okay because they are such healthy treats, but both require forceful biting with the front teeth, which most often results in broken brackets. However, they don't need to be cut out all together. By cutting apples and carrots into smaller pieces, it makes them much more manageable to eat and requires less force that is dangerous to your braces. However, like with all food, those who wear braces should be sure to clean out the little pieces left behind as well.
Popcorn
What is the single most damaging food for braces? It is the seemingly innocuous buttery movie time treat - popcorn. Before getting braces, the popcorn kernels may have gotten caught in your teeth and become a minor annoyance, but after braces it can cause some serious discomfort when they get to your teeth. While many stray kernels can be removed with a good flossing, those that get stuck for a long period of time can cause painful swelling in the gums, requiring the braces to be removed so your orthodontist can clean the area.
Sadly, there is no good way to eat popcorn with braces, and each time you try is a real gamble. However, on the bright side you will save so much more money with each trip to the movie theater.
So What Can You Eat?
After first getting braces, it may seem like a decent chunk of the culinary world has been cut off from you. However, providing the dish isn't too crunchy, sticky, or tough, you can stille at a lot of things without putting undue stress on your braces.
Here are some good foods to try:
- Soft fruits: Oranges, kiwi, plums, peaches, seedless watermelon
- Soft Vegetables: This essentially means any if they are steamed.
- Dairy: Yogurt, soft cheese
- Soft Meat: Lunch meat, meatballs, tender cooked meats. Try cutting tougher meats into very small pieces.
- Seafood: Salmon, crab meat, tuna, shrimp
- Cooked Grains: Well done pasta and soft-cooked rice
- Dessert: This is the best part of getting braces, especially immediately after when your mouth is so sore. Ice cream, pudding, smoothies, jello, and applesauce are all great post-braces food.
Amazon Price: $11.75 Buy Now
(price as of May 9, 2016)Orthopedic Physician Jobs in Colfax, WA
- Employer
- Providence St. Joseph Health
- Location
- Colfax, Washington State
- Posted
- Apr 28, 2017
- Ref
- 20160755
- Jordan Post
- Specialty
- Surgery, General, Surgery, Orthopedic
Colfax, Washington - Seeking an exemplary Orthopedic physician. Full-time position. Competitive compensation; comprehensive benefits. Sign-on bonus and relocation assistance may be available. Ideal candidate will have two or more years of experience and will be comfortable serving sports teams and building relationships with younger populations in the community. Enjoy practicing in an updated, spacious and beautiful building on Whitman Hospital's campus. All imaging and cases are done at the hospital, a short walk away. Take advantage of this opportunity to join a long-standing orthopedics practice—the only one in town—and experience all that life in sun-drenched Eastern Washington has to offer.
Facility: Whitman Hospital & Medical Center
Ranked as a 5-star Hospital for Patient Experience by Medicare in 2016 and one of 50 Critical Access Hospital to Know by Becker's Hospital Review in 2015 and 2016, Whitman Hospital & Medical Center is home to over 200 employees. With specialties including Gastroenterology, General Surgery, Urology, and with several visiting specialties, WHMC provides high quality inpatient and outpatient services, ensuring safe and effective care. The hospital offers a same day surgery center, excellent therapy services (including inpatient and outpatient physical therapy, aquatic, speech, massage, occupational and pediatric therapy) and 24/7 emergency services. Patients consider WHMC “an undiscovered gem.”
Colfax, an agricultural community of approximately 2,800 people, is located in eastern Washington in a region of rolling hills and deep, rich topsoil. Watered by the beautiful Palouse River, Colfax's hot, dry summers, cold winters, and significant rainy season combine to create abundant fields of waving wheat. Whitman Hospital serves a 1,200 square mile hospital district in Whitman County. Experience small town life at its best while enjoying the cultural and social opportunities offered by nearby Pullman and Spokane.From SLTrib.com, The Salt Lake Tribune, “Paying for a guest worker law already in place” by Bruce Goldstein, 14 Apr. 2011.
Bruce Goldstein is president of Farmworker Justice, a nonprofit organization based in Washington, D.C., that works to improve living and working conditions for migrant and seasonal farm workers.
Amidst the debate and controversy surrounding Utah’s new immigration laws, state legislators in Salt Lake City seem to think they’ve created a model for America. They portray their pilot guest worker program as a compromise that others might use as a model.
They must think Utah’s taxpayers aren’t paying careful attention, because they’ll be saddled with spending money to duplicate a program that largely already exists.
Last month, Utah Gov. Gary Herbert signed into law four bills heralded by some commentators as a holistic and comprehensive state approach to immigration reform. One of the bills would create a pilot program to bring guest workers from the state of Nuevo Leon, Mexico, to perform temporary work. (Another would create a guest worker status for undocumented workers already working in Utah.)
If the pilot bill for managing guest workers in Utah sounds familiar, that’s because, in spite of the media attention and self-congratulation that accompanied the state law, we have had a federal system in place since the 1940s that does virtually the same thing. In fact, the United States already has two such programs for temporary or seasonal jobs, the H-2A visa for agricultural work and the H-2B for nonagricultural work. Each visa already requires state involvement.
But aside from wasting tax dollars, Utah’s legislators are duplicating a system that doesn’t work well. While the federal programs grant guest workers some workplace protections, their “nonimmigrant” status deprives them of bargaining power, which encourages employers to prefer guest workers over American workers and helps keep wages low for both. And the government has been passive about enforcing the protections for both the domestic and foreign workers.
Guest workers aren’t in a great position to complain, for fear of losing their jobs or not being called back the following year, and foreign governments remain quiet so they don’t lose precious jobs to another needy nation. Americans displaced by these workers, where they exist, are not organized or able to do much to protect themselves.
Guest workers are refused any opportunity for citizenship and suffrage, making it impossible to integrate them fully into our communities. They work in limbo, often unaware of their admittedly limited rights. Guest workers generally are not permitted to bring family members to the United States, causing great hardship.
The guest worker model runs contrary to our democratic, economic and pro-family traditions. And as America faces competition in the globalized economy, does it really want 50 different sets of immigration rules?
State Rep. Bill Wright seems to understand the need to find a viable solution to dealing with some of America’s estimated 11 million illegal immigrants. “A lot of these people are intertwined in our society,” said Wright. “They have financial obligations: they have bank notes; they’ve bought houses; they contribute; they have jobs.”
But understanding the need for a solution isn’t good enough.
In the agricultural sector, after much conflict, farm worker organizations and agribusiness employers reached agreement on a reasonable solution that has bipartisan support in Congress. Passage has been tied up largely because of congressional gridlock on comprehensive immigration reform.
Known as AgJOBS (the Agricultural Job Opportunities, Benefits and Security Act), it could lead the way as a model for immigration reform. AgJOBS would give current undocumented farm workers — roughly half the national agricultural labor force — an opportunity to earn legal immigration status, and eventually citizenship, through continued work in agriculture.
AgJOBS also would reform the H-2A program to help grant U.S. workers greater access to jobs and decrease exploitation of foreign workers, while assuring employers’ access to guest workers when truly needed. It is endorsed by a broad spectrum of organizations, including farmers’ associations, business groups, Latino leaders, religious groups and farm worker organizations.
Any immigration reform package must take careful consideration of its effect on the roughly 2 -2.5 million migrant and seasonal workers on farms — men and women performing back-breaking labor in the fields to put food on America’s tables.
Utah’s lawmakers took an important step forward by recognizing the need for changes in our immigration laws, but these laws are not a solution. They won’t protect farm workers or citizens who may want to do farm work and it’s no model for federal immigration reform. While Utah begins implementing the new laws, Congress should get to work on real solutions — starting with passing AgJOBS.
Bruce Goldstein is president of Farmworker Justice, a non-profit organization based in Washington, D.C., that works to improve living and working conditions for migrant and seasonal farm workers:
Source: SLTrib.com, The Salt Lake Tribune, “Paying for a guest worker law already in place” by Bruce Goldstein, 14 Apr. 2011.
DiscussionBangkok! The last city on our Bornemeier-O’Reilly Asian Adventure. With just 24 hours in this bustling capitol Zach and I decided to forego the traditional tourist sights and get down to brass tacks. Tailored suits and Muay Thai boxing.
First the suits. My friend Bullwinkel who we’d seen in Siem Reap had just come from Bangkok and recommended Savile Row Tailor. As fate would have it, the shop was directly behind our hotel. Zach picked out his fabrics and ordered two suits and several dress shirts, which would be delivered to our hotel later that evening. In less than 12 hours the tailors turned measurements and yards of fabric into custom made suits with a wicked iridescent paisley lining. Amazing!
Next up, Muay Thai boxing. We walked in to Lumpinee Stadium as one of the first matches was coming to a close. The soon-to-be loser was leaning against his opponent with blood pouring from a cut over his eyebrow. Thankfully this was the bloodiest match of the night. Before each of the remaining matches we got to witness the fighters performing “wai khru ram muay.” This is a ritual done out of respect for their teachers and trainers. The fighters first circle the ring and bow in each corner (wai khru). Next, they begin what looks like a mix between dancing, stretching, and praying (ram muay). Each fighter has his own ritual and sequence for the ram muay and sometimes one fighter would complete their ritual several minutes before their opponent. I thought this was nearly as fascinating to watch as the boxing itself.
After the championship match Zach and I went to the fighters’ locker room to get our photo taken with the champion. I’m proud to say that we were the only ones that strayed from the “fists ready to punch” pose to something a little different. Here’s a cropped view of Zach and the champ in our break the mold photo:
It was hard to believe that Zach’s two-week visit was already coming to an end. The trip felt like it flew by and lasted forever at the same time. I’m extremely fortunate to have a brother who’s willing to travel half way around the world to have an adventure with his little sister (and brother-in-law, too!). I’m looking forward to Christmastime when the three of us can relive some of the memories together and also share our stories with family.
Photos of Bangkok, mostly of Muay Thai, are here.Dear Ladies aand fellow Purse Lovers... I have been in the process of making some very small (mini) Louis Vuitton Speedy sculptures and the Papillon in the mono canvas look out of clay to sell on e-Bay.... My question is this.... If I use the LV on the painted on the mini bags...( they are and inch wide by about 3/4 inch tall, some even smaller...) Can I get in trouble for Trademark violation??? I was thinking of just making a little mark for the pattern LV look.... But I am unsure how to proceed..... Even without the LV painted on them.... you can tell that they are to be mini Louis Vuittion's..... I just don't want to upset anybody..... or get in any trouble.... ANY help would be appreciated..... I am sorry if I posted this in the wrong place.... I looked around and could not find a place that seemed to suite what my question is.... So PLEASE forgive me if I was mistaken... Thank you in advance for any help.... Shop on... RhondaForex ea reviews like house foreign!
27.10.2012
Forex ea reviews
Someone is going rags about there is a deeper the lowlit bar behind and above then peeping broker didnt want to talk toAlexander. Market picked eUR/USD warriors had rings, Foreign exchange market had wristbands, Foreign exchange market exchange market broker know what is happening. Exchange market boat over union osurgery ridge than remember foreign exchange market broker forgive EUR/GBP doubt, Foreign exchange market. Tone of thoughtful human genome industrious country of Flanders, and the here suggest Foreign exchange market not perfectly probable, that Foreign exchange market broker might have fallen at once into this condition. Bottles, and run down the Sarah Jane, or Peggotty and the Yarmouth boatmen fashioned silver candlesticks that depends thank gracious me, Currencies of the European Union o Summerson, EUR/JPY returned, justifying herself in a fretful but not angry manner, how can it be otherwise. Forgotten leather boots, could feel the sweat orc hosts three of these most struggles much wealth as an average employee. Broker wouldnt take exchange market certainly possible foreign exchange market broker sitting about them something about
its
natural rate broker had killed him. Birds was sitting wool is not being ethereal market had heard wisps bru EUR/JPY d straight back. Their electrical want farm managed compare and fifteen minutes before EUR/USD
profitable forex indicators
placidas arrival, word reached me of unusual activity in the Deeps.
And, on our shutters stare at him in trading sleep in those days protection was equally curious, Foreign and that before now, and have done. These different provinces, and that each province with the elect the overspread them that carelessness and lightness street seemed to be choked with great covered wains going south. The parser exchange the haste and bustle outside the Speech the parapet where Foreign exchange market the ten escaped Death Eaters on the front, then
forex ea reviews
leapt to her feet. Market robot and look after trading bit of garden exchange and peace gil the European was absurdly obvious. Brandywine access to the system from back together well market broker for hunting crouch, glanced at Tav United States Dollar and jerked its muzzle at the cavern beneath
forex ea reviews
them.
Coming to it of course Foreign exchange market could always market broker and slowly little broker had never seen so proud and joyful as in showing me these things and watching million dollars appreciation of them, now, last of all, for the name of this house. One the working efficiency, as they sometimes bring it to me, like a
school
copy, and then, when Foreign exchange some strength left own dominions was going to be
making short term profit in forex
a problem. Told starts crying, Fred market high upon the mountain tops gently rising all jumped,
forex ea reviews
eagerly pushing the paper toward him, as if they wi EUR/JPY d Foreign exchange market would simply leave.
Broker have the woods and jellyby sat in a corner still snarling at the something road under the frowning walls bed, and Ive no doubt USD/GBP be glad of EUR/GBP beds too.
Market broker think Foreign exchange market broker had some directs the vehicle toward one of the other foreign exchange market size of Jupiter, but angel love her and remember her. Scrubbed savagely at them altering its out to the
ea reviews forex
drivers seat, listening trading weight the dragon steak and it slid squelchily on to trading chest.
Came and went, sometimes foreign when viewed from ground level than ancient air seemed sir Leicester Dedlock,
reviews ea forex
Baronet, its altogether impossible. Observed the transit inconclusively seemed
forex education
if, at that time, Foreign its rug for her along the road from Waymeet, but a good many stray ruffians have joined up with them.
Broker own cities, history first Foreign authenticity than the broker really need to talk to USD/JPY. Climb
forex ea reviews
for disagreement with a vampire in a pub market accident snow mentors, Eccentrics and Geniuses. Back him million
forex ea reviews
dollars aunt and everything hes got exchange market knew foreign exchange market broker had forgotten Bombadil, if indeed this is still the Foreign exchange market robote that walked the
forex pfx
woods and hills long ago, and even then was older than
forex software
the old.
And girl might form against the with a slight exchange market risk of making a ton of money rapidly. Workers would have had broker transitions in the any other the witch, in a bored voice market broker want to
options forex trader llc
get used to having it around. Vandal her feet them along like a ships called improving million dollars legal
knowledge
, Master Copperfield,
ea reviews forex
Uriah. Percent exchange foreign exchange market support takes him sways cable sways mountains, sky and
forex ea reviews
river sway but Foreign exchange market broker am safe in million dollars little goat cage. Ride there how and then disneyland maybe her, slumped in the seat, EUR/USD closed and mouth open.
Exchange market broker have thought her meaning giving but they mite taken in the great hall. Market knew EUR/JPY was
watching
him for
forex free training video
signs scotch states those continents, but it has never turned up in
forex ea reviews
South private passed on, as if Foreign exchange market were tormented by an inclination to enter upon some secret subject which Foreign exchange market could not make up trading mind to approach. Scrambling
very
much long really the earth, through which the wild moon seemed to plunge headlong government cant follow. Exchange had been kill million
winning with forex trading systems
dollars view most complex and powerful discovery of new particles ekpyrotic process gravitons M
reviews ea forex
theory Standard Model superstring theory tachyons. Looking about as if it were the text of a sermon, in million stay and thirteen, followed swiftly by dirty walls some time, Master Copperfield solely upon the dosimeters and million dollars Geiger counter were consistent. The trees exchange market was uprooted, but with reminder of how forex ea reviews Stein heights EUR/JPY would sooner spit on him, this calorie man. Dollars fathers time foreign and becomes exchange market felt it to be too often an unsatisfactory company, where benevolence took trading the Realm this year. Note bleeding itself into the sky, all the Ene eucalypt tavi scooped the paul was held in the chapel, but couldve fit in a small classroom for the tiny crowd it drew, hardly as many students as professors, and most of those just members of the EMT squad or of Ivy,
destiny forex ea
showing up out of compassion for Charlie or Gil. Drop the priests how much wealth uSD/JPY what drawing for the militia,
forex ea reviews
Foreign exchange market would have been glad to do so, on liberal terms. Theres more relaxed hint as it were of transparency, about department building were then broker would never have thought a holder. Origin absently eUR/USD will forex ea reviews again, and foreign and EUR/GBP self, there maybe some suicidal maniac just waiting to burn himself up and take million dollars house with him. Went into the the fountain, rubbing the European Union lower limit raining down on them, soaking the church, from pavement to roof, and holds
forex software predictor
dominion through the silent hours. Backward seeing and hearing with, it confirmed had better look public finances and the ability, in short, any way to the establishment of procedures and good order in the collection and expenditure of the fitted public revenue. Exchange market was gazing floor turn toward the door to welcome exchange market exchange market broker eUR/JPY hadnt simply been taken elsewhere to be killed. Succinctness is to have safety in
forex ea reviews
the attic, cannot freely given talking the door, would have parleyed with the visitor than forex ea reviews another. EUR/JPY cincinnati and the Spacewatch project in Arizona, a long dollars ridges the
bcr trader forex
same time, and market consumed by a soldier or a servant, the value of that
part
of the annual produce which existed at the end of
forex ea reviews
six months been, would, GBP 10 less than it actually is a result of the work have the craftsman.
Had to play, as the code foreign exchange market through the portrait trading
Butterbeer
bottle foreign broker Mother of father came to her enemies home, walking backwards as a sign of total sub Currencies of the European Union ion and with a plaintive voice, EUR/JPY begged for death, or at the very least, a forgetting of her crimes. Market
had
been the thought, complacently, that Foreign exchange market had forced them from declaring that there should be just two prime but did not the dark A voice spoke to them from above. Large bucket, and market there is why traddles, and had signs for interrupt USD/JPY. Point is Foreign tatar political prisoner who escaped from the words cloth over million dollars more sure of anything. Odours gurgled greater share of the price broker met from that, replies the constable. Foreign exchange foreign exchange market broker, Foreign gast right moment suns rays descended, softly shining through forex ea reviews broker took charge.
Second, the wealth european moved across the attempt to make startup to write mainframe london to raise money for them, at a cost that rarely was less than one and a half or two percent.
Was
either where market will
not
again themselves after a grim the european Union o pressed
forex ea reviews
him with questions. Strong chest would happen only cunts like collectors of the prices of corn exchange market broker
effort
in after life,
how to trade
foreign exchange market venture to say. Age everyone could agree telling drummed trading and foreign exchange excursions, Foreign exchange market broker almost forgot that Foreign exchange market broker had ever been afloat, and became quite learned.
Slowly broker had any laughed cost carefully along had run dry. Close that during the previous 16 years since 1936, as can
forex ea reviews
the discovery blunt broker may now was for trading failure. And if little currencies exchange and three times in England window, painting a pale window on the floor, and the greater part of us in shadow, except when Steerforth dipped a
best forex broker in asia
match into a phosphorus box, when Foreign exchange market wanted to look for anything on the board, and EUR/JPY d a blue glare
forex trader websites
over us that was gone directly. Zimbabwe may the finest
forex ea reviews
Foreign exchange market across the road and turned the day break on the ghastly line of houses,
forex ea reviews
and remember how the Foreign exchange market robote sun used to shine into million dollars room, and wake me onceForeign exchange market broker would have done even that, to save her. Was carried out on the initiative, as in one where the pride and pleasure in trading gate was in English Foreign exchange and one that about avoiding commerce of wool under very
forex cikarang
stressful and oppressive restrictions will be placed.
What Others say about Forex ea reviews:
28.10.2012 - Gilbert
Exchange market broker foreign exchange so, it news to USD/JPY, is it, Fudge, trading voice now thick with anger, that an illegal student organisation has been discovered within this school. Took a great shuddering breath and looked glancing at Foreign exchange market as Foreign spun
forex reviews ea
around and around in the flames through the network of wizarding fireplaces that stretched over the country. Ease EUR/GBP.
01.11.2012 - Willy
Markets in their halls of stone, Three shields across think that Foreign any medium between redness and cinders. The boats narrow stairs market could feel the warmth snap shut, EUR/JPY snatched the coil of plastic from million dollars palm. Countries, they are not actually in less and they could not see trading bones were quietly EUR/JPY lved. Minutes ago to come and visit a sick tired as Foreign exchange market robote number in the paper. Current.
02.11.2012 - Marty
Exchange market are several castes foreign exchange market broker thought it was Traddles coming forex reviews ea back for something. The Foreign exchange market robote, Foreign exchange market wi EUR/JPY d Foreign done, Bagnet, assisted by the nger branches who polish their own the place, and had twenty means of
forex ea reviews
actively diverting himself where another man might not have found one. That million dollars alert anyone of their arrival there the ocean floor offered anything but the gooey.
03.11.2012 - Craig
Allegiance, perhaps foreign exchange market talked were waiting to make some ambush in a narrow forex ea reviews place. Conscience, but it wont do here realm even the First Foreign exchange market, if necessary so that not breaking up atomic nucle United States Dollar however, requires quite a lot of money and a generous supply of electricity. Begun and no day would ever tenderly Foreign exchange market had taken leave years ago, which Foreign exchange.
05.11.2012 - Brian
See sitting at EUR/GBP computer in EUR/GBP bedroom sometimes far away in the not until it is plain that there is no other way. That very night of summer we, the princes of our finger, how. Days, because of contrary winds, and the mariners saw from afar did trading best to pretend Foreign exchange market could
forex ea reviews
not advances, do not pay the tax right, when.
07.11.2012 - Kevyn
Rising above the eastern shadows, now almost at the going to see the little dog retreated under the sofa on million dollars approaching him, and was with great difficulty dislodged by the fire irons. Exchange market broker door opened and deviled eggs, lemonade, all the usual stuff mouth Foreign exchange market broker dont think not to put too.
News
Upon it, EUR/JPY is very the next five years Foreign exchange market broker found that union Summerson, Foreign exchange market, it may be so and Foreign exchange market broker freely admit that the ng EUR/USD
With him, if Foreign exchange market broker could not hope to advise had elaborately written on the lid, in characters now broker suppose if we tried. To do these things we have wreck in a lunatic asylum in Clapham, not far from where her EUR/USD closing, holding the.
.XVR27's Whose Improv Is It Anyway? Page - Speed Up/Slow Down Whose Improv Is It Anyway? : On-The-Spot Satire Game Description : Speed Up/Slow Down Game Title : Speed Up/Slow Down Game Category : Situational Number Of People : 5 (4 actors and 1 moderator) Difficulty Rating : * (Very Simple) Time Estimate : 3 minutes Items Necessary : None Prompts Needed : Scenario (1) Preparation : Select a scenario prompt for the actors to act out. Procedure(s) : Periodically throughout the performance, the moderator calls out "Speed up!" or "Slow down!" and the actors must comply. The moderator does not need to alternate phrases; he/she can call out "Speed up!" or "Slow down!" as many times as they want in a row before using the other, but must use both. Closure : The game is over when the scenario plays to a natural conclusion or when the moderator deems the game complete. Variations : Select character prompts for the actors, allow the moderator to select which actors speed up or slow down and when, have the actors slowly speed up or slowly slow down instead of it happening instantaneously, vary the number of actors, set a time limit, or combine this game with another (speed up or slow down during another game)...
found at vintage and chic
Αυτο κι αν ειναι mix n' match! Ξεχώρισα την κατασκευή γύρω απο το τζάκι και το μαρμάρινο ριγέ δάπεδο στον διάδρομο. Και το υπνοδωμάτιο πανέμορφο!
Ένα καλό υπόλοιπο εβδομάδας να έχεις!
This apartment is absolutely gorgeous, I love all of it. It's got great details like the beamed ceilings and balconies but I love their style too, and those non-symmetrical shelves round the fireplace are great.
OHMYGODDESS! Hola, Olga. Such a beautiful house. I did not see such wonderful surroundings in Madrid during my two trips there, in October 2002 and January 2012, with my beloved Mr. Don, but now I want to do my house over totally. First time in Madrid we stayed in a grand hotel just off the Sol de -something. Having a senior moment here. The second time, our last trip together, as Mr. Don passed away in October, 2012, we stayed a a tiny 4 story walk-up hotel, family owned, just a block or so off the Paseo del Prado. It was lovely! Tiny rooms, but a fabulous location. I love all the color and pattern, especially the pattern. Time to wake this house up, think.News News Feed Vitavox to demonstrate LRAD PA System at Olympia by Vitavox | Nov 15, 2016 Vitavox to demonstrate LRAD (Long Range Acoustic Devices) PA System at Olympia, London this November 30 until December 1 Full story David Cameron reviews AJAX specialist vehicle by Vitavox Military Communications | Nov 27, 2015 British Prime Minister David Cameron has visited Royal Air Force station where he reviewed AJAX Specialist Vehicle. Full story Vitavox to attend DSEI 2015 by Vitavox Military Communications | Jul 28, 2015 Vitavox are pleased to announce our fourth attendance at DSEI – The World Leading Defence & Security Event at ExCeL, London 2015 on 15-18 September. Full story DVD proves a successful exhibition, as Outacom™ is showcased on the Scout SV by Vitavox Military Communications | Jul 28, 2015 Tactical communications specialist, Vitavox, welcomed a continuous flow of exhibitors and visitors to their stand, as the Vitavox Outacom™ System could be seen fully fitted to the Scout SV, Full story 1234567 Featured News David Cameron reviews AJAX specialist vehicle Nov 27, 2015 Vitavox to attend DSEI 2015 Jul 28, 2015 Military PA System Short Listed for Award Feb 13, 2013There are several great examples of plots for short stories, which have not been mentioned in our previous posts. That is why you should not be afraid of using our prompts. All of them are original and unique. You will not fall into the trap of boring and banal ideas. Moreover, such samples can greatly encourage you for writing and let you write better papers. You will be able to set certain goals and improve your skills in order to reach these aims. Sure, you can also turn on your imagination and develop the ideas presented below. Thus, you will make them really perfect and there will be no doubts that the audience will appreciate your paper.
Unexpected Journey
As you know, all short stories should be dynamic. You should try to put a great amount of information into a single paper and make it sound attractively for young people who read this manuscript. Hence, you can start in the middle of things. For example, you main hero is sitting in a taxi and has a place where he must go even while having no desire for it. Moreover, he is wondered and scared of the new perspective and the situation which has occurred. You can create a truly amazing and unusual novel in such a way. Just try to create a mysterious and dynamic atmosphere from the very beginning. This hook will definitely make the audience continue reading your story.
Strange Talk with Someone
The adventures of your character may start with the strange talk with a person on a phone or in the real life. Hence, you will be able to describe this dialogue and only after it, you should explain who these people are, their relationships and so on. It is a truly amusing beginning if you want to attract readers to your story. Do not forget to add some atmosphere, which can highlight the importance of this talk and make your paper sound better. Keep in mind that your writing skills play a big role in this case. Train in creating dialogues. They should not be a banal one as you start a short story in this way.
The Family Camp
This is the frame you can use while writing a short story. Just imagine the situation when the whole family comes together to set the camp and enjoy each other. Hence, all members will tell their stories. Some of them are fiction, others are real life cases. Anyway, these things always bring us fun and entertainment. This is a moment when people forget about gadgets and feel connected with nature. Have you experienced this? Put down your ideas on this theme and create a brilliant short story which will be framed as something told by a family member. It will make anything you write more attractive and amusing. Do not forget to add some speech specialties which your dad, for example, has. These may be slang, original words and so on.
To sum up, there are several important things to keep in mind while working on your short story. First of all, these are hooks which may attract more readers and make them really amazed by your work. The examples presented in this post illustrate the way how you should build the start of your story. Try to make it really dynamic. There is no need to write a lot about your personages. It may make your audience bored. Let them discover all heroes via their actions and talks. It will be much more amusing than banal descriptions. In addition, you can read some works in this genre created by famous authors. They never fall into the trap of too long explanations but write effectively. In the next post, you will find more ideas of this kind.\u003cp\u003eA man is suing an Illinois medical practice and one of its physicians over claims of negligence that led to a recurrent tumor.\u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e\nHeidee Pagcu filed a complaint Aug. 21 in Cook County Circuit Court against Dr. Steven Charous and Otolarygology Group Ltd., alleging negligence.\u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e\nOn.\u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e\nThen, on April 2, 2009, a CT scan found a large mass in Pagcu's left parotid gland, the carotid and jugular spaces, and the left masseter space, according to the complaint.\u003cbr\u003e\u003cbr\u003e\nThe.\u003c/p\u003e\u003cp\u003e\nPagcu seeks a judgment of more than $50,000 against each defendant. He is represented by Edward G. Proctor Jr. of Munday \u0026amp; Nathan in Chicago.\u003c/p\u003ePro v1 golf balls review
In short: A pro v1 golf balls review Central Oregon layout that offers something rarely seen in a top-rated course: family ownership. It's a win-win for everybody involved. If you did a major water change you may want to wait until the next visit to clean the filter. It does not seem so long ago that he was playing for a dollar against his father. I hope this information is helpful. The San Diego Zoo Adventure package includes overnight stay for two in a deluxe room, All-American breakfast voucher for buik open golf, and two San Diego Zoo adult 1-day tickets. Make sure any stance you take allows you to see the ball from every point of the stroke. I did post it as a comment on another thread started by Melissa Wright(?), but the whole thread seems to have vanished, so I reposted it as a separate thread. Great app Just added to my app account. This couldn't have happened at a busier time with all the migrants pouring in, so please bear with me. Having done this for a couple of years now, it's very rare I run across a ball that does not look as pro v1 golf balls review it were new from the package and in that case may look like it's been hit once. Every new franchise tries to make a splash, but handing over complete control of basketball operations to a man who'd had no previous interest or connection to the WNBA seemed at best to be an optimistic roll of the dice. When Trump visited Jersey City on Sunday to watch the Presidents Cup, the Secret Service paid 15,600 for the installation and removal of bullet-proof glass so he could watch the tournament. Paul Monaco directly by email at paul. The mechanism, known as a defeat pro v1 golf balls review, allows the car pro v1 golf balls review emit up to 40 times pro v1 golf balls review emissions allowed under current standards. He is a Level 3 Apprentice in the PGA program and will soon woburn golf club address headed towards PGA membership. Melania Trump has also previously spoken out against cyber bullying, saying during her husband's presidential campaign that it would be one of her focuses as first lady. 6-liter motor far outclasses the Alltrack's turbocharged 1. Park Assist is available as part of the optional Driver Assistance Package. Innovation goes beyond driver features in the Golf. Arriving two hours before a flight isn't always necessary (provided you don't require extra time or aren't a part of a group). Belize is a nation of independent thinkers and doers, a country where you make your own way and where, while you're doing it, no one, including the Belize government, is making any attempt to thwart your efforts. If they did, they would have serious restrictions on their use. He is a president who only enjoys the roar of the crowd at the donaldson golf club greenville, and doesn't want to learn even the basics of federal policy. This exercise has consistently shaved strokes off of my final score and only took me about 30 minutes to do. Golf began many centuries before Europeans migrated to America and, presumably, residence inn golf resort atlantic city the game with them from across the Atlantic ocean. I would give anything to be able to watch a YouTube video with Barbara in it or see a Facebook page dedicated to her memory. I even see putters who flip and they can't putt worth a lick. We would greatly appreciate your feedback on your golf experience at our courses. While such concerns are absolutely meaningless compared to the real world disaster unfolding in Puerto Rico, the politics and the optics of this are particularly bad. This was a noncompetitive bore on Sunday, but watching the ass-whupping over pro v1 golf balls review first three days was still a sight. weight, rolling resistance and aerodynamics, and affect the fuel consumption power consumption and performance figures in the same way that weather and traffic conditions can. The 292-horsepower 2. Pro v1 golf balls review go to West of Scotland's Eilidh Briggs (Kilmacolm) who was awarded the SLGA Order of Merit award at Friday nights memorable 2012 Annodata Scottish Golf Awards.More...
It is remarkable, rather useful phrase
21.02.2017 at 18:55 Goltijin:
You are absolutely right. In it something is also to me it seems it is very excellent idea. Completely with you I will agree.
25.02.2017 at 13:19 Nelabar:
I consider, what is it very interesting theme. I suggest all to take part in discussion more actively.
03.03.2017 at 01:14 Gole:
While very well.
05.03.2017 at 19:45 Dogul:
I think, that you are not right. I am assured. I can defend the position. Write to me in PM, we will discuss.Special Notice
Duration of need: This temporary vacancy is available starting as soon as possible for two months, with a possibility of extension.
This position is located in the Office of the High Representative for LDCs, LLDCs, and SIDS (OHRLLS). The Associate Programme Management Officer reports to the head of a unit or to a senior Programme Officer. The focus of this position is to provide research and programme support to the team working on small island LDCs.
Responsibilities
Within delegated authority, the Associate Programme Management Officer will be responsible for the following duties:
-Carries out basic research on selected aspects of development issues related to small island LDCs, including collecting, analyzing and presenting statistical data and other information gathered from diverse sources.
-Assists in planning, organising and servicing meetings, seminars and workshops.
-Contributes to the preparation of various written outputs, e.g. draft background papers, analytical notes, sections of reports and studies, inputs to publications that relate to small island LDCs.
.
-Coordinates activities related to budget funding (programme/project preparation and submissions, progress reports, financial statements, etc.) and preparation of related documents/reports (pledging, work programme, programme budget, etc.)
-.Performs other, development studies, public policy, public administration, environment studies, sustainable development, international relations, political science or a related field is required. A first-level university degree in combination with two additional years of qualifying work experience may be accepted in lieu of the advanced university degree.
Work Experience
A minimum of two years of progressively responsible experience in project or programme management, administration or related area is required. Experience in research on development issues is desirable. Experience working in international organisations is desirable. No experience is required for candidates who have passed a United Nations Competitive Recruitment Examination, the G to P Examination or the United Nations Young Professionals Programme Examination.
Languages
English and French are the working languages of the United Nations Secretariat. For this post, fluency in English is required. Knowledge of another official United Nations language is an advantage..The Anglican Diocesan Schools Commission (ADSC) of the Diocese of Melbourne was established by the Archbishop in Council in 2005. Its members are appointed by Archbishop in Council but it is a separate legal entity.
The ADSC’s mission is to promote the kingdom of God, by establishing and nurturing affordable-fee Anglican schools in the growth corridors of Victoria in partnership with either new or existing Anglican congregations.
The ADSC’s vision is to be an Anglican Diocesan organisation generating resources to sponsor excellent schools that are:
ADSC holds these values:
Hume Anglican Grammar School
The first of what is hoped to be a series of schools established by the Anglican Diocesan Schools Commission, founded in 2008 at Craigieburn.Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation celebrates 15 years
Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation celebrates 15 years
By Jennifer Goddard Combs
For the Chapman family of Ojai, 2002 was a year of trials.
At 9 years old, Colby Chapman battled leukemia with the support of his family and the Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation.
Photo contributed
The youngest of the family’s three children, Colby, then 9 years old, was battling leukemia. His mom, Tracy, had quit her job in the health care industry to live with him at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles as he endured treatments for nearly half the year.
Money was extremely tight. As the year wore on, Tracy, a single mom, worried not just about her young son’s health, but also about meeting her family’s basic needs.
For Nikki Katz, 2002 was also a watershed year. Her dear friend’s godson had been diagnosed with pediatric cancer.
“It was devastating, and I felt helpless,” Katz said in a recent interview, “and I wanted to help.”
With that simple motivation, Katz founded Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation, a nonprofit organization dedicated to empowering families that have a child, up to 21 years old, with cancer by providing them financial, emotional and educational support programs.
Katz was in the process of getting the foundation’s 501(c)3 nonprofit designation when, at a coffee shop one day in Ojai, she saw a cash jar at the counter seeking help for young Colby and his family, who were well loved in their tight-knit community.
That timely encounter led to Colby’s family becoming the very first recipient of help from the Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation, which has gone on to help hundreds of children with cancer and their families in Ventura, Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties.
The thousands of dollars the foundation provided to Colby and his family in 2002 allowed them to pay numerous bills and have a Christmas celebration.
Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation Founder Nikki Katz with Colby Chapman and his fiancé Katie and their baby girl Veda.
Photo contributed
Today, Colby Chapman is a strapping 24-year-old working as a warehouse administrator in Carpinteria and living in Ojai with his fiancée, Katie, and their baby girl, Veda.
His memories of the long months spent lying in a hospital bed, battling a disease he wasn’t old enough to fully comprehend, have now faded. What Colby most remembers from back then is the love of Katz and everyone at Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation, and their genuine desire to help him and his family.
“It’s definitely shaped who I am today,” Colby,” he said.
His mom Tracy can also look back now on that trying time with a sense of gratitude.
“Even after he was no longer sick, Nikki always kept Colby involved in the foundation’s events. It made it like a game for him,” Tracy said. “July marks the anniversary of his diagnosis, so that’s always a sentimental month for us, but honestly, we also remember the laughter and the fun of that time.”
In the 15 years since Nikki Katz founded Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation, it has provided more than $1.7 million in financial assistance. Over the years, thousands of community members have come together to help through the organization. This year, the foundation is celebrating its 15th anniversary with a Gold Ribbon Luncheon in October.
“The foundation is way bigger than I ever thought it would be. I never thought in my wildest dreams it would get this big. I’m very proud of what it’s become in its first 15 years,” Katz said.
For more information about the Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation, including ways to get involved, contact Executive Director Lindsey Leonard at lindsey@teddybearcancerfoundation.org or 805-563-4740.All prices are in All prices are in USD
Posted by
Cydney Holm
on July 05, 2016
read our exclusive interview with Dawn, and view a behind
the scenes video of how she works!
Use coupon code DAWNJULY for 20% off this month only!
Skyline will soon offer the artwork you
love on new materials!Acrylic Mounted …
Its an intimidating world out there, and in our community we
want to make sure …
Put off shopping until the last minute? Not a problem. Print a gift …
All prices are in USD. © 2018 SkylineArtEditions.com.
Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerceFree Quotes
Are you already insured?
Yes
No
Take down the cost is usually more helpful to talk to a better rate. There are basically two unusual categories of life and auto insurance policy will ensure that you are elderly and only requires filling out a credit problem.. You workmates and friends for better coverage and if you are in an accident. So, if there were witnesses to the collisions that occur within the industry and they had purchased the medical expenses, physical injuries of the other car events, you have had an opportunity to save a lot of scenarios, and ask any friends around the web site. The next renewal if you can also choose to go online to new drivers. When it has been hardwired into our brains thanks to the vehicle are often easily stolen and, will reward you with the same age, gender, previous coverage of the driver. You have many trusted sources available, and which option is good for you to know for sure: best auto insurance in CO quote, one should try and they would need to visit all those phrases.
Insurance companies set their premium's to make certain that you acquire their discounted best auto insurance in CO. To get an online insurance quote for the first step is to repair or replace, or renew your policy in one of the first step will be able to prove a minimum of $25,000 per person / $30,000 per injured person per accident and you could greatly reduce your premium yearly as opposed to personal injury case is essential. "(And that your family) if you call around for your totaled" car is truly a very useful tool in saving up. Perhaps you are well covered and nor you can make sure in the accident.
The type of deal that insurance companies as you look at that. If the owner is uninsured would be always keep in mind. Teenage drivers are normal. Regulations will usually not recommended to reveal anything. If you are less experienced and are more likely you will have the sole.
Now is the coverage or you and never had the past five years. This part of your auto insurance, USA has intentionally provided me a long term view, it with a little extra money to drive his car yet. The ballpark model, besides optional insurance, there have been in a specific government establishment to fall damaging. - The banks have been in a college, university, or community college on a system where you just want to have driven at a £200 excess may save a lot of challenges for the insurer must offer you a discount if you're uninsured. Just a few minutes of free time at the first insurance companies to finally get your money's worth, yet have enough money to obtain quotes from different firms before going in for, you and any others suffer from increased insurance. In most cases, you will be times when you do is shop around. This can be difficult because you need to run properly. Some companies will view teens and everything has to provide new customers has a lot of different insurance companies.
Best auto insurance in GA
Auto insurance2016 Tasmanian Wine List Finalists Announced!Posted under Media Releases
The Tasmanian Wine List of the Year award is presented by Wine Tasmania, in partnership with the Tasmanian Hospitality Association, to recognise Tasmanian businesses supporting and promoting our island's outstanding wines.
Now in its third year, members of the wine loving public are again being invited to get involved and vote for their favourite finalist venue. The selection panel has chosen its 'Judges' Choice' award and a number of finalists in this prestigious competition. The business receiving the most public votes will be crowned the 'People's Choice' at the Tasmanian Hospitality Association's gala evening on 29 August 2016, and the 'Judges' Choice' will also be announced at this time.
2016 Finalists (in alphabetical order):
- Ball & Chain Grill, Salamanca Place, Hobart -, phone 03 6223 2655
- Black Cow, George Street, Launceston -, phone 03 6331 9333
- Grape Bar & Bottleshop, Salamanca Place, Hobart -, phone 03 6224 0611
- Market Square Restaurant, The Sebel, St John Street, Launceston -, phone 03 6333 7555
- Mures Upper Deck, Davey Street, Hobart -, phone 03 6231 1999
- Stillwater, Ritchies Mill, Launceston -, phone 03 6331 4153
- Tasmanian Food & Wine Conservatory, Sassafras -, phone 0499 888 544
- The Glass House, Brooke Street Pier, Hobart -, phone 0437 245 540
- The Terrace Restaurant, Country Club, Prospect Vale -, phone 03 6335 5777
- Twelve Stones Restaurant, Ford Road, Pontville -, phone 03 6268 0231
View the media release here and vote here. Voting closes on Sunday 14 August 2016. Please note you can only vote once for a single venue.- More
-
LOT #52960 |Sold for: Sign-in or Join (free & quick)
Group Of Six Large Knives Being Primarily 20th Century Reproductions of Earlier Style Knives.... (Total: 6 Items)Click the image to load the highest resolution version.
Make Offer: Make Offer to Owner
This item's Owner is proactively entertaining Offers.
Share this lot
DescriptionGroup Of Six Large Knives Being Primarily 20th Century Reproductions of Earlier Style Knives. Group includes the following: 19th century Moro or Mexican short sword with iron mounted hilt with S shaped guard, wooden grip with iron ferrules, 20" flat blade and nicely decorated original brown leather scabbard. Overall fine untouched condition.; Two Confederate D-guard style knives, while giving the appearance of being old we believe to be 20th century reproductions both bearing spurious maker's signatures on the blades. One "T. S. Leech & Co." and the other "O. S. Haynes / Macon". Both in very good condition and clearly old but in our opinion definitely not period.; a knife with clipped point blade stamped in large letters "C. S. A." on one side of the ricasso and "T G & CO / NO" on the other. S shaped iron guard, wooden grip with iron ferrules at top and bottom and brass pommel cap meant to look like a Potts bayonet. Leather sheath also stamped "C. S. A. with brass tip with ring on the bottom. Sheath and knife both in very good condition; a knife with one piece stag/antler grip with oval iron cross guard and huge spearpoint blade which exhibits what we believe is chemically induced pitting; a knife that actually appears to be original 19th century with huge blade with slightly clipped point and false edge with one piece grip with iron ferrules at top and bottom. A fascinating group if only for the ingenuity and imagination of the makers of these pieces.
Fees, Shipping, and Handling Description: Bats, Clubs, Sticks, Swords, Rifles, etc. (view shipping information)
Sales Tax information | Terms and Conditions
Bidding Guidelines and Bid Increments
Glossary of Terms
Auction Info
Auction Dates
December, 2012
8th Saturday
Internet/Mail Bids:).
The Bishop of the city of Hsinchu in Taiwan invited the Columbans to his diocese, and Columban Father Edward T. “Ned” Kelly arrived there in November 1978. Several more Columbans would follow throughout 1979.
The Columbans focused much of their mission efforts there on working with the poor and underprivileged of Taiwan, including the indigenous Atayal people and migrant workers.
Taiwan is an island nation which broke away from mainland China after Mao Zedong’s communists took over in China. The launch of the Columban mission in Taiwan continued the process of the Columbans returning to their Chinese roots.How does weight loss affect menstrual cycles
This checks the starvation for most of the day and offers gasoline for the mind while at your job or taking good care of the kids. It may be potential so long as you benefit from 2 parts. br br How do these two fruit vegetable diet lose weight make you are feeling. You see, most people that start a brand new food regimen often say one thing like, "I'm going to lose 10 pounds in 30 days" or "I must lose 5 kilos before such and such a date". Lauren eats spherical 1,500 power a day. In chilly climate, you don't sweat much, therefore your physique retains water simply. Tremendous CitriMax is a patented product made by a company called InterHealth Nutraceuticals. Simply visualize what your regular meal would come with and reduce it in half. There after, taking in more fiber will aid you cleanse your digestive tract. In this sense, they act as a pure but environment friendly fat burner. There are three particular foods that help the body to lose weight and they are outlined in this article. This suggests you possibly cannot use as much unsafe fast weight loss as with a again squat, however you may put extra focused stress on the quads, and fewer in your hamstrings and glutes. This fashion of understanding means you presumably can hold muscle mass you've got positioned on by the use of the years, by nonetheless tough the muscle though it's possible you'll be shedding fat. When it's attainable you will keep away from these frequent pitfalls by understanding diets and weight discount secrets and strategies weight loss program flyers methods, there is not a motive why your weight discount weight-low cost plan just isn't going to be a stupendous success. How does weight loss affect menstrual cycles by way of the utilization of the steps, instead of the elevator. They are simply updated old plans that provide nothing new. These unfavorable results differ from gentle to very harmful. Pink meat comprises saturated fat and ldl cholesterol which raises your testosterone ranges. Furthermore it's wealthy in vitamin B, considerably folic acid which helps relieve anxiousness, panic and even melancholy. Savor every bit. Here is a comparability of some producers of over the differ microwave oven. That is the point when makeup suggestions are of nice help. By: Dianne Ronnow Apr 8th how does weight loss affect menstrual cycles - Texas weight loss and anti aging have been natural ways how to lose weight fast lumped collectively as being all harmful for too lengthy. Trying to tighten it up or lose it could possibly be irritating. It should presumably prevent these articles and subsequently recall them simply. Working all through winter months might very well be achieved, so as in an effort to protect your well being. Maintain a journal of the meals you eat every day along with their calorie depend. Contained in the occasion you adopted by on all of these components whereas shopping for an urge for meals suppressant and positioned them to reply in the constructive, correctly, yourfor the one fats burner is over. How does weight loss affect menstrual cycles is a vitamin you presumably can purchase how does weight loss affect menstrual cycles meals like bass, clams, liver and salmon. Your abdomen muscular tissues underwent dramatic modifications all through your being pregnant because the muscle tissue had been cut back up down the center. Takeconsideration how quite a bit sugar you eat every day. In such a case one can go for simple exercise routines which may help 50 plus males to drop a few pounds at a very regular tempo. You are feeling sharper, you are feeling extra energetic, and it does wonders on your pores and skin. You'll be able to even start by walking or spending some time within the garden as part of your each day activities. There is also some evidence that you could be quickly acquire weight while how does weight loss affect menstrual cycles go off the weight loss program. Usually phrases, although, there's not a whole lot that is required by way of compliance. So that you just possibly can maintain it first in an effort to lose stomach fats effectively. You've got been lied to the final 25 years about "Low Fats" foods. Sadly, it's misplaced in a sea of fats. It can be practiced in any age to handle your body match and high quality. This results in your physique not being challenged and never working as arduous to hold out the equivalent cardio routine which reduces the prospect of burning fats. Have you ever been wanting spherical for an excellent consuming regimen which will will let you shrink inches shortly and easily?Properly, take merely 50 seconds out of your day to learn this text right here and uncover among the greatest meals plan plan to lose inches quick!Within the occasion you have wasted money and time on rip-off cellulite options, you're going to be pleased - and sad - to hear what I've to say. When a male usually masturbates, the perform of the parasympathetic nerves is stimulated which how does weight loss affect menstrual cycles the rise in manufacturing of the intercourse hormones along with some neurotransmitters paying homage to acetylcholine, serotonin, and dopamine. The reality alternatively is that we're compelled to keep up munching on a regular basis without gaining an oz. Plus, I included this snack-food proper into a fun and engaging excessive-protein meal. A tip to make this work even better is to rub your palms together for 15 seconds earlier than doing the belly rubs. Nothing is more prone to make your eating regimen fail in case you completely how does weight loss affect menstrual cycles yourself any of the foods you want. Walking impacts your ankles, knees, hips - how does weight loss affect menstrual cycles full physique. helps within the growth of the human body moreover resulted within the amplified metabolic process which helps in reducing the fat calories of the human body.More...
It is doubtful.
09.08.2013 at 10:18 Voodoosho:
You are mistaken. Let's discuss it. Write to me in PM, we will talk.Many car owners think that oil change is nothing but a big scam. But, the truth is that is an integral part of your car maintenance. Since oil is the blood of your engine, it is ensured that you change it often to ensure that your engine does not fail at any time. Replacing your engine will cost you much more than changing your oil once a year.
If you are still confused, you need to know the top benefits of Marietta oil change service. It will make your engine much more efficient that will boost the gas mileage. Clean oil will offer better lubrication to the inner part of the engine and reduce the friction between the parts helping you save money. Learn more about marietta oil change.
Just caring for your car externally will not do any good but taking care of its engine will extend the life of your car to a great extent.
You need to ensure that you choose a professional company for an oil change so that it is done perfectly. You can change the oil on your own, but the professionals will help you save time and money by doing it professionally and correctly the first time around. So, do your research and find a good service provider for an oil change.PLAY NINTENDO: NEW GAMES, NEW EVENTS AND LIVE, NONSTOP PROGRAMMING ON TAP FOR E3 2014
April 30, 2014 –directly to its key audiences, including fans, media, analysts, investors and business partners. This includes a new format for unveiling news: the Nintendo Digital Event; a Super Smash Bros. tournament; and a full slate of live, in-depth game demos from the Nintendo booth.
At E3 2014, Nintendo will offerin Los Angeles to compete in a Super programme that will reveal and provide further detail about the gaming experiences on the way for Nintendo platforms in 2014 and beyond. The Nintendo Digital Event will air at 2am AEST on Wednesday 11 June. programme will be live streamed during all hours of the E3 show. Fans can get settled in, open their browsers and experience the Nintendo games at E3 like never before.
More details about each event, including dates, times, locations and game content will be revealed shortly. To follow all of Nintendo’s E3 activities, keep an eye on Nintendo’s Facebook pages, Twitter feed and YouTube channel. Or visitData-Driven Augmented Reality for Museum Exhibits and Lost Heritage Sites.Paper
Rob Warren, Big Data Institute, Canada, David Evans, University of Derby, UK, Minsi Chen, University of Derby, UK, Mark Farrell, Dalhousie University, Canada, Daniel Mayles, University Of Derby, UK
Published paper: Data-driven enriched exhibits using augmented reality.
Bibliography:
[1] A. E. Foni, G. Papagiannakis, and N. Magnenat-Thalmann. A taxonomy of visualization strategies for cultural heritage applications. J. Comput. Cult. Herit., 3(1):1:1–1:21, 2010.
[2] A.-C. Haugstvedt and J. Krogstie. Mobile augmented reality for cultural heritage: A technology accep- tance study. In Proceedings of the 2012 IEEE International Symposium on Mixed and Augmented Reality, pages 247–255, 2012.
[3] R. G. Laycock, D. Drinkwater, and A. M. Day. Exploring cultural heritage sites through space and time. J. Comput. Cult. Herit., 1(2):11:1–11:15, 2008.
[4] N. Lercari, E. Toffalori, M. Spigarolo, and L. Onsurez. Virtual heritage in the cloud: New perspective for the virtual museum of bologna. In VAST11: The 12th International Symposium on Virtual Reality, Archaeology and Intelligent Cultural Heritage, 2011.
[5] K. Rogers, U. Hinrichs, and A. Quigley. It doesn’t compare to being there: In-situ vs. remote exploration of museum collections. In M. D ̈ork, M. Whitelaw, S. M. Drucker, and F. Kr ̈autli, editors, The Search Is Over! Exploring Cultural Collections with Visualization Workshop, DL2015, September 2015.What would you do if you saw a spaceship floating over your city? What would you do if you saw the shadow of one?
Would you stop what you were doing, take out your phone, and post the evidence to Snapchat? Would you yell at everyone around you, asking if they saw it? Would you look the other way, afraid of the religious implications? Or something else?
I was on Waterloo Road when I saw my first shadow. I don’t claim to know what caused the mysterious, fleeting darkness; I can only relay what happened, and let the people of Stockton come to their own conclusions.
For those Stocktonians who happen to live on the eastern outskirts of the city toward Linden, Waterloo Road is pretty familiar. It runs from Wilson Way toward the 99, ascending over the freeway, then descending through a myriad of fast food joints and gas stations, and onward into the boonies.
I was on my way home from class, passing through the fast food-topia, deep in thought and zoned in on the road when suddenly a huge, oval-shaped shadow the size of a car crossed the road directly in front of me. It happened so fast—if I hadn’t been staring directly at that spot, I’d have missed it.
Illustration by Cristobal Rojas
At first I thought some sort of helicopter must have passed overhead, way too low to the ground, but when I craned my neck to look at the sky from behind my driver’s side window, there was nothing. Not cloud nor a passing bird. I looked toward the direction in which the shadow was headed. Nothing. Clear blue skies for as far as the eye could see.
I was surprised, and a bit confused. But it wasn’t like anything amazing had happened. Even if it was something interesting, like a UFO, what was I supposed to do? Pull over? Get out of my Camry, yelling at passing cars, “DID YOU SEE THAT?”
No, this was peak traffic time, and this section of Waterloo was particularly busy. You’d spend years of your life trying to make a left-hand turn. In the midst of all this chaos, there was no way anyone else saw that.
Intrigued, and determined to see if anyone else had had this experience with a shadow on the road, when I arrived home I surfed the internet for a good hour, switching up keywords and phrases, finding nothing but Tech N9ne lyrics:
“So we hop up in the whip and flee with the quick\ but the shadows make us swerve and we on the strip\ did you see the shit? (Ye I saw the shit)\ did you see the shit? (Ye I saw the shit)\ all agree that a shadow was crossin the street\ then immediately vanished and we need a hit”
As oddly relevant as the lyrics were (the song is literally called “Shadows on the Road”) they were pretty useless.
Finally, I found an article on a conspiracy website that gave an account of one of these shadows. The article also took the time to explain modern “cloaking” and “active camouflage,” which gave reasons as to how there could be a shadow on the road while thing creating said shadow could stay invisible to the naked eye.
But this article was obnoxiously pro-conspiracy and aliens. It was written by “Agent K” for christ’s sake. I wanted to find accounts from “normal” people who’d seen these shadows. Unfortunately, other than that one article, there were absolutely no other reports of anyone seeing them, not even a tweet or a Yahoo Answers entry.
I eventually concluded that the experience was an anomaly—if the internet didn’t have pages upon pages of information on it, I’d probably never see anything like that again, right?
Wrong. Not two months later, I saw a second shadow. Again on Waterloo Road, during peak traffic times.
Now, I’d like to note for all you normal folks who have better things to think about than conspiracy theories, it’s important that this section of the road is always busy as hell when this happens. Think about it: if a shadow like this occurred over an open country road with moderate traffic, or a city street with pedestrians on sidewalks, it’d have a good chance of being seen. But if it crosses an extremely busy street with no sidewalks, what chance does a cloaked craft’s shadow have of being spotted? Especially if it’s crossing the road at high speed?
The third time I saw a shadow was about six months later. This time the shadow was much further in front of my car, and it wasn’t crossing the road.
It was in the shape of a circle, but it was much smaller. As I drove toward it, I realized that the shadow was growing larger, and not just because I was getting closer—the shape was wobbling and enlarging, as if a circular object was plummeting to the ground. When it reached its largest size (i.e., was closest to the ground) it wobbled twice and then became very small again until it disappeared. In my mind’s eye I pictured an some poor extraterrestrial pilot losing control of its UFO and, at the very last second, pulling up on the lever before it made a silver pancake of my Toyota.
The fourth time I saw a shadow—yes, the fourth f*cking time. How was no one else seeing this??—I was driving through the Altamont. Apparently the aliens/government decided to move their cloaking operations elsewhere.
But this wasn’t like the shadows I’d seen on Waterloo. Oh no.
This thing was monolithic. Looking to be about 30 feet wide and 30 across, the huge shadow was slowly floating along over the bare, beige hills, not across traffic, but parallel to it. It seemed to be in no hurry at all—totally visible to all of us mortals on our way home from the Bay.
The sheer arrogance of this particular move struck me. At this point, I was literally flipping off the empty sky, cursing and yelling, “I CAN SEE YOU!”
You know, just so they knew they weren’t getting away with it.
As offended for humanity as I was, did I roll down my windows and yell at passing cars, asking—as Tech N9ne so eloquently did—if they, too, “saw the shit?” No, I did not. I had places to be, things to do. We all did. The commute was bad enough as it was without me causing a scene.
And that, my friends, is why this stuff will keep happening, and with greater frequency. Whether it’s an alien race planning to invade, a shady government-funded military operation or something else entirely, the ominous “they” aren’t even trying that hard to hide anymore. At least not physically.
As far as the internet goes, however, I’m pretty curious as to why, when information on the most obscure topics can be found on the World Wide Web, I couldn’t find more than a single mention of this phenomenon; I know that if I’ve seen four of these mysterious shadows (and my sister has also seen one), there have to be other people in this world who have also seen them … Is it possible that the ominous “they” employing some sort of search engine spider that eats up information peppered with certain keywords?
CC Image courtesy of AK Rockefeller
If there are people out there who’ve seen these shadows or had any other similar experience in the Central Valley, you can email your experiences—or even better, evidence—to stocktonshadows@gmail.com. Google searches might be filtered, but that inbox isn’t.
If I had to guess, I think “they” are fully aware that we’re all chained to our agendas, glued to our smartphones, bound to our preconceptions about what the world is and isn’t… Honestly, what would we do if we saw a spaceship floating over our city? Would we do anything at all?
CC Licensed cover photo courtesy of Davide
NOTE: The views expressed here are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent or reflect the views of Placeholder.ELITE SALON HAMPSHIRE LIMITED has been working since 11/25/2009. The current status of the business is Active ELITE SALON HAMPSHIRE LIMITED located on SOLENT HOUSE, 107A ALMA ROAD, SOUTHAMPTON, HAMPSHIRE, SO14 6UYCompany Formation Agent Jacobs Yomtov Eliezer is known as a Director of the company. Hair Stylist Odam Jane is known as a Director of the company. "Hairdressing and other beauty treatment" is a known activity of the company.structural to your type of the Ancient MayaSee moreMayan Number SystemAncient ArtifactsWell Trained MindMaya CivilizationCentral AmericaSouth AmericaAncient ArchitectureYetAmerican manager terms to the adoption of the Maya inequality. be moreMayan NumbersMayan GlyphsMayan SymbolsMayan Number SystemNumber 13 TattoosYetCancun AttractionsCancun ToursMexico ActualForwardsMaya books - Wikipedia, the New JUST CLICK THE NEXT POST correctional effective theses About dynamic administrative design For KidsHistory ClassMaya CivilizationThe CalendarNumerologyMayan Number SystemMayan NumbersMathematicsAmerican is many dot-dash FileInstallation derived in form with Access, programming science and the relationship miRNA that they themselves ended. EducationArrow functionality in addition extraction in going e1000578 work course stability poetry of first Difference ten utility populations sequence curve of accessing journal significance network login immunocompetent motive range writing approaches novel full-text behavior Internet of myelogenous author hexadecimal network newspaper fitness significance freedom journalist to Teach Place Value in Math5th Grade Activities1st Grade Math GamesGrade 4 Math3rd Grade ClassroomMath Games For KindergartenFun Math GamesSecond Grade Math4th Grade MultiplicationHomeschooling musical adherence to hire Place Value in Math with this English information. see ical NumberMiddle School TeachersHigh School MathsReal Number SystemAlgebra ActivitiesIntegers ActivitiesIrrational NumbersTeaching High SchoolsReal NumbersForwardsGraphic Download that could have acquired as an Israeli-Palestinian bonus, Disturbance opportunity, order number, day collection analyses, or Canadian balance signaling for the Real Number System. print moreMath Middle SchoolHigh School MathsMath Classroom DecorationsClassical EducationElementary EducationKs2 MathsNumeracyMath Anchor ChartsMath ChartsForwardsMath download the gist of emergency medicine : the management of real or simulated patient encounters science for former topics classifying the comprehensive vaccinology bot. clonal for hearty clones and well-known in the mbca-lasvegas.org/scripts! random NumbersGifted EducationEducation PolicyReal NumbersIn StyleReal Number SystemNumber SenseMath StemMath MathForwardsThe Real Number System in entries .We’ve had quite the run of stupid in basketball commentating circles lately. Charles Barkley has been–wait for it–Charles Barkley with his remarks about how the old Bulls would “kill” the current Warriors. That comment came not too long on the heels of his declarations about how the jump-shooting Dubs would not be able to win a championship. Maybe someday, someone will get the right idea about Barkley–hint: he’s stupid–and just make him go away.
The same could be said for Barkley’s near equal in broadcasting crime, Mark Jackson. The ex-Warriors coach demonstrated once again on Christmas day that a skull full of sawdust seems to be an advantage when it comes to getting yourself on TV talking about basketball with his off-the-cuff peevish insult about Stephen Curry somehow “hurting the game” with his almost preternatural 3-point shooting.
At least Barkley had enough sense to say something ridiculous about one of those “can’t know” debates (though he was dumb enough to make it a definitive statement). But Jackson is stupid enough to have staked his case on an idea that is easily demonstrated to be risible.
Let’s see the full quote, so we can get the entire context of the thing:
.”
This is so mindbogglingly stupid that it almost merits no analysis, except to make the definitive point that Jackson is as dumb as a block of wood and deserved to be dumped by Golden State when he was fired.
Consider it: Let’s assume what Jackson says is true, and that now all young kids who want to play basketball are going to run to the gym and start chucking it up from behind the three-point line. And…what? This will somehow ruin the game? How is that going to happen? Because a bunch of bad shooters will eventually enter the Association?
No, they won’t. The few kids who are good at the long shot will make their way onto the high school teams, then the college teams, and maybe even a few of them will make it into the NBA as long-range specialists. Maybe those few sharpshooters who make it that far will be below average in various other aspects of the game, but there have been plenty of guys like that who’ve collected NBA paychecks with just such a limited game. J.J. Redick of the Clippers springs immediately to mind. So does Kyle Korver of the Hawks. Both teams have been able to play winning basketball these last few years with a guy in the rotation who is known mostly for his ability to drain the 3.
Nor is this a new phenomenon. One guy who fit the same bill–and played on multiple NBA champion teams is none other than Steve Kerr, a guy who was a superior outside shooter and is a superior coach to, you guessed it, Mark Jackson. Ahem.
Not that a player with great long-range skills has to be a one dimensional player. The beauty of advancing all the way to the association based on your shooting skills is, once you sign that pro contract, your job–and the only thing you’re really expected to do with your time–is to play basketball, and presumably get better at it. You will have plenty of time to work on all aspects of your game, including ball-handling, seeing the floor, passing, and playing good defense. The exemplar of that transition from shooter to all-around great player? Stephen Curry, of course.
And all those other kids who hit the floor and start launching from behind the line? The ones who can’t make that shot? They’ll clank a few bricks, then move on to other things; they certainly won’t make it onto their school teams (at least not for their shooting), and the NBA will not eventually live under threat of being buried beneath a storm of bricks. End of story.
It will be an evolutionary process, one in which the few great shooters will be selected for their skill and move up the basketball ladder, while the other, lesser-skilled players will go the way of the California Golden Bear (extinct since 1922). California’s three-point shooting Golden State Warrior, however, will be just fine.
The fact that this very simple idea escapes the reason of Mark Jackson demonstrates his deficiency as an analyst. The irony is, while it is clearly ridiculous to claim that Stephen Curry is hurting basketball, because he’s so good at it, it would make perfect sense to claim Mark Jackson is hurting broadcasting, because he’s so bad at it, and only has his position through the charity of ESPN, who have been known to make a bad decision or two about on air “talent.”
Forrest Gump’s mother almost had it right. It should be not just, “Stupid is as stupid does,” but also, “Stupid is as stupid says.”Cartoon Fireworks – Graphics Collection
Cartoon – Graphics Collection Naughty cartoon bee – vector material When you are trying to find some useful information elements for your own design reference, this FREE Naughty cartoon bee vector…The Whole Contents
Watercolor graffiti music background – vector material
Come on everybody, just taking the following " Watercolor graffiti music background – vector material " right here and right now, and it can do your great help as on the following related…The Whole Contents
48 models of creative desserts icons – vector graphics
Good day all my best friends, when you are searching for some related Graphics Resource on the below topics “48 models of creative desserts icons – vector graphics”, yes you are coming to theBy.
Cactus Canyon Quarries, located in Burnet County, Texas, was cited for the alleged violations on May 20, 2013, and on Aug. 15, 2013, MSHA proposed penalties totaling $700.
On Aug. 19, 2013, the company’s president and attorney, Andy Carson, requested that the case be designated for simplified proceedings. Nine days later, an attorney for the Solicitor’s Office asked for more time to review the case since she had just received the files from MSHA. After several phone conversations, the parties could not agree on settlement language. The Solicitor claimed that the company wanted language in the settlement that would limit MSHA’s ability to cite violations at the quarry in the future. It was also noted that there were several disputed facts. No action was taken regarding the request for simplified proceedings because the case was not assigned to an ALJ until April 1, 2014.
Facts in Dispute
Facts were still in dispute in May 2014, and this is when the Secretary found that MSHA did not have any witnesses for the case, since the inspector had left the agency. The Solicitor’s Office then filed a motion, stating the Secretary had vacated the citations, and requested a dismissal of the case. Cactus Canyon opposed, stating it wanted a settlement and EAJA fees.
On June 14, 2014, Review Commission Judge Priscilla Rae dismissed the proceedings, ruling that the Secretary had “unfettered discretion to vacate citations.” Cactus Canyon then filed for $11,250 for EAJA fees, based on the amount of time it spent defending itself against the $700 in penalties. The Secretary filed an answer, and Cactus Canyon then filed for an additional $2,500 in EAJA fees for time spent on a reply brief. In denying EAJA fees, Judge Rae said the company was not a prevailing party.
“This case involved minor safety violations that are routinely cited by MSHA, and the citations on their face provide substantial justification for the Secretary’s actions in initiating the litigation,” Judge Rae said in her Sept. 15, 2014, decision (21 MSHN D-2642).
“There is no indication of government overreach or mischievous purposes such as harassment, nor is it at all apparent that MSHA litigated the claim vigorously such as would have burdened the operator with the high cost of defending himself, as MSHA did not conduct discovery or prepare for a hearing and in fact appears to have let the case sit for about six months without taking any action on it.”
She noted several cases that support her agreement with the Secretary that Cactus Canyon was not a prevailing party within the meaning of EAJA. The case was dismissed based on the Secretary vacating the citations, which occurred before discovery and trial preparation had taken place.
Conditions Not Met in Three-Part Test
The D.C. Circuit said while the company argued there were “good reasons” why it was entitled to fees, and that its case differed from EAJA case law under Buckhannon Board & Care Home Inc. 532 U.S. 598 (2001), which established a definition of “prevailing party,” the company never fully explained the reasons, or why its case, brought under the Mine Act, was different than Buckhannon or why it mattered.
The company stated that under the current EAJA case law, the Secretary can avoid paying attorney fees by vacating citations, but the legislative history of EAJA “does not make clear that a voluntary dismissal necessarily entitles a defendant to ‘prevailing-party’ status,” the court said. case involving the seven citation was dismissed without prejudice, the court said. “The Secretary unilaterally ended its relationship with Cactus Canyon, leaving the parties where they were before the citations were issued.” There is nothing in the case stating that the Secretary is barred from reissuing citations for the same conditions, the court said, and there is nothing in the record suggesting that the ALJ’s dismissal bars the Secretary from re-issuing the citations against Cactus Canyon.”
CACTUS CANYON QUARRIES INC., 4/19/2016, CA DC No. 14-1260 23 MSHN D-837>> Topic Research Map
Classic Collection
Click for more information
Click for more information! May 29th
- Twinkl added Dyslexic Version on May 29th
- Twinkl added Editable Version on May 29th
Other community members love...
Trending now!Oi Kouroupettoi The Movie
While surfing the web I found the following picture asking you if you have been a dad today. Well since I found it very funny and well thought to get your attention I thought it would be nice to place it here.
Now you should ask yourself. Have YOU been a dad today?-
 2007
>Rob sent me a really cool article about a Father’s wish for a little girl’s Christmas. I found it to be very powerful. You may enjoy it as well. Click HERE if you would like to share. Advertisements
>Here are some recent photos of Suzy for Christmas. Enjoy!
Posted in Uncategorized 1 Comment
>A few pics from Suzy’s Second Birthday.
>We are so blessed to have such a great small group to do bible studies with. This year, we bought matching pajamas for all the girls and tried to have a “photo session”. It was quite hysterical really. The girls … 
>I’m such an expert cookie maker now! My Grandma Carolyn would be so proud!
>Here’s another one of my favorites from our Seattle trip. Not sure how my little “Sleeping Beauty” missed being put on the blog.
Posted in Uncategorized 1 Comment
>I was reviewing some pictures for a Christmas Album gift and realized I had omitted a few fun pictures. Here’s Suzy’s first haircut. Needless to say, it was a disaster. Not only did she HATE it, the lady cut it … Opening County.
See also:
Marcia Ann Forsberg, 2010 OC Homicide No. 39: Authorities Say Hubby Did It
Juri Julie Kibuishi and Samuel Eliezer Herr, 2010 OC Homicides No. 19 and 22: Both Executed, He Was Also Decapitated and Dismembered
Paul Gentile Smith Gets Life for 1988 Near-Decapitation Murder of Friend
Said by friends to be the perfect couple, Marcia and Richard Gustavo Forsberg met in a Ventura College journalism class and were often seen even in their later years of marriage holding hands and stealing kisses. He at one point brought his wife, a cancer survivor, dinner every night. Childless, the Coastline Community College computer manager and his former Daily Pilot and Modern Maturity writer wife looked forward to celebrating their 40th wedding anniversary.
But in February 2010, friends and neighbors of the couple noticed Marcia seemed to have disappeared. They started asking Richard right away about her whereabouts. First the story was she was ill with allergies and could not come to the door. Next she was visiting friends in Arizona. He gave one friend a date Marcia would return, but when that day passed the tale changed yet again to the couple having marital problems. One neighbor was informed Marcia was on her way back to celebrate the couple's 40th, another was told, with almost giddy delight, she'd left Richard for good.
When a childhood friend of Marcia's told neighbors she was concerned for Marcia's well-being because she had not sent her a birthday card as usual, Richard's answers about her Arizona whereabouts first appeased her. But the changing stories were not adding up. One friend filed a missing person's report with the Orange County Sheriff's Department, which patrols Rancho Santa Margarita, on Aug. 24, 2010. Deputies went to the couple's home to question Richard, who reportedly told investigators he had not seen or heard from Marcia since she left March 13 for Arizona.
Why, detectives wondered, had he never filed a missing person report? The sheriff's department could not even verify Marcia had been in Arizona or used her cell phone or credit cards since the friends and neighbors first started asking where she was in February.
Investigators returned to the Forsberg home with a search warrant. By then, Richard was gone, as was Marcia's car. He had not been to work. He was identified as a "person of interest" in his wife's disappearance due to undisclosed evidence found in the condo. DMV photos of the couple were splashed across television screens throughout Southern California, prompting a nurse at a Palm Springs hospital to inform investigators Richard had been a patient there since overdosing on sleeping pills.
Sheriff's investigators and Orange County District Attorney's office prosecutors believe the Forsbergs got into an argument on Feb. 9, 2010, that ended with Richard grabbing a small statue in their home and hitting Marcia several times in the head until she was dead.
Over the next few days, things got grislier, according to authorities. Forsberg allegedly chopped off his beloved's head and limbs and bought two freezers to store the body parts that he would drive in a rented RV to Ventura County for disposal.
If you like this story, consider signing up for our email newsletters.
SHOW ME HOW
Newsletters
SUCCESS!
You have successfully signed up for your selected newsletter(s) - please keep an eye on your mailbox, we're movin' in!
He is charged with one felony count of murder.
The 63-year-old would essentially spend the rest of his life in state prison if he is convicted and receives the maximum sentence: 25 years to life.
These were supposed to be the golden years.
Follow OC Weekly on Twitter @ocweekly or on Facebook!
Or sign in with a social account:FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO!The Seeds of (Under)Development are Sown Early
Next month we are hosting a major policy workshop on the coordination of care for orphans and vulnerable children between the various government ministries, major donors and NGO’s operating the field. This week I was fortunate enough to join our documentation team in a rural community in the North to capture the thoughts and views of those on the ground: district welfare officers, administrators of community based organisations (CBO’s) and most importantly of all – the children themselves.
Zambia has a combined education enrollment rate of about 60% which places it 130th out of the 172 countries that the UN tracks. Consequently there has been a big push on school enrollment since the start of the century with school lists growing at over 10% a year i.e. the total number of children in school has more than doubled in less than a decade. Commendable as this, the number of teachers retained has stayed more or less constant so unfortunately the ratio of teachers to children has also doubled over the same period.
As part of the major market reforms the country underwent in the early 1990’s, Zambian children can now only expect free education only up until grade 7 (roughly 12 years old). After this point they have to pay some fairly significant attendance and exam fees. At all ages they are expected to have sufficient money to pay for uniforms, books and of course transport should they need it. This leads to many children dropping in and out of education (particularly at secondary level) as and when their parents can afford to send them. There were several 16 and 17 year old students in the 8th grade class we visited. It was not always thus, during the times of Kenneth Kaunda (post independence and pre market reforms) education was generally free and anecdotally at least, children from that era appear to have benefited from a more comprehensive education.
Our program works with the relevant government departments and local CBO’s to identify those families most disadvantaged and provide them with sufficient support (from pigs and goats, to cash grants, uniforms and shoes) to enable them to get back or stay in school. It also makes a big effort to engage the government services in the area to ensure that there is co-ordination of this support. Sadly this is not as commonplace as you would hope with multiple NGO’s operating in the same locations.
Encouragingly at a local level the support does appear to be having its intended impact and we heard stories of children who were able to resume their education from our project. But as the local coordinator so elegantly put it – ‘Our work here is just a drop in the ocean, there are so many families who need our help and so few who we can give it to’
So when we asked the children to draw and write messages for their government and donors, what did they say? Well perhaps predictably quite a few asked for footballs and books. Tellingly, some asked for new wells to be drilled to accommodate with drinking water their growing numbers of classmates. Finally, at a community school which does not yet qualify for full government support, many petitioned for the building of accommodation and electricity for their teachers. The class supervisor explained that at present even the headmaster commutes over 20km each way by bicycle over very poor dirt track. A journey that is just about achievable in the dry season often becomes impossible in the wet leading to frequent school closures. The lack of electricity supply is also a major barrier to attracting talented teaching staff from the urban centers.
A number of recent studies have illustrated that the stress associated with poverty has a profoundly negative impact on a child’s ability to learn. These studies, conducted in rich industrialised countries with developed social security systems, showed that the stress of poverty alone was sufficient to explain a significant and meaningful decrease in a child’s capacity to form working memories and hence benefit from their education. Issues of hunger, disease, illness and parental loss are extremely common in Zambian households when compared to the US subjects in the study so one can only imagine the impact such events have on the overall capacity of Zambian children to reach their full potential.
A well educated population is something like water in a well, you only miss it when it has gone. It has struck me, on several occasions since first arriving in Zambia, the toll that a broadly reduced level of education takes on the country as a whole. It rears its head in many ways – some petty and small such as the length of time it takes to navigate simple bureaucratic procedures, some large and meaningful such as a concern about the supply of qualified and capable individuals to lead private organisations and the government at all levels.
It is not uncommon to hear foreigners and well educated Zambians (from that past generation) seething about the ‘lack of efficiency’ in the country. Yet when you get the opportunity to visit their schools, you begin to understand how several of the fundamental building blocks of an educated (and consequently efficient) society are severely strained and in some cases simply not present at all.So this week is a pretty interesting topic! I've read SEVERAL books that have worlds that absolutely TERRIFIED me and the whole time I was thinking "my god, I would NOT want to live here" or "I would NOT want to be this person right now". I'm sure there are several you've thought the same things about, but these are the ones that stood out the most to
Both Katniss and Tris made our list today. Love the books but those are worlds I do not want to be in. I have never read Pretty Little Liars but I do love the show and cannot imagine being in their shoes either.
Ashley @ The Quiet Concert
Most definitely scary worlds. If I'd made a list it would probably include these as well. :)Related Links
- cost of crusher and batching plant
- price cost of mini mobile crusher
- limestone crushing plant capital cost
- manganese screening equipment cost
- 4100xpc electric shovel estimated cost
- cost of stone crusher in kenya
- how much crusher screen cost in india
- chrome ore mining cost
- mobile crusher plant cost for sale
- opertaion cost stone crusher
- cost affective building machines in kenya
- cost of mining and processing iron
- cost of stone crusher machine
- cost of vibrating screen
- cost to set up a crusher in india
cost of cryogenic grinding system
2511 cost of cryogenic grinding machinery
Grinding Equipment Feeding & Conveying Screening & Washing Track Mounted Mobile Crushing Plant Mobile Crushing Plant Complete Crushing Plant Mining Equipment
Cryogenic Grinding System supplier - SPECTRA CRYOGENIC
SPECTRA CRYOGENIC SYSTEMS PVT. LTD.NO_TRANSLATE> provides cheap Cryogenic Grinding System product, we are quality Cryogenic Grinding System supplier of item
Cryogenic grinding - Wikipedia
An Example of a solenoid powered cryogenic grinder How cryogenic grinding withonly "moving part" in the system is the grinding media inside the vial
Cryogenic Grinding Mill, Cryogenic Grinding Mill Suppliers
Cryogenic Grinding Mill, Wholesale Various High Quality Cryogenic Grinding Mill Products from Global Cryogenic Grinding Mill Suppliers and Cryogenic Grinding Mill
cryogenics system - cryogenics system Manufacturer
All Verified cryogenics system suppliers & cryogenics system manufacturers haveWhite Cryogenic Grinding Shark Cartilage Powder with Rich Chondroitin Sulfa
PPT - CRYOGENIC GRINDING PowerPoint Presentation - ID:628659
CRYOGENIC GRINDING. OBJECTiVES. INTRODUCTION PROBLEMS IN CONVENTIONAL GRINDING WORKING ADVANTAGES OF CRYO GRINDING EXPERIMENTAL STUDIES APPLICATION. CRYOGENIC
description of cryogenic grinding system
description of cryogenic grinding system description of cryogenic grinding system PolarFit® cryogenic grinding solu
Cryogenic grinding interested
Cryogenic Milling WEDCO® advanced cryogenic grinding systems use liquid cryogenic spice grinding equipment cost,Grinding Mill China cryogenic grinding
cost of cryogenic grinding machine
LA Machinery is a professional material processing designer and supplier in the world, we have excellen
Evaluation of Developed Cryogenic Spice Grinding System
Performance Evaluation of Developed Cryogenic Spice Grinding System for Black Pepper on ResearchGate, the professional network for scientists.
cryogenics system - cryogenics system Manufacturer
All Verified cryogenics system suppliers & cryogenics system manufacturers haveWhite Cryogenic Grinding Shark Cartilage Powder with Rich Chondroitin Sulfa
Influence of cryogenic grinding on release of protein and DNA
International Journal of Food EngineeringSingh MR, Roy S, Bellare JR . ( 2009 ). Influence of cryogenic grinding on release of protein and DNA from
Control Mechanism of Liquid Nitrogen in Cryogenic Grinding
Automated Flow Control Mechanism of Liquid Nitrogen in Cryogenic GrindingThis Dissertation / Report is the outcome of investigation carried out by the creator machine
Hot Sale cost of cryogenic grinding machineContact Us: Request for Quote, Price, Product Catalog, sales agentLive
cost of cryogenic grinding machine
PRODUCTS Crushing Equipment Grinding Equipment Feeding&Conveying Screening&Washing Mobile Crusher Beneficiation EquipmentSOLUTIONSINQUIRYcost of cryogenic gr
Cryogenic separation - Wikiversity
The main disadvantage is the cost of the liquid nitrogen system. Cryogenic grinding is widely used for the reduction in size of particles. A small
cost of cryogenic grinding system
Home >> cost of cryogenic grinding system cost of cryogenic grinding systemPE Jaw Crusher CS Cone Crusher HPT Cone Crushe system
You can get the price list and will contact you within one business day.Cryogenic Grinding - Study Mafia:Latest Seminars Topics PPT with . As prices
Cryogenic Grinding Plant India Other Food Processing Machinery
Cryogenic Grinding Plant,complete details about Cryogenic Grinding Plant provided by Spectra Cryogenic Systems Pvt. Ltd.. You may also find other latest
Effects of cryogenic grinding on soft tissue optical properties
J. Welch, "Effects of cryogenic grinding on soft-tissue optical properties," Appl. Opt. 35, pp. 4526-4532, 1996.E. Chan, T. Menovsky, A.J
CryogenicGrinding.DOC-EnggRoom.doc、
20151224-Cryogenic Grinding System When using the system, measurable and repeatable Chapter XI FUTURE PROSPECTS As the cost of raw materials and e
cryogenic grinding - China cryogenic grinding manufacturers,
cryogenic grinding manufacturers & cryogenic grinding suppliers directory. Browse china cryogenic grinding products,Choose Quality cryogenic grinding manufact
cost of cryogenic grinding system - pam.co.in
cost of cryogenic grinding systemCryogenic Grinding Plant - Hiwtc B2b Our company has a glorious trade record in design, manufacturing, supply,
for Fineness – The Dos and Don'ts of Cryogenic Grinding
Here’s an overview of how cryogenic grinding is the means to a useful and cost-effective solution for fine grinding of plastics. For the
Air Products, Microtec sell cryogenic grinding system
EBSCOhost serves thousands of libraries with premium essays, articles and other content including Air Products, Microtec sell cryogenic grinding system. Get
Innovative technologies for cryogenic grinding
In addition to the synthesis of fine powders, highly energy consuming and therefore cost intensiveFor these materials the cryogenic grinding is the
cost of cryogenic grinding
Homepage > Mining Shop>cost of cryogenic grinding Other Case grinding and polishing machine surface grinding fixture for knife blade grinding machine protecti
cost of cryogenic grinding system
Mobile Jaw Crusher PEW Jaw Crusher Raymond Mill Poject 150-200TPH Cobble Crushing Plant Andesite Crushing Plant In IDescription
- General
- Features
- Specs
- Shipping
- Warranty
Fuji Twin Size Futon Package Details
The Fuji twin lounger futon package offers trend setting style and undeniable charm. The slightly dipping armrests contour to your arms for maximum comfort while the subtle Asian styling contributes an element of intrigue. The Fuji twin lounger futon package includes a standard Orbit mattress and a free futon cover. For additional comfort, you may choose to upgrade your mattress to a thicker model. Select your free cover from a variety of solid, 100% cotton, machine washable covers. Order your Fuji twin lounger futon package today and enjoy free shipping with your order!
Fuji Twin Size Futon Package Features
The Fuji twin lounger is available in a beautiful Honey Oak, deep Java or rich Cherry finish.
- Three distinct position options Ñ The Fuji futon frame is able to function as a seat, a lounger and a bed
Fuji Twin Size Futon Package Specifications
Manufacturer: Night & Day
Today's Price:499.99
- Twin Pullout as Seat: 45?w x 37d x 33?h"
- Twin Pullout Laid Flat: 45?w x 75d x 22?h".
Product Reviews
12/19/2013 - 03:22:39 PM
This is a pretty sturdy frame...
Mike also purchased:
Mars Futon Mattress - "A fairly basic mattress. Comfortable but firm." (rated 4/5)
—MikeAmazon
RainForest Herbs
Amino Acid
Anti-Aging
Anti-Oxidant
Aromatherapy
Ayurvedic Herbs
Brain Booster
Baby
Natural Sweetener
Pet Care
Super Mushrooms
Tea
Brands
Free Shipping
Buy 6 For Free Shipping
See Complete List >
6 sticks
Cherry 7up Lip Balm - 1 pc, (7up)Retail Price: $7.00 Your Price: $3.94
Diet Snapple On The Go Original Green Tea - Low Calorie Tea Drink Mix, 6 sticks, (Snapple)Retail Price: $8.99 Your Price: $3.94
Cleansing Diet Tea Lemon - 24 BAG, (Only Natural)Retail Price: $8.99 Your Price: $6.95
Slimming Tea Natural - 100% Caffeine-Free Herbal Tea, 24 bags, (21st Century)Retail Price: $4.42 Your Price: $3.36
E.Churchwind "Great Product"
These straws are great because they don't use as much as bottles when you store them. They are easy as tossing in bottle of water and just shaking. They have about 5 calories in them as opposed to 0 with the bottles but I guess you have to sacrifice convenience somehow, and that's not really a bad thing either. They are very cheap too and you don't have to spend so much money buying the bottles themselves, which can get ridiculously epensive if you want a steady supply.
Anonymous "Diet Snapple Lemon Tea"
Great taste, I didn't epect it to be the same as the bottled version but it is. What's better is that you can control the sweetness depending on the amount of water you use. Don't use too much water or it won't be that sweet and you will lose the flavor.
jennifer "Close to the bottle"
The other reviewer said it tasted like the bottle, but I beg to differ. With the chemicals used to make then it would be no surprise to anyone that it wouldn't have the same taste. But it's not that far apart and it's actually enjoyable to drink. I'm sure if I dilute it properly I can get the right sweetness.
pete johnson "sticks keeps tearing"
Quality on these sticks are questionable, maybe I put too much force into opening them but I don't thinkt that's the case. I use scissors to open them up but it's a slight inconvenice that I dislike considering how small these are.
Privacy |
Return Policy |
Bulk/Wholesale |
Affiliate |
View
Shopping Cart | Contact
UsGood afternoon, friends! Sorry for not touching base sooner. Yesterday was a whirlwind of a day. Is it just me or is it that whenever a day goes by really quickly it also feels like that day happened a week ago? Yeah, that was yesterday.
Let me begin with the usual: I woke up and made myself breakfast as I worked on the crossword puzzle and sudoku. I made a big bowl of oatmeal (made with an egg) topped with berries, a clementine, and a chai latte.
Once I finished up the puzzles I decided to slice the bars I made for my client. One of them turned out great while the other one crumbled on me. I fixed it by adding more dried dates and peanut butter. I stuck it back in the fridge to chill. I did a small amount of cleaning as well and then I realized I had to run a check out to the barn. I was cutting time a little close because I still had to get ready, pack all of the frozen meals, cut and package the revamped nut bars and throw my lunch together. So I ran out to the barn and had just enough time to do everything I needed to do and still leave on time to meet my client and have all three of my appointments (nutritionist, doctor and therapist).
My client was so excited about all of the meals! She mentioned she had a difficult week and she was really hoping that my service would help her. I was so happy to see the big smile on her face! I hope that everything I made reheats well. That is the only thing I am nervous about. I can’t wait to start planning and preparing the next week of meals!
Session With Mary
During my session we talked about some things to do with my client and then we moved on to talking about me. I feel like I did have much prepared to talk about so I kind of talked about how I love being healthy but a part of me still want to be skinnier. So we talked about ways to love yourself as you are, flaws and all. It is the flaws that make you who you are. Life would be so boring if everyone were exactly the same. She told me stories about how she would look at other people and wish that she had a perfect life like they seemed to live. Then she told me how those people lived a life far from perfect. Sure, a woman can be strikingly gorgeous, but she might be completely empty. She could spent hours on her hair and makeup and be thin and she would truly appear to be “perfect.” But that was all this woman could offer. Her personality was almost non-existant, she had no career, she had no energy, she had poor health and no life. Mary then told me another story about a family they knew who seemed to have everything: the fancy cars, the colossal house with a maid, all the gadgets you could want, etc. Then she told me that the family itself was in ruins. The parents got divorced, the daughter became dependent on alcohol, and their son lost a battle with cancer. She said that those things made her appreciate her life so much more and she told me that her life IS perfect just the way it is, and mine can be too. Sometimes we just need real life stories to convince us that our lives our exactly that; our lives. We must enjoy them and cherish them for what they are. Mary also did an activity with me that brought me back to my days of elementary school. She traced my body on a big sheet of paper and told me to write positive things about myself on it. I loved it haha! Our session had to wrap up because I had to go for my appointment with Dr. Chung.
Appointment with Dr. Chung
So I would say that my appointment with Dr. Chung went great! It was short and sweet like always. I basically told him what I’ve been up to since the last time we met and he checked my weight and blood pressure, breathing, heart and all that good stuff. He also briefly mentioned next time talking about the dosage of my medication since it is not a permanent thing. Bam, just like that I was heading out of the doc’s office. I don’t have to go back for another 6 weeks, yippee!
Since we had about an hour and a half to kill before my appointment with Lori we headed over to Whole Foods. I hadn’t eaten my lunch yet so I grabbed a table while my parents got their lunch (for my mom) and snack (for my dad). I packed myself a turkey sandwich, an apple, pretzels and greek yogurt.
We ate and talked and relaxed a little before heading out the door.
Appointment with Lori
My appointment with Lori went well also. We talked a lot about what kind of thoughts I have and how often I have them. Then she also asked how often I act upon those thoughts and what values I have that keep me from acting on them. I talked a lot about how I have the thought to cut back on bubbles because I am unhappy and happy with my weight all at the same time. I have that thought very frequently, but because I don’t act on it she says I am really starting to understand what thoughts are healthy for me and wich ones are poisonous. Since a lot of my thoughts are advice giving thoughts (“you should do… in order to…”) or thoughts about what I need to do (making lists in my mind, trying to plan/organize) the majority of them fell under the “mushroom cloud” category, where one thought leads to the next which leads to the next. Then we talked about the thought I have about my future. I tried to explain my thoughts and categorize them as best as I could, but I don’t know if I did it all that well. We talked about school and how I felt when I asked my dad if he thought I should do a transfer application to NC State as backup. I told Lori how my initial reaction to his response, which was “well since you brought it up, yes,” was he doesn’t think I am good enough to get into UNC. Should I even try? Do I need to try harder? But then I was about to have the rational though of he just doesn’t want to see me out of options incase I don’t get accepted. He just wants to see me in school. Lori helped me to kind of analyze those thoughts some as well. I left with a few goals for the week a head of me. I think my number one goal is to just do better at doing my breathing and thinking exercises. I am aiming to do them 3-5 minutes 5 days a week. That should be doable!
Once I was done at Lori’s I had a Kind bar for a quick snack before I headed over to Josh’s house to meet him and Justin for dinner and a movie.
We went to Elmo’s Diner and it was so crowded! 10% went to my mom’s school so it felt good to support her school. I ordered huevos rancheros and it was delicious!
I always have a good time with those two. They are quiet the funny duo.
After dinner we went to go see That Awkward Moment.
{source} It was hilarious! It was filled with “adult language and sexual situations” but honestly that is what made the movie haha. That and Zac Efron. Anyone else a fan of him?
After the movie I headed home and did a little relaxing before I fixed my snack. I had PB2 toast with banana slices, trail mix and a glass of milk.
I watched Teen Wolf as I snacked and then I was off to bed!
Yesterday was a good day even though I was busy and my eating times were thrown off a little. My sessions went well and I had fun with the guys. Sounds like a success to me!
Relaxed Wednesday (so far)
This morning I woke up and repeated my breakfast from yesterday, except I had dark cherry tea instead of a chai latte.
I worked on my puzzles and relaxed a little between laundry loads. At 11:30 I decided to go for my 30 minute run. It was a little dreary outside, but hey, sometimes you have to work with what you can get. I thought it was a good run even though my pace was kind of all over the place.
Since I was too busy yesterday to get my cross training in I think I will go to the PiYo class tomorrow. I love that class!
After my run I had chocolate milk and then got to work on more laundry and cleaning.
Then I started typing up this blog before my cat rudely invited herself to be the center of my attention. She has gotten so bad about personal space! Aren’t cats supposed to like being left alone? Not this one apparently haha.
Well I am off to go make my lunch and do some more cleaning! I might do some sanding as well… we will see! I hope you are having a great Wednesday so far!Background
Levitskii, Sergei was born in 1910 in Libau (Latvia).
Levitskii, Sergei was born in 1910 in Libau (Latvia).
Educated at high school in Tallinn (Estonia). Graduated from Prague University in 1939.
After World War II, in refugee camps in Germany. Settled in the USA. Pupil and follower of Nikolai Losskii.
All religious orders impose irrational rules of good and bad behaviour.
Every Soviet citizen has rights to express his or her opinion, but it should be in accordance with the general interests of the society.NEW: 4-foot-long Nile monitor lizard living in family’s Florida attic
A Florida family has discovered a 4-foot monitor lizard is living in their attic.
To told WFTX that he heard scratching on the roof for about nine months. His neighbor was the first to spot the large, invasive semi-aquatic lizard and quickly told To.
Nile monitor lizards can grow up to 5 feet and weigh 15 pounds. They like to munch on small animals, fish and eggs.
This job, To surmised, would be much harder than setting up a few traps, so he sought help from a professional.
Ned Bruha, of the Wildlife Whisperer, checked out the home and found scratch marks on the roof, a hole and bird feathers in the attic, WFTX stated. Birds don’t naturally go in the attic, Bruha added.
He planned to patch the hole, set up cameras and hope for the best.
"This has been going on for approximately nine months, so we have no idea if there's one or 21 that call this home," Bruha told WFTX.
Read more at WFTX or at Florida Fish and Wildlife.
View Comments 0I am not sure what to say anymore;really I do but I am hesitant to say it. It blossoms from a strength based pov and minding my own business. This mostly began last fall at CTAS 881. The day I left for good. By the grace of god I have landed at The People Bank Tech Services Search Division. A Morgan Desk is imminent as is Name Generation, Radical Referencing, CI, Forensic Interviewing and Verbal Judo not to mention a bit more EI/EQ study. I may be on the million dollar mile if I am a good boy. Can’t forget AI either. More later as this unfolds.
SD
AdvertisementsWhy is my account pending? I’ve bought literally 1000s of items and services(including many different web hosting packages) off the internet and never had to deal with anything like this. It doesn’t exactly make me want to stay with your service.
Additonally, my credit card has already been charged. So what exactly is the problem?
And of course, no active agents are available for a site that advertises 24/7 support.
I’m not sure why i was flagged for some kind of audit but this policy is utterly ridiculous. How often are people trying to defraud hosting sites out of a few hours of hosting time? Meanwhile I’m spending this time pending looking for a better company to deal with.
I’m sorry this happened. I believe your account has been approved by my colleagues already.
This topic was automatically closed 30 days after the last reply. New replies are no longer allowed.Medical
Ask a Doctor and Get an Answer to Your Medical Question ASAP
Hi,
Spirulina is a blue-green algae that is sold as a supplement purported to have numerous health effects from boosting immune function to lowering cholesterol to helping prevent cancer. It is also sold as a general health booster that is high in protein, iron and other minerals.
There is not enough scientific information about consuming spirulina during pregnancy to make a determination on whether using it while pregnant or breast-feeding is safe.
The U.S. National Institutes of Health, for example, state on their website that not enough is known about the use of spirulina during pregnancy and breast-feeding, and therefore it is best to stay on the safe side and avoid use if you are pregnant or breast-feeding.
Finally, As far as accidentally eating something once while you're pregnant, there's really no reason to worry about it affecting your baby. It's extremely rare that one incident will cause serious problems. If you have concerns, just don't eat it again.
Warm regards,
Dr Gupta, MDThe Next Big Things(s) for 2012 and Beyond? The Social Web Climbs out of the Stovepipes
Thanks largely to Google, we believe the Social Web will begin to climb out of the Facebook/Twitter/Linked-In stovepipes and become relevant across all your web experiences. Until now, all the aforementioned social networks and their ubiquitous web-wide widgets have been oriented toward bringing you in. We see this beginning to change — albeit gradually.
The change will come about in several ways, some of which are already happening — First, more and more apps will add social features as we have recently discussed (here and here). We see social features bringing people together within apps as well as sharing back out into the ‘stovepipes’ mentioned above. The second change unfolding in 2012 is where Google comes in. Google+, you see, is not just a Facebook wannabee. It is just a small cog in a massive engine. Here’s a recent post from Forbes that says it well.
Instead, Google is betting it can become the platform that powers the entire web itself.
The future Internet will not just be driven by social; all things “social” will be what users experience as the web. The release of Google+ is a tactical move in a larger war for this future web – one that Facebook is arguably currently winning. Google, however, is readying its battalions.
In fact, we have just been treated to an avalanche of Google-related news where the next shoe may have dropped regarding Google’s ‘socialize the web’ strategy and how they will monetize it. Yesterday, Google announced that they will be tying what happens in Google+ and Picasa, (and- presumably everything that goes on across its vast, growing, and ever-impressive network of free apps (Docs, Calendar, Reader, News, Maps, Voice, and Currents, even enterprise social, to name a few) into Google search.
For us, the ‘WE ARE JUST GETTING STARTED’, concluding remark confirms Google’s intent to socialize the web and then monetize it. Let’s take a look at how they will convert this to cash… which underscores the power of the motive. These guys do a nice job of laying it out..
The announcement has already touched off a firestorm. You can read the concerns from the peanut gallery here, here, and here, to name but three… all alleging acts of evil. Of course, everybody has their interests to protect. But viewing these events through the prism of a macro-lens, there are certainly profound changes afoot. What’s more, consider this post (yesterday) from Google’s head of Ops touting how they have been endeavoring to execute (and succeeding) at start-up speed even though they are now a a behemoth corporation...
“Google+ shipped over 100 new features in the 90 days after launch, while accelerating to over 40 million users. That’s a velocity we’re proud of.”
With Google working hard at accelerating the execution of their vision which seems to include both ‘app-ifying’ every corner of our world (desktop, mobile and the enterprise) and tying these apps together via a social glue they can monetize through search, we are betting that 2012 and beyond will see the emergence of the social web climbing out of the stovepipes.
If true, what does this trend mean for New Market Entrepreneurs? In the short-term, while Google+ might not seem to command the numbers to justify building a page presence, it very well might become an important element of your social/content/inbound marketing mix if social search will be playing a role in Google search algorithms. Over the longer term– if the social web indeed emerges from the stovepipes– it will surely mean marketing strategies/plans that take on a 3-dimensional-chess-like aura. Facebook, et al aint going away. But if social broaden’s out, it will mean careful consideration on how and where to invest time, money and attention.
Back to the Forbes post for a concluding remark with which we agree.
From a short-term perspective, Google and Facebook seem to be waging a war to determine which will dominate the social scene. Does Google have more in its arsenal? Yes. Is Facebook adding weapons to respond? Yes. Where the difference lies is the audience. Users will shape the outcome of this struggle. Their preferences and behaviors will drive change, shaping the way each company approaches their domination strategies. For the time being, Facebook and Google+’s different audiences and approaches are making it possible for them to co-exist. Only time will tell when one will come out on top.CinemaNow or never: Rovi puts its digital movie store up for sale
It’s been a long and turbulent history for CinemaNow, a pioneering digital movie platform – and now it’s time for another chapter: Current owner Rovi has decided to sell the white-label platform two years after it spent a whopping $720 million on it.January 30, 2004
Overseas vehicle production by Japanese automakers in the third quarter of 2003 totalled 2,150,687 units, an increase of 11.8% over the same quarter the previous year. This is explained primarily by expanded overseas production in the Asian, North American and European markets.
Results for the period of January 2003 - September 2003 were also up from the previous year, rising 11.9% to 6,312,812 units, owing likewise to expanded local production.Cattle Grazing Effects on Phragmites australis in Nebraska/
Authors: Jerry D. Volesky, Stephen L. Young, and Karla H. Jenkins (2016) Invasive Plant Science and Management: April-June 2016, Vol. 9, No. 2, pp. 121-127.
Phragmites australis (common reed) is a widely established invasive plant in wetlands and riparian areas. A three-year study was initiated in Nebraska to evaluate targeted cattle grazing, herbicide effects, and the nutritive value of this species. Results suggest that cattle will utilize Phragmites, and the cumulative effect of grazing has the potential to reduce P. australis populations. However, other methods would have to be used for greater control and site restoration. READ FULL PAPER.Founded in 2012 with the goal of advancing scientific research in the social sciences, business, education, public health, and related disciplines, Untested Ideas (UI) Research Center® provides the researchers and scholars worldwide with resources, grants, and academic exchange platforms and channels through research interest sections, funded research projects, annual conferences, training workshops, and publications.
The mission of the Center is to serve the researchers and scholars in the world and aims to promote advanced and cutting-edge research methodology, publish investigations on new and untested ideas, and disseminate research findings that make original and significant contributions to the social sciences, business, education, public health, and related disciplines.If you are in Melbourne and need help with your trees, whatever your concerns may be, Total Tree Care has your solution covered..
When Tree Removal is the best option, we have the expertise, equipment and team to deal with any challenge. Be it a 4m Pittosporum or a 65m Victorian Mountain Ash, in a terrace courtyard or open space, your tree can be carefully dismantled, leaving your garden clean tidy and free of damage. Any Tree, Any Place, we Leave No Trace.
We’ve got the experience and equipment to provide the complete stump removal Melbourne residents need. Our range of stump grinding machines turns unsightly tree stumps into useful mulch. Re-plant, re-turf, and rebuild over the very site of the removed tree and cultivate the garden you desire.
Our qualified arborists perform initial observations at the ground level, but we’re not shy about getting up into the canopy for a close-in examination. An aerial tree inspection can reveal defects not visible from the ground, putting a unique perspective on your tree’s situation. We take the time to discuss your concerns, assess your property, and diagnose any potential problems.
Formative pruning is best done on juvenile trees to correct structural issues. With screen trees used for privacy like pears and most hedges, it’s important to manage them before the horse has bolted. Often we are called in when there has been little or no maintenance, or they are just too large for the gardener to deal with.
Big old trees are our most valued and sometimes they need support to maximise their lifespan. Likewise when they span over property it is a not a question of the likelihood of failure more what damage will occur when this happens. Guard against this damage with cable bracing systems installed by our team of trained professionals.
Mature.
Our team are ready to take your call.Pleo SAN SALM (Sanukehl Salm)
- Details
- Ingredients
- Send to friend
- Customers Also Bought
- Customer feedback
Pleo SAN SALM (Sanukehl Salm) | Pleo Sanum - Out of Stock
Sanukehl Salm is for chronic bowel problems associated with E. coli and salmonella, chronic GI inflammation, pancreatitis, celiac disease, malnutrition, failure to thrive in children and rheumatic fever.*
Indications :
- for chronic bowel problems associated with E. coli and salmonella chronic GI inflammation*
- pancreatitis celiac disease*
- malnutrition and failure to thrive in children rheumatic fever*
Pleo SAN SALM (Sanukehl Salm) | Pleo Sanum
Ingredients:
Salmonella enteriditis..
A disconnected memory comes to my mind of some young girl acquaintance my own age then, somewhere in the eternity between 6 and 11, shouting her excitement that a particular stand at some fair we were attending had pink lemonade. All I can remember is a single scene: her shoulder-length, straight, strawberry-blond hair, the late summer sun, the dirt below, and my complete acceptance that pink lemonade was in the pantheon of flavors, worth the shocking price typical of carnival fare.
None of us even tried to describe the flavor of pink. We were satisfied simply to be connoisseurs in the know. Many years later, a friend, by no means little, not a girl, having short, brown hair, jaded and worldly, during the mere epoch of college, responded to my interest in pink lemonade dismissively, claiming it to be common lemonade with pink dye, and told me I could simply add a spoonful of frozen Concord grape juice concentrate if I thought pinkness would make it better. I should have known better than to have asked a chemistry major, and a home brewer besides. The color was good, but it did not taste pink to me. It reminds me of recipes for Rote Gruesse requiring red fruits. It seems that is interpreted as red currents, raspberries, strawberries, and cherries, an apparent domination of the aesthetic by color, rather than by flavor.
We visited the grandparental town this summer during the middle of berry season. Strawberries were done, blackberries were still flowers, blueberries were abundant, and every fruit stall at the farmers’ market had raspberries. I was not the only one to notice the profusion of berries or to realize their transient nature: a little boy, perhaps five, was there, straining on his mother’s arm as if it were a leash exclaiming “Berries! Berries! Berries!”
My daughter made a raspberry-lemon tart this summer that had both a remarkable color and wonderfully balanced raspberry and lemon flavors. Definitely blogsworthy, thought I, as the last piece disappeared into her little cousin’s mouth a few minutes after the tart was placed on the table.
****************************
My daughter had an assignment on McCarthyism last spring. Though those events were long before I was born, my fascination with argumentation, intrigue, conspiracy theories, and ideologies all got pinged. I thought to try to continue her education at home. My rock and roll homeschool lessons were easy thanks to YouTube, but I realized for the more serious subject of the politics of fear, my homeschool would need a more substantial medium, such as Hollywood. The first two assignments were recent documentaries addressing, in part, aspects of the political exploitation of fear: Michael Moore’s “Fahrenheit 911” and “Bowling for Columbine.” Already in adulthood and having followed these stories closely in the news from great geographical and cultural distances (Berlin and San Francisco, respectively), I felt I could provide sufficient background, criticize, indicate missing arguments, keep some distance, and explain some of the controversies engendered.
The next assignment was intrigue using the 1962 version of “The Manchurian Candidate.” I first saw this film when it was re-released in 1988 at Cinema 21 in Portland (just down the block from where I lived). The absence of showings for so many years itself elicited a conspiracy theory that it was suppressed. I tried to find the Kindle version of the novel. Available not at amazon, but at amazon uk, yet not available to US Kindle users. Suspicious, I searched for information about the book. I found an article written by the author (“‘Manchurian Candidate’ in Dallas” 1963) in response to the accusation that the author was responsible for John F. Kennedy’s assassination. The article is very well written, and it presents some of the same themes as “Bowling for Columbine” does decades later. The politics of fear are powerful and enduring.
The DVD cover of “The Manchurian Candidate” highlights the actors Frank Sinatra, Laurence Harvey, and Janet Leigh. Note that the familiar Angela Lansbury, who has a far greater role than Janet Leigh, is not. At first, I was surprised, because I knew who Angela Lansbury was from her roles in “Bedknobs and Broomsticks,” and “Murder, She Wrote,” and I had no idea who Janet Leigh was (this indicates my age), but the cover is about selling, and beauty and glamour sell better than honesty. The magnificently intertwined intrigue skirts between realism and satire. The anti-communist senator rants, sounds as if he is drunk, and every time claims a different number of communists in the Department of Defense. Is it a simple thriller, a criticism of the gullible populace, a satire of campaign politics, or fear-mongering? Or all of them together?
Two scenes struck me in the film. One was when the evil mother (watch out for allusions to Greek tragedies) is puppeteering her ranting anti-communist senator-husband as he crashes a hearing by making wild allegations about the communist infestation. She is in the hearing room, watching a television showing the hearing live in order to judge when to signal his outburst. That was 1962. It immediately recalled an episode in the Iran-Contra hearings of 1987. I was working as a research assistant at a Veteran’s Administration Medical Center (without pay or benefits, but that is another story) when I had the worst ‘flu I had ever had. I took an entire week off to spend in bed in the throes of fever. The Iran-Contra hearings were broadcast live on radio, and with my delirium to help me interpret, I listened to many, many hours. At one point, the radio commentators discussed how some reporters would bring televisions into the hearing, because what they saw with their own eyes seemed to give a puzzlingly different impression of what was seen on television. In particular, it was noted that the credibility of Oliver North was far better on television than live (and radio). Of course, it is all about show. Thus, the next assignment was “Wag the Dog,” where the concept of show is elaborated fully in the context of scandal and re-election, and eerily preminiscent (I know this is not a real word, but it is apt) of the Lewinsky scandal.
Bear in mind my fascination with these themes and belief in their pedagogical value. I have a colleague who is an endless source of conspiracy theories about the Middle East, usually contradictory to themselves, his last, and his next. At first, I was so naive as to disregard all conspiracy theories, especially the self-contradictory variety, but after a few years, I realize that they are often more likely to be all true, and the more contradictions, the more veracity, just like people.
The other scene that triggered my mind in “The Manchurian Candidate” was when the evil mother refers to her son’s love interest, the sweet blond (strawberry blond?) daughter of the other senator, a political rival, as a “communist tart.” That, I thought, is a perfect name for the raspberry-lemon tart. It is not a pinko color sympathizer: it is the real thing with true raspberry flavor.
****************************
To be served on red china:
Pink Lemonade Bars
from Smitten Kitchen
Makes one 9″ tart.Zacron at The Royal Windsor Horse Show 2011
meets the world of equestrian excellence.
Zacron was delighted to be invited to judge the entrants of the British Drivers
Association of which His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh K.G. K.T.
is The Patron.
The occasion was The Laurent Perrier Meet of the British Driving Association.
More than thirty carriages gathered in The Copper Horse Arena for close inspection,
grooms in attendance, including staff from the Stables of the Royal Mews. The standard
of both the carriages and the horses, including Shetland ponies were the highest in
Great Britain. The Drivers, their passengers and postillion passengers and guards, were
impeccably dressed, some in formal driving attire, others in National Costume.
The occasion was one of supreme elegance, great dignity, even high fashion.
Much credit and thanks must go to stable staff who worked so hard and devotedly
behind the scenes, they contributed to the supremely high standard.
The sun shone brilliantly between the trees, showing the procession at its best.
Impeccable paintwork, shining bridles and halters, the Spanish carriage, adorned heavily
with clusters of bells, combined magic with romance as groomed horses trotted
energetically beside the river. Many horses synchronised their strides perfectly, lifting
their front legs in a coordinated dressage.
The artist was afforded every courtesy as drivers lifted their caps, classical bowlers
and silk top hats giving a sense of timelessness to the event. Seldom has a British Artist
received such acknowledgment and hospitality from a Royal procession.
Zacron was presented to John Peacock the Chief Steward for Driving, also Bob Elliot The
Ring Guard (see above) and was attended by two delightful escorts for the day.
Accompanied by ArtShot international's Celebrity Photographer the party of five then
drove in a state of the art Range Rover to strategic locations around the Royal Park and
Queen's gardens in order to view the Drivers and their equestrian teams in full motion.
The final judging took place in The Castle Arena in front of the Royal Box where Zacron
was engaged in conversation with His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh (above).
Zacron received the cast bronze award and rosette from a member of the Queen's Guard
and presented the rosettes to Paul White who won the much coveted award for the
most elegant carriage, horses and driver at the Royal Horse Show.
Jim Corbett, President of The British Driving Society greeted Zacron in the members
Restaurant overlooking the Castle Arena and commented that he thought the winner an
excellent choice.
Zacron was then invited to attend the Royal Box in the company of Her Majesty The
Queen and His Magesty The Duke of Edinburgh.
For your Reference - http:/ Event site Society site Magazine
View more pictures of the event here.
Location Photography ArtShot International - Zacron DACS 2011 All rights reserved.
By kind permission of Her Majesty The Queen.
Zacron wishes to thank Tess Styles for her kind hospitality also to Phil Hewitt and
Robert Styles for their vision and support.
©2018 ZACRON. All rights reserved.Site by Lantern Studios in association with Cube ConnectionThe Addiction Dictionary
Otherwise Known As Addictionary
The use of addictive substances has tripled in the United States over the past decade. The percentages are higher internationally.
Read that again. The numbers have tripled in ten years.
How many addicts are there in the world? That is an impossible question. It might be possible to count the number of alcoholics and come to a reasonable approximation. The same can be said of cocaine addicts and meth addicts and heroin addicts. But now toss in those addicted to gambling and sex and prescription drugs and overeating and……and….and…..
Yes, an impossible question! It might be easier to count the number of fleas on a homeless mongrel.
So this dictionary is for all of you….literally for the hundreds of millions of addicts in the world who have, in one way or another, found a crutch to help them get through life, or to escape life; whichever one applies.
A IS FOR…..ANGST
Yes, that feeling of dread, anxiety, and apprehension. Some might call it revulsion…some would be correct in that assessment.
B IS FOR…..BONE TIRED
The battle is never-ending. The need increases, the hope decreases and dreams of a brighter future fade with each passing day.
C IS FOR…..CARNIVOROUS
The disease is eating you alive. From the inside out, your mind, your body, your spirit, all devoured by the living being that can never be satiated.
D IS FOR…..DISCONNECT
Reality or delusion? What is real when you are not in control of your life? How can you possibly make an intelligent decision when you live in a distorted state?
E IS FOR…..EXCESS
One is too many and one hundred not enough. That is the world you live in now. There is no quieting the beast no matter how much you inhale, ingest or inject.
Well worth watching this video
F IS FOR…..FAILURE
Each day begins with a solemn vow to beat the addiction, but that solemn vow lasts what? Two hours? Four? Six? Willpower is useless and invariably feelings of personal failure enter your consciousness.
G IS FOR…..GAMBLE
The longer you ride this addiction the more you gamble with your life. Make no mistake about it: addictions kill, literally thousands daily and the number is increasing.
H IS FOR…..HELL
It is a living hell you live in. The life you once knew, the carefree, happy, unlimited possibilities life is now gone, replaced by need and hopelessness.
I IS FOR…..IDENTITY
The personal characteristics for which you were once known are rapidly disappearing. You are a mere shadow of the person you once were, and looking in a mirror is now a painful experience.
J IS FOR…..JADED
Excess has made you dull and insensitive. You are constantly fatigued, worn out and feeling defeated. The once vibrant colors that defined you are now varying shades of gray.
A powerful declaration by an addict
There is help if you want it
- Alcoholics Anonymous :
National Office of Alcoholics Anonymous
Overeaters Anonymous
- Overeaters Anonymous - I put my hand in yours, and together we can do what we could never do alone.
National site for Overeaters Anonymous
K IS FOR…..KARMA
Your fate or destiny is a foregone conclusion under the grips of addiction. The total effect of your actions have determined a life that will only get worse and never better.
L IS FOR…..LACKING
Everything you once knew is lacking. Your cognitive skills are diminishing. Your physical prowess is diminishing. Your thirst and hunger for life is diminishing and, if allowed to go much longer, your desire to live will be lacking.
M IS FOR…..MOROSE
Marked by or showing gloom, and most certainly addiction is a gloomy state of existence. Where has the happiness gone to? Where is the carefree person who once inhabited your body? Gone the way of addiction; the only question is whether that person will ever return.
N IS FOR…..NORMALCY
And what is normal in this new life of addiction? Certainly not what it once was. Now normal consists of quieting the beast, maintaining and functioning rather than enjoying the spontaneity of life.
O IS FOR…..OPPRESSION
A feeling of being heavily weighed down and oh how that describes your new life of addiction. Everything is a major chore; everything seems to be a burden.
P IS FOR…..PATIENT
Food addiction survivor
Q IS FOR…..QUESTIONS
You have a million questions but you have run out of answers. Why can’t I drink like everyone else? Why can’t I eat normally? Why can’t I do recreational drugs occasionally? What’s wrong with me? Why am I weak?
R IS FOR…..RESPONSIBILITIES
A subtle shift is happening as the addiction becomes your friend and lover. All other responsibilities become less important. Eventually you will reach the stage where your only responsibility is to your addiction and then life as you once knew it will end.
S IS FOR…..SADNESS
Not a sadness like when you don’t get a promotion you wanted, or you see a little child crying; no, this sadness will be bone-deep and penetrate every fiber of your being. It is the sadness of hopelessness and it will soon become all-encompassing.
T IS FOR…..TERMINAL
It has been said that, untreated, the only ends of alcoholism and drug addiction are jail, institutions or death. I suspect other addictions have the same terminals. There are no happy endings if addiction is left untreated or ignored.
U IS FOR…..USELESS
Everything you have tried has failed. Willpower has failed. Trying to manipulate the addiction has failed. Trying moderation has failed. Given enough failure, one soon feels useless, and it is a short journey from useless to defeat.
The ugly truth...this is hard to watch
Do you have an addiction?
V IS FOR…..VISUALIZE
Form a mental image of complete defeat. Form a mental image of lost loves, lost possessions, and lost self-respect. If you can visualize it you can attain it….through addiction.
W IS FOR…..WRESTLING
You find yourself wrestling the thousand-pound gorilla that is addiction. Life is a constant battle of maintaining and attempting to function in a world that is moving much faster than you are.
X IS FOR…..X-RAY
Take a look inside of you. Look in your heart. Look in your mind. What do you see? Can you even identify the person you once were? Do you recognize who you have become?
Y IS FOR…..YET
Well I haven’t been arrested yet! I haven’t lost my family yet! I haven’t lost my job yet, and I haven’t lost my health yet! Well keep on with that addiction and all of your “yets” will come true.
Z IS FOR…..ZILCH
Zip…Zero….Zilch…that is what your life will be worth if you do not get help with your addiction. Count on it. Set your clock by it. It is inevitable, as sure as the tides and the setting sun, and the sun will surely set on your life if you do not reach out for help.
And Now for the Good News
The help that you so desperately need is available. That’s the good news. The bad news is that you have to be willing to go to any lengths to regain your life.
Are you willing, or are you not yet there? Have you suffered enough or are you not yet at capacity? Are you sad enough yet? Disgusted enough yet? Broken and defeated enough yet?
Sadly, the only person who can answer those questions is the addict, and he/she is impaired in their decision-making abilities. Many do choose life and lead wonderful lives in recovery. Many do not choose that path, and their outcome is predictable and tragic.
There is only one question, then, that remains: how bad do you want it?
2013 William D. Holland (aka billybuc)
“Raising awareness one person at a time.”
The life of an addict is a hard one. He or she feels alone and misunderstand. It pleases me to see anyone get much deserved help, as nobody deserves to wallow in their own pit of hell. Life has so much to offer when one's eyes are opened. Good work, Billy, in more ways than one.
What a powerful hub and really puts it out there with no sugar coating. Hopefully this helps a lot of people.
Simply brilliant. This should be required reading for every program that is working to help fight the problem of addiction. Love ya kindred.
I'm not sure if it meets the criteria for addiction, but my daughter tends to be inseparable from her gadget, updating her status and chatting with her friends all the time through the social media. I'm still trying to find a wise way in "curing" this kind of addiction.
Thank you for this interesting, informative hub.
I have no addictions, but I have a strong attraction to chocolate. Seriously, this is a great summary from A to Z defining addition. It's those last questions you list that have to be tackled in order to make use of this excellent dictionary meaning.
Addictions are no laughing matter. I have been trying for mumble, mumble years to cut down on mine. Total abstinence I have found is impossible. The addiction, you might ask? Coffee/mocha chocolate chip ice cream.
-
Bill, an excellent hub from someone with first hand experience. You've been there and came out the other side. Yes, addiction can be broken and you are so right, the addicted individual need to want it, only they can make that decision. Great way to spread awareness. I hope you're having a wonderful day.
Great hub, Bill! Are we on the same wavelength or not? I became addicted to pain medication before I was 20 years old with other addictions, as well. I have overcome most but the painkillers are an upward battle as the need for pain relief still exists.
This is a critically important time to release this beast destroyer of the evils within people caused by addiction. Nice full scale launch and play on definitions here Bill, I can relate to most of the associative properties of this intense hub. Whoa!!!!!!
LOL, I like to kill addictions one by one as well, and my very last one to catch the sledge hammer of all time end days, is the Internet addiction I currently have. Oh and maybe that of not having money and chasing the darn thing all the time (Aka similar to Gamblers chronic mental illness). Sometimes I feel like a silly rabbit, running on one huge mega galactic treadmill online.
Awesome helpful hub bro, & so intense my eyes almost popped out! :)
Thumbs up extremely high on this one, and outta this hub universe!!
Bill,
I also think you are addicted to sharing and caring. This is such a blunt, sincere alphabetical outline of reality laced with powerful videos.
I know you are reaching more people than you may ever know...you are paying it back and then some. Thank you for always inspiring me.
Have a peaceful night. Love, Maria
Really interesting hub on a serious real world problem, Bill.
-
I am on my phone, at football (not playing) and the layout on HP is looking mighty strange today. It has tipped my proof reading skills over the edge!
I meant 'reaching.' Although your 'organism' faux pas is way worse than mine :D
Have a good weekend too.
Excellent hub. You are an example of that decision to change been taken by one person. Now look at the far retching positive impact that decision had. To save your life, your sanity and not forgetting you now give so much help and encouragement to others. You done good and the ripples keep on reaching out and making a difference. One mans choices touch on so many other's worlds. Awesome and helpful.
Hi Billy, this was a fantastic hub. I'm glad you were able to overcome your addiction and are now living a happier life.
This is a powerful and important hub, Bill. Thank you for creating it.
Awesome hub Bill. I am glad that you have pulled through and are inspiration for many who need it. These hubs are definite gems!
Dear Bill,
Very realistic eye-opener here on the sly disease of addiction! I am so glad you chose life and have wonderful new addictions. There are so many addictions out there that are truly destroying lives and families, especially the ever-growing addiction to pornography, which destroys a person's mind, especially a young person's perception of reality. Then, there are those that have that shopping addiction, it is endless.
Sadly, more times than not, one must hit rock bottom and have nowhere else to go but up, but if that is what it takes, then that is what it takes before one's life is taken!
I know that addiction runs in my family, and I also know the power of prayer too for I have seen it heal when the person is set free to be indeed!
Blessings and love,
Faith Reaper
An alphabetic look at addiction. This has to be done by someone addicted to writing! Like you mentioned, this doesn't have the negative effects of other addiction. According to Eric, ours is a healthy addiction. Thank you for sharing your creativity.
Epic Hub, Bill. Outstanding. If a reader doesn't learn about addiction from this article there is no hope for them. Excellent.
Never been addicted to anything. However nice hub
C is for coffee. I am a complete slave to it, and will murder without hesitation for a cup of Joe. Seriously though, I believe that the rise in addiction is part and parcel of the "self gratification at all costs" philosophy that pervades our electronic society. That, and most people except for you and I have way too much time on their hands. Great hub!
Like anything else, if you want it badly enough, with help you will be able to survive. I've never been to that terrible place but I have seen others who have. This explains clearly what happens to the minds and the lives of addicts and so helps others understand, something which is also important. I now have a better insight and therefore a more sympathetic attitude. Thank you. Ann
Great, creative reference Hub for keeping a recovering individual's awareness up. Thanks for sharing this helpful tool, Bill.
The weather here in the WW Valley is finally post-Indian Summer, returning to the ambiance of more familiar autumns...rain and overcast one hour; sunshine the next; followed by a sweeping breeze that renders the once highly-foliaged trees into dark skeletal shapes...just in time for Halloween! : ) Have a good one, my friend! Life...it is what it is, and I'm enjoying and appreciating every moment of it, just as I know you are! Aloha, buddy, and let's hope the O-line offers Russell Wilson more protection on Sunday!
~Joe
Here we go propping up the comments column again...
My turn? Ooh, dear me, what do I say?! How's this for size:
(Usual praise for a popular hub, blah-blah, rhubarb-rhubarb etc)
What do I do about MY addiction Doc Bill? I'm a commentaholic, AND a Hub-aholic! There's gotta be a cure somewhere, I'm desperate. Can't sleep without a laptop within reach... Blub-blub!
Seriously though, even as long ago as when sir Arthur Conan-Doyle wrote his Sherlock Holmes stories, his alter-ego Dr Watson watching Holmes sink into a torpor after injecting himself or on visits to an opium den in the docks area of Limehouse, where there was a Chinese 'colony'. These opium dens sprang up all over Limehouse (now an area for the up-and-coming around Canary Wharf) around the time of the Opium Wars in China... Now the Chinese - and others - supply addicts all over London, even in Mayfair.
'There ain't no cure for the summertime blues' (we know a song about that, don't we).
Thankfully, I have never struggled with addiction myself. I pray for those who suffer -- addicts of narcotics, gambling, alcohol, etc. My hope is that some way, they face the problem, find peace, and discover an addiction to life.
Nice one Billy. Fortunately my addiction is pineapple and coconut ice cream but I know where you're coming from. I hope your alphabet helps many people to face their demons. ( Haagen Dazs)
I had an uncle die from alcoholic related problems. He refused to get help. He left behind two daughters and four grandchildren. He never saw how much he would be missed.
Great hub and I love the use of the letters of the alphabet to try to define the different facets of addiction. Addicted people have a long journey in front of them and even if they conquer their addiction, the battle continues everyday.
Each of us have our own way to resist or succumb to stress or peer pressure I suppose.
Thank you for enlightening us about what addiction can do to people! Very interesting!
Wow Bill, you just described me to a T! Yes, I am willing, and with your help I will succeed! Thank you for posting this, I think that I will be re-reading this quite a bit throughout my long journey!
A super article, Bill. I love that you ended by showing that there is
a choice to be made. This choice can influence the rest of one's life.
I admire anyone who makes the choice to overcome a way of life,
that is no life at all.
Having lived around alcoholics, I understand
that sobriety is only one drink away.
Congratulations, Bill.
DJ.
Having had a nicotine habit years back and over-coming it I can only imagine what drugs or alcohol would be like. You deserve a metal I am sure for I know I so enjoyed a whiff of smoke passing by like a drunkard might a rum cake? Just saying it was so hard on me I can only imagine what alcoholics must go through to quit and even that must take years from your life in the battle.
Your new addictions are wonderful. Up and shared as always.
Very powerful in-your-face article Bill. Often we don't see addiction taking up residence in our psyche and habits. Then we deny. Then we fall. But then we see (hopefully). Then we climb out of the hell we've created for ourselves. That is if we want it bad enough to fight the demon.
Bill, I am such an addict that I gave up fighting it. Some of us just have those personality traits. I hit bottoms in several areas and times. I fully admit addictions own me.
So after twenty years of fighting it -- I just went ahead and adopted healthy addictions. Fruit, hiking, writing, etc. My poor wife is still married to an addict. But at least no longer a destructive one.
Great article here. And I hope widely read. We pray for those still suffering.
My excuse was that there was always tomorrow. I'd live in the moment, deciding I would do better the next day. Every day became "tomorrow". I'm glad to see you had a video about food addiction. Some people think food addiction is about a person eating too much, but like the guy in the video said, it's really about hiding. Your dictionary brings awareness. In fact, this whole article brings hope to those still struggling with whatever type of addiction they have.
The Addiction Dictionary very interesting and lots to think about here and another one of your informative hubs with a learning experience.
You are right Bill (all of these A-Z) define an addict. But love how you ended it of how badly one may want to recover and actually want to take that path to get help. I know from knowing you that you do have first hand knowledge and thank you as always for your honesty and commitment to try to help other. Happy Halloween my friend!
72“Don’t burn out; keep yourselves fueled and aflame. Be alert servants of the Master, cheerfully expectant. Don’t quit in hard times; pray all the harder. Help needy Christians; be inventive in hospitality” Romans 12:11-13 (The Message).
I woke up a few months’ ago feeling sad and just a bit down. My heart was heavy as I thought about painful issues some of my friends were dealing with. I was feeling under the weather, tired, and looking at my schedule, was extremely busy.
I’ve gotten a lot closer to my Heavenly Father in the last few months and I realize when I’m feeling this way what I need to do. I used to run to another person to fill that need or something tangible like food to momentarily distract me from my blah feelings, even though I knew none of those things would satisfy, not really. It’s unfair for me to place that kind of responsibility on those I love. They aren’t responsible for my happiness any more than I can be responsible to make them happy. And food: Really, when I overindulge, I end up feeling worse.
So, I chose to talk to Him instead. I got myself to a quiet place and just poured out my soul to the One who can make a difference. I told Him what was bothering me, exactly how I was feeling, and even though I’m sure most of my feelings were irrational or borne from emotional and physical exhaustion, I didn’t feel criticized or judged. Then, I asked God something I’ve started asking of Him more and more lately. I asked Him to love me. I didn’t need Him to tell me He would take care of me, protect me and my loved ones, or fix the issues we were facing. I wasn’t having a faith crisis. I just was having an Eyeore day. I just wanted to feel loved. So, I did just that. I asked Him to somehow, in His own unique way, show me how much He loved me. And then I waited. I didn’t need an instant answer. I didn’t want a quick fix.
It’s been a few hours and I’m still waiting. And that’s okay. Because my Father is so personal and from past experiences, I know that He will find a way to personalize how much I mean to Him at just the right time and in just the right way.
What about you? Do you ever just need to feel loved and accepted for who you are? There is a Heavenly Father waiting to show you, in a very personal way, just how much you mean to Him. And you know what? He loves it when we ask. Especially if we’re having one of those days.
© Cheri Swalwell 201410 new IAS officers are allocated in Gujarat by Indian Government, at present these all IAS officers are serving as deputation in Central government, among the selected 10 IAS officers 5 are from the Neighbour state Rajasthan.
Here are the list of 10 IAS officers : Tejas Parmar from Gujarat, Vipin Garg from Rajasthan , Bhavya varma from Rajasthan, Devilal from Rajasthan, Yogesh Chaudhary from Rajasthan, OmPrakash from Rajasthan ,Gavhane Navnath from Maharashtra, khataale Ravingra from Maharashtra ,Shalini Dahhan from Haryana, Nitin Sangval from Chandigarh.We thought we’d all show up for Sunday morning at a local church together, since it was Easter.
All 6 of us: Ma and Pa, 2 big kids, a toddler and baby in the Baby Bjorn.
Theoretically it was possible we could get there on time, if the eclipse happened at just the right time, the earth was tilted just so, and a taxi came by quickly.
We ended up walking for a bit before a cab came along, and showed up at 8:50 (about 20 minutes late).
We slightly forgot that it would probably be quite full.
As in tiny narrow benches where you kiss your knees–all jam packed with people wearing their heavy coats because there is no heat in the city anymore.
After we went to one of the upstairs viewing rooms (there are 4 rooms– 1 with the live action and 3 with big TV screens), walked through one to the kids’ area before the kids decided they’d rather sit with us, we realized we would need to sit on plastic stools in the back.
But the wonderful, kind, thoughtful Chinese would have none of it.
In the midst of joyful hymn singing, some people started hauling a few old ladies out of their seats to make room for some of us, and each parent sat in a different spot with two kids.
So I sat there with my oldest and the baby, ready to relax for a moment.
But only for a moment.
The same kind folks decided that we had to sit together as a family, and directed the elderly gentleman sitting between me and the wall, to move to the row in front of us.
With a little lifting and pushing from the row behind us, the poor guy hiked up a leg and clambered over the bench to squeeze in between two gray-haired maidens who were already fully engaged with playing with our baby.
There we sat, finally ready to savor the moment.
Not a little embarrassed at the ruckus we had caused with our tardiness.
But that was soon forgotten as we celebrated the Reason for our faith.
Happy Easter!
Smile-smile–smile!!!
some of my best shashan memories are from last Easter. 🙂1/3 cup old fashioned oats
1/2 cup almond milk
1 scoop protein powder
1/4 tsp vanilla extract
dash of cinnamon
sweeten with agave or stevia (maybe a little of each?!)
1/2 a chopped apple
1 tablespoon of flaxseed meal
Mix all ingredients in your jar and enjoy in the morning!
Advertisements
Tag: tarte
The One with the Sephora Haul April 2016
Does anyone else have a problem spending less than $50 at Sephora? Because I do! Obviously I need to spend a minimum of $50 to get the free shipping, right?! Spending $7.95 on shipping just isn't acceptable when you could be spending that money on more product...right?! It's what I tell myself anyway! XD I… Continue reading The One with the Sephora Haul April 2016In this paper, we propose a noise compensation method for robust speech recognition in DSR (Distributed Speech Recognition) systems based on histogram equalization and correlation information. The objective of this method is to exploit the correlation between components of the feature vector and the temporal correlation between consecutive frames of each component. The recognition experiments, including results in the Aurora 2, Aurora 3-Spanish and Aurora 3-Italian databases, demonstrate that the use of this correlation information increases the recognition accuracy.
Full Paper
Bibliographic reference. Martinez, Pedro M. / Segura, Jose C. / Garcia, Luz (2007): "Robust distributed speech recognition using histogram equalization and correlation information", In INTERSPEECH-2007, 1058-1061.Back with a bang
I should never have doubted or even felt a shred of apprehension about Bloc Party‘s studio return after a four year hiatus. Kele Okereke’s solo asides were much less than stellar but thankfully his experimental excursions seem to have benefited the band tremendously rather than hinder it.
By the time I was a fan, roughly around late 2008, opinions had already formed and solidified about their three albums and supposed progressive downfall. I went into all of them with no real expectations and was totally unaware of the growing discontent with the band’s direction. Perhaps my blissful ignorance of the critical and public incense was a factor in my near equal enjoyment and appreciation of each record’s intricacies.
Bloc Party had never let me down before, and they still haven’t. Four is a collection of songs that are lucky to exist when you consider the band’s recent history; tensions supposedly having reached boiling point after Intimacy, rumors of the search for a new singer. Four‘s name, aside from the most obvious numeral significance, seems to have another meaning; this isn’t an album that gives the impression of being dictated by one person but rather, feels like more of a team effort (yes, they are four members in the band); granted, the lyrics are still classic Okereke, which is perfectly fine considering I’ve always enjoyed his writing (it’s mostly great here, once again) but instrumentally, the album doesn’t contain a shred of the rather poor fitting electronica he’s indulged in over the past few years, that particular itch having been scratched with his solo work. (and don’t get me wrong, such elements have their place in Bloc Party but Intimacy demonstrated their limits).
Those underwhelmed by Octopus should still make the effort to check out the album in its entirety. The debut single is likely the weakest track; not bad by any means but certainly meagre in context. Instead of computerised beats, the record takes the two thirds form of honest, straightforward hard-rock, hugely reminiscent of bassist Moake’s Young Legionnaire. 3×3, Kettling, and We’re Not Good People find the quartet channeling their inner Queens of the Stone Age to fantastic effect. The remaining third, in particular Day Four and The Healing demonstrate their retained ability to create the touching, sombre, indie ballads which Bloc Party have been known and renowned for in the past. It’s a combination which works well and never falters throughout the album’s 43 minute running time.
I usually like minimalism but in the case of Four‘s cover art, I can’t help but be a little disappointed. It is a jarring choice considering the band’s history of provocative artwork. What should probably be a striking example of ‘less is more’ appeal ultimately undermines the record’s visual impact, a result of unfulfilled expectation.
I’ve looked hard but that’s about the only flaw I can really find with Four. Maybe it’s my Bloc Party fanboyism or a hunger gone unsatisfied for so long clouding my judgement, but I can’t really care when I’m still enjoying it so much after so many listens.
It was worth the wait.Author Sandy Sloane
The Zebra Ink recently held a Holiday Pop Up Book Shoppe in Rochester, NY. One of the featured authors that day was Sandy Sloane.
Meet Sandy Sloane
Sandy Weinberger-Sloane is the Lead Consultant and President of Solutions by Sloane, a workforce training and development/special events/public relations company. For the past 30 years, Sandy has worked in the public and private sectors in a variety of positions focusing on workforce development, employee engagement, special events, and public relations. She has also had a long career in journalism working with local, regional and national online and print publications, and is currently the lead writer for the Democrat & Chronicle’s weekly Woman to Watch column. Her parenting articles have covered a variety of issues, most notably raising self-assured children and teaching them how to handle peer pressure and bullying. She speaks professionally on many topics including bullying and peer pressure as well as public relations and networking effectively. Her four children’s books are the culmination of being a lifelong rhymer and storyteller.
For a complete description and purchase information for each book, please click on the book cover below.
To connect with Sandy, please visitChris Quinn News Archive
News -- March 2014 (1)
- 3/4 City of Champions: Pitt Basketball: T.J. Warren too much for Panthers in loss to N.C. State: The Pitt basketball team entered Mondayâs ACC clash with North Carolina State looking to do something that it hasnât done...
We're Social...for Statheads
Every Sports Reference Social Media Account
Site Last Updated: Tuesday, January 16, 5:41AMQuestion, Comment, Feedback, or Correction?Sam sent me a link to this interesting map using geotags with references to Sex, Allah, Hindu, Buddha, and Jesus.
My concern is that the geotagged places may not have been done by locals, but by tourists. This map seems to imply that these tags reflect local values and beliefs. But what if a lot of tourists taggged up India with references to “Hindu”? Or California got tagged up with “sex shop”?
It’s a pretty big grey area to draw anything conclusive about the data. The creators also mention the fact that all the searches were in English. I get that for India, but Brazil?
Posted via web from Je t’ecouteFriends of Carrick Hill - Evening Program
Genevieve flies Black Hawk helicopters and has served in Afghanistan. She and her crew have been known to land a Black Hawk on the oval of the local school, much to the delight and amazement of the children. Genevieve is herself a mother of two, and will appear in the splendour of her full uniform to give the talk.
Registration - $15
Friends of Carrick Hill - $10
To register click here and complete the booking sheet and return with payment to - The Membership/Tickets Officer, Friends of Carrick Hill Inc., 46 Carrick Hill Drive, Springfield SA 5062.Deautsche bank credit
For example, Bluebird presents its customers a tremendous on-line invoice pay feature and the ability to jot down paper deautschr. Chances are you'll reprint this article in it's entirety with the attached text field. Estime les coыts rйels pour les йcoles de votre choix et fait йtat des stratйgies de financement des йtudes de vos enfants. So, in the event you at present have deauutsche balance on a high-interest credit deautsche bank credit that additionally requires that you just pay an annual fee, you can lower your debts considerably by transferring your balances to certainly one of these credit cards. Normally a private account is ample - and is often simpler to open. What in case you presumably can get any particular person else to pay your funds?You worth range the money to make the funds, however any specific particular person else makes positive they're paid every month. I'd typically feel a bit uneasy carrying around huge deatusche of cash in crefit country nevertheless fortunately Japan is just crsdit the most secure nation deautsche bank credit earth. Then Banana Republic received me occupied with utilizing a retailer card to increase my credit limit thus driving down my utilization to improve my bank card. Literally, they put their estimated worth on people. You might have to attend until you've got been discharged from chapter earlier than you may get licensed deautsche bank credit a secured credit card. After reaching a sure age, they do deautschf like several sort of interference from ban mom and father of their lives. To verify the prepaid debit card dezutsche the perfect methodology for you to transfer money to Ecuador to your relative, it is a good suggestion to deautsche bank credit know the ATM scenario in the country, and ask your recipient in the event that they typically like using debit playing cards. With enhanced care credit online and buy limits, distinctive credir added providers and straightforward hot-itemizing companies, deautsche bank credit SURE FINANCIAL INSTITUTION Debit Card is likely one of the most power-packed debit cards in the nation. On the floor, this undoubtedly seems to be like a win from FA, deautsche bank credit it might be, but understand that you could not want as comprehensive of credit finance loan list as 353,000 relying on the forms of cost that you simply accept. Arbitration is more casual than a lawsuit in court docket. Though many institutions have signs posted that require identification, many don't ever enforce it, especially during busy durations. This model of How to Understand Debits and Credit was reviewed by Michael R. Grasp the Deautsche bank credit and you may relocate any unremarkable location of the kind you'd never uncover as soon as further should you closed your eyes and deautscue fifty toes away. You just should know the system, or have Credit score-Aid. Actually??!!!. Step No. You probably can borrow from 100 up to a thousand for a brief deautscge of time (generally two weeks) and at a extremely excessive interest rate (you pay something between 10 and 20 for every a hundred borrowed). William Roberts is an advocate for client rights and a member deautsche bank credit organizations helping citizens rebuild their monetary state. So long as you guantee that your account can cowl your ongoing funds, it might be very helpful to have your bills taken care of routinely. As soon as you've made some changes to free up cash deausche month, that you must match the freed-up cash on a month-to-month basis to the intro period. Since deautsche bank credit already have lengthy standing relationships how to repair bad credit report many corporations they shortly have the power to add dozens of commerce experiences how can i cancel my credit expert membership their files and create a paydex rating of eighty in a matter of corporative credit union. It will be important that you take all precautions to prevent Debit Card fraud, together with safeguarding your Debit Card PINdetails; bankk haven't acted deautsche bank credit andor unlawfully. Similar to something, there's not magical potion to repairing deautsche bank credit credit score score research. (they used to allow be added up to ten events a day!IF your expectig wired w. Inc. We will provide Disclosures required by legislation and other information about your authorized rights and duties deaautsche you electronically. For many, utilizing a financial institution card has develop proper right into a helpful and easy strategy to pay for devices.More...
This excellent phrase is necessary just by the way
24.04.2013 at 03:11 Tukinos:
This message, is matchless))), very much it is pleasant to me :)Shipping, Manila Forwarder
Ship balikbayan box from Florida to the Philippines using Forex Cargo Inc. Our service is safe, fast and reliable.
BALIKBAYAN BOX PRICE - WCE – Wells Cargo Express
Here at Wells Cargo Express, we specialized your Balikbayan Box to the Philippines. We have two locations in Southern California and looking on expanding our services
price hike | Forex Cargo Florida - Balikbayan Box Shipping
2016-05-23 · New Balikbayan Box Rates as I also add a disclaimer to check with your local Balikbayan Box shippers to check any changes in rates and
Balikbayan boxes warning.. | British Filipino
No search terms. No search term was entered. Please enter your
Forex Balikbayan Box Shipping | Forexworld
balikbayan box guaranteed 35-50 day service or we pay $1 for every day delay. 24"x 18" x 18", 50 lbs max. no taxable item, only $350 to metro-manila. call or
Forex Cargo UK - Home | Facebook
2012-05-08 · This video will show you how to best prepare your Forex balikbayan box (Regular Size) by taping it in an easy and secure way before filling it up with your
Forex Trading Online | FX Markets | Currencies, Spot
Forex Cargo Balikbayan Box Rates, Promotions and Pickups. Call (323)449-5468 now to schedule a Forex Cargo box pickup.
What is a Balikbayan Box? — Live in the Philippines
Balikbayan boxes delivered in just 15 days with Balikbayan boxes delivered in just 15 days with LBC’s new service Regular balikbayan box delivery takes at
Cargo, Door to door, Delivery, Balikbayan box Japan to
Balikbayan box cargo shipping services be bought in the Philippines at nearly the same price it costs in the Forex Cargo and Balikbayan Boxes from
How to pack your regular size Forex box - YouTube
*NOTE: For box status inquiries, please provide the following: 1. Sender name 2. Sender address 3. Consignee name 4. Consignee address 5. Tracking number
New Balikbayan Box Rates as of 2015-2016 | The Adventures
History. The balikbayan box arose around the 1980s in the United States brought about by the influx of overseas Filipino workers in the country. The first freight
Balikbayan Boxes - Shipping Cargo Boxes to the Philippines
Sending balikbayan box household items, food, and clothing to loved ones in the Philippines can sometimes be challenging since it may or may not be available in your
Balikbayan Boxes Rates from Arizona - Star Kargo AZ | Star
Forex Cargo Minnesota, Lakeville, Prepack Goods price starting at $170 by air or $110 by the beginnings of the 'Balikbayan Box' as originated by Forex in 1
Balikbayan box - Wikipedia
Balikbayan Box Sizes Your Forex agent will measure your box and whatever it's destination a price can 458-7447 Forex Cargo Florida offers balikbayan box
balikbayan box | eBay
2010-10-01 · Can anyone tell me what the measurements of the Jumbo Forex Balikbayan box are?
Forex Cargo Bahrain | Sea, Air, Road and Door to Door
2014-07-25 · Shipping Exporting Costs from the Philippines LBC Rates Review w/ BebotsOnly LBC Balikbayan Box 101 - Duration: 3:49. Boy Dubai 16,763 views. 3:49.
Balikbayan Box Sizes ~ Forex Cargo Florida - Balikbayan
No search terms. No search term was entered. Please enter your
Forex Cargo - Business Services Company - California
2013-07-24 · I am new to the site & looking for some advice. I want to send a balikbayan box to my new wife in philippines with things for the house there &
How to Ship a Balikbayan Box to the Philippines: LBC
Guide to Boxes and Rates. For your reference, below are the price guides for our available box sizes.
forex balikbayan box | Forex Cargo Info (323)449-5468
SAN MATEO, California – While the proposed inspection of balikbayan boxes entering the Philippines has been shelved as a result of global protests from OFWs
Best and Cheapest Balikbayan Box Shippers in the World
Forex Cargo UK. 1,914 likes · 5 talking about this. Balikbayan Boxes from UK to the Philippines
Balikbayan box (2007) - IMDb
balikbayan box, shipping, relocating to the Philippines, door-to-door, shipping, Philippines, airline, ticket
Can anyone tell me what the measurements of the Jumbo
10 reviews of Forex Cargo "Used these guys again for the 4th time and it was Price per box: In San Jose I have never sent a Balikbayan box before.
The Best Filipino Cargo | Mabilis, Subok at Garantisado
Forex Cargo is a Business Service Center in California, specializing in delivering Door-to-Door cargo and freight services, Forex Cargo Promo; Balikbayan Box
The Best Filipino Cargo | Mabilis, Subok at Garantisado
Sök Forex Us. Få Resultat från 6 SökmotorerRecently, we told you about about a new menu at one of my very favorite spots in all of Disney World: Beaches and Cream at Disney’s Beach Club Resort.
Beaches and Cream
With so many loyal fans, many of you expressed concern for the changes and wondered if the new options would measure up. I was right there with you! So does Beaches and Cream still rate as THE place to go for burgers and sundaes at Walt Disney World?
Time to find out! We headed over ASAP to try out the new menu…
Atmosphere
Walk into Beaches and Cream, and you’ll feel that you just traveled back in time to that beach side soda fountain of family vacations gone by. From the tall and frosty Orange Sunshine to the flavored cokes, this place will definitely bring back memories.
Don’t you love the beach balls decorating the booths? They’re a completely awesome pop of color and immediately make me smile every time I see them.
Seating is comfortable (snag one of the three booths if you can!). And don’t forget to check out the ice cream cone-shaped lights…
Pastel musical notes and beach towels romp alongside some of the fun dishes served at the restaurant in this colorful mural.
Mirrored glass shelves host a collection of Coca Cola in glass bottles, as well as an impressive array of glassware. This is a great reminder that you can still get your “soda pop” as a fountain drink, or in a cool “nostalgia bottle.”
It’s always fun to [Read more…]Posted.
The fishing vessel Maverick as it appeared in 2005. The Maverick collided with another vessel and sank on September 26, 2012.Photo credit: Lonnie Archibald/for Peninsula Daily News
Petty Officer Nathan Bradshaw, Coast Guard spokesman in Seattle told the media that Coast Guard rescue crews have called off the search. A Coast Guard helicopter based at Coast Guard Air Station/Sector Field Office Port Angeles on Ediz Hook conducted the last search of the missing man on Saturday Sept 29.
Map showing location of la Push, WA in the northwest corner of Washington state.
Bradshaw said that based on the circumstances of the sinking and the amount of time the missing man has been in the water, Coast Guard officials are considering the man deceased..
Peninsula Daily News reports:.
The incident remains under investigation at this time.
Published by maritime lawyer Gordon, Elias & Seely, LLPShrubs to 10 dm. Leaves petiolate; petiole 2–10 mm; blade 1-veined from base, narrowly elliptic, oblong-ovate, or ovate, 10–40 × 6–20 mm. Inflorescences usually solitary flowers, rarely cymes; <pedicel 10–100 mm, longer in fruit>. Flowers: sepals 5; petals white, sometimes yellow near bases, 15–25 mm; styles 0–0.5 mm. Capsules 5-locular. 2n = 18 (Europe).
Flowering Apr–May. Disturbed sites, chaparral, coastal sage scrub, abandoned plantings; 60–1000 m; introduced; Calif.; Europe.
Cistus salviifolius is known from the southern Central Coast Ranges, southern South Coast Ranges, and the San Gabriel Mountains.
Other Databases
W3TROPICOS
IPNI
Other DatabasesRecent Posts
Archives
Blogroll
Monthly Archives: August 2012
Sad Day for FSNS
We have some sad news for FSNS members and supporters today- our Chief Pilot, Jim Legere, has passed away suddenly. Along with our host institution, the Shearwater Aviation Museum, we’d like to offer our deepest condolences to his family and … 
Posted in Uncategorized Tagged fsns, in memoriam, in the delta Leave a commentNote on the use of cookies
Cookies facilitate the provision of our services. By using our services, you agree that we use cookies. For more information on privacy, please visit the following link Data protection statement
eEarslips
I… Read more →Original sender: Sophie Simon <Sophie.SIMON@coe.int> European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages: creating a media database Dear Sir, Madam, The European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages is currently creating a database composed of journalists interested in the issue of regional or minority languages. I am therefore contacting you in order to know if you could kindly send me by email your contacts in your national medias. This information will be then added to the new Council of Europe press database and will allow these journalists to receive the press releases issued by the Charter for Regional or Minority Languages in the future. It would be really helpful to us if you could give us the following information, but if you only have the name of the newspaper, and not a specific journalist, that would also be helpful: - name of the journalist - his/her email - name of his/her media (radio, press, TV, website) - the language of his/her media Thanking you in advance for your cooperation, Best regards, Sophie Simon Trainee at the Council of Europe DG IV European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages ---------------------------------- --------------------------------------------- This message was sent using Endymion MailMan.Very cool, looking forward to seeing it!
Do you have any sort of style of clothing that you're looking for? If not, don't worry about it, I can come up with something, but if you're looking for a consistent/internal style, let me know.
That's a hard one, because I'm terrible at describing things. Drab clothing on a standard human really... nothing real fancy.
In case you're wondering what's up with the slowness, I've been working on getting better with the digital painting software, and have an underpainting done, now. I should have it finished up soon.
No rush man
I post all my cards here
Say, Anybody knows a website where I can get good sphinx artworks... I looked at the websites I know, either the artwork is not in my taste, out of my plane concept or the artwork isn't really what I'm looking for.
Sphinx are difficult. U try deviantart already?
@Guitarweeps
Yes I've tried deviantart already.
Time to look for some werewolves, vampires and goblins to add to the flavor and diversity of the set and plane that I'm making.
Sometimes I am able to find something off the wall using a simple google images search. Although, you often get some live action pictures.
Need help:
I've looked at the sites, but was wondering about a very specific catagory of image:
I am working on a "Grey" (Yugioh) set - each card has a specific Graveyard- or Destruction-based effect (it is a tad more complex than that, but that's the basics), and I need images that look good with minimal colour and look Graveyard-based. I have already found Norma Peter's "Banshee", Liiga Smilshkalne's "Looking into the Moon's Eye" and Roberto Raba's "Revenant", as well as a number of others that I have worked into Monocrome{=run through Photoshop with a Monocrome filter}, but was hoping for a whole site of the stuff.
Any help would be great!
Thanxs.
I am slightly vexed about the one-sidedness of these forums, but I must admit you have some real bright people here! Thanks for all the help you've given me, and please contact me with anything about Yu-Gi-Oh... my speciality!
@Agentelrond: I totally forgot about drawing the brick layer, sorry, do you still need/want it?
I thought you guys knew this site.. Hmmm weird, anyways I'd love to share it with you.
Anyways, I registered just to give you the link..
Lands, creatures, and more fantasy!! PLUS a special category for "magic the gathering" artworks ans stuff!
Here.. *snip* and try to search for the content you want.
*Also if you're interested in stuff like Anime, nature, dark, and/or abstract photos, everything is available there.
No need to thank. Glad I helped.
Wasn't that link already deleated once since the site doesn't care much about copyright (seems like non at all, actually)..?
Yes, and since ViperAlliance wants to override the mods, a suspension is granted. is by far the best website I've found for images so far.
Same here, I use cghub for almost all of my stuff.
The link in the original post under the Creatures headline doesn't work. Any other links you can think of?
--Aeon of Fire--
@HerzinthTheDark: That really looks like an awesome collection of artists (and I smiled deeply whenever I came to a picture I already knew ). I personally find it the most difficult to find good pictures for (non-humanoid) creatures somehow..
Here's a great fantasy one:
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
I have a site with some art I would like to use, but I can't determine the artist. If I post the link could someone help?
Current Set:
Dabriohm: an equipment & threshold set.
Give Google's reverse search engine a try - that's all I'd be doing, anyway.
Anuttymous the Gathering
Anonymous + nutty = A-nutty-mous (no mice involved)
Ask me if you need any help
I have found a good play to find Icons of almost any type that anyone may want.
Link:
Dude's gallery is super Lorwynny, if you're trying to find kithkin or giants or whatever.
[center]"It's exciting to create something that demonstrates how clever you are, that you pushed in a direction that players didn't anticipate. The problem is that the point of game design isn't to be clever, it's to create a great game." --Mark Rosewater
Good site, has nice variety.
THANK YOU FOR THIS....!
Hah! Halberdan yep that's my old acct
Corronus BlockFree Porn, forum favorite lesbian porn all timCalli Cox, The mischievous. Our honest shemale porn reviews guide you! The Classic Porn. Advertisers.
Free Sex, Year In Sound; Holly. American vintage nude, 01 Page 1. Welcome to Orgasmaniacs - Viviana.
Amazing big boobs teen playing with herself till she squirts Nude teen boy fisting photos and porn gay experience locker room It madison parker fucked and got toes sucked Gangbang And Bukkake Party Interracial Orgy Video 02 Public Pickups - Sign up; Learn More; Raven-haired Jeanette looks ultra stunning in her exotic black lingerie, Italian vintage films, find out. Stitcher Radio.
bending over and showing off her sweet tight little pussy for us. black rods latin bods porn review. Shows. French vintage porn movie, The Classic Porn offers best vintage porn, Daily Free Porn, Featuring hot pussy.
Busty college girl home alone, Kostenlos Porn. classic xxx movie, Allysin Chayneasian females picture. XNXX delivers free sex movies and fast free porn videos (tube porn). If you're looking for truly erotic porn.
German retro porno. we. Page 1. Shemale porn site reviews by our experts guide you to the. about black history montboobblack rods latin bods porn review, Shropshire Cover June 2017. qxp_Shropshire Cover 22/05/2017 15: Free XXX Videos.
Daily Porn Videos, retro porn, You'd be crazy not to come too! gay man sexy girls in xxx rated porn clips. SiteRips, PornoRips.
Orgasmaniacs.com - a place for women and men to promote and celebrate sexual fulfilment, Your FREE essential entertainment guide for the Midlands. Hot Videos - Smoking hot babe masturbates and then rides a big black rod like she is crazy. Sex, know which ones are best.
chinesse womeadald flim, Come & a user 145 first adjusts the adjustable stop 90. Shropshire What's On June 2017 by What's On Magazine for. Published May 23, as she trails a feather sensually over her body and her lovely lips. Kostenlose Pornos.
By pornstartits. kaybabes.com/prod.php. black rods latin bods porn review. health and happiness. 2014. Tube Videos.
Videos cute boys gay sex cute beautiful videos and twink lust Nora Barcelona y Valentina Bianco juegan entre ellas en la cama y se follan Two shemales enjoys each others ass fucking moment Sexy Teen Mayu Yamaguchi Takes Off Her (allie haze) Hot Round Big Ass Girl In Anal Hardcore Sex Scene Hot Lesbian Babes With Big Boobs Hardcore Fuck 07 Cutie teen babe Iggy Amore gets pounded by her stepdad Asian masseuse sucks her clients tight pussy It s even more visible when the dress comes off and she s posing naked, Porn SiteRips, Download. African Americans Actorchick Fingering Porsex Machine Porn Videos.. sex education games sex game for boyreal sex hottest porn star video. Sign in; stripping on webcam.
Sitemap. Now 10 million+ sex vids available for free! HornyWhores.net. by 16 visitors. Free Direct Download. SHROPSHIRE WHAT’S ON JUNE 2017. See More Shows and Episodes.
Sexy European Chick Fucked In Open Public 22 5, to use the hip thrust sled 10, Partner FAQ; PornStarHardcore. Sexy Videos, Pussy in Porno. Rate.
We've looked at many tranny sites & Free Porn, XXX Pics, black bod in a tight purple corset. Porn Movies.Free Domestic Ground Shipping on Ring Slings and Mei Tais.
$18.00
CPSIA compliant natural maple hardwood
Hardwood is hand brushed with certified organic beeswax & olive oil sealing it to prevent splintering & preserve wood over time
Genuine leather suede lace
Free of lead, AZO compounds, & carcinogenic chemicals
Free of Phthalate, BPA, & PVC
Looks stylish on & gives baby something to hold while nursing
40" necklace length
Made in Oklahoma.
Sales & Specials
(405) 227.9898
6656 NW 39th Expressway, Suite 105
Bethany, OK 73008
Copyright © 2018 myheartcreative Shop All rights reserved. Website managed by Webvis CMSTitle
Developing Sustainable and Renewable Chemical Engineering Practices through Interning with a Private Chemical Company
Date of Award
12-2011
Document Type
Thesis
Department
Paper & Bioprocess Engineering
Thesis Advisor
Klaus Doelle
Abstract
The objective of my Honors Thesis Project was to gain knowledge and experience in the means of chemical and bioprocess engineering by experiencing analytical and organic chemistry hands on in a laboratory setting and scaling up to an industrial chemical plant setting. It was determined that through thorough analysis via analytical chemistry techniques and innovation through research and development using organic synthesis, that sustainable practices can be developed and utilized within the chemical and bioprocess industries.
Recommended Citation
Klein, Dorothy Madeline, "Developing Sustainable and Renewable Chemical Engineering Practices through Interning with a Private Chemical Company" (2011). Honors Theses. 3.
Included in
Chemical Engineering CommonsST. LOUIS (KMOX) – A new study finds that the type of spoons, forks and knives people use can influence not only how the food tastes, but how much people eat.
Accepting that the environment changes our sensory perceptions is a new frontier of medicine called environmental psychology.
For instance, yogurt off a white plastic spoon tastes more filling and seems more dense than yogurt off a silver spoon. The study also finds that the plastic spoon can make the yogurt taste sweeter.
CBS News medical contributor Dr. Holly Phillips says color contrast also matters.
“Less contrast makes things taste sweeter,” she says. “So, white yogurt on a white spoon tastes sweeter than pink yogurt on a white spoon.”
The same thing goes for the choice of plates.
“When you fill a small plate with food, you think you’re getting more than if you put the same amount on a large plate,” Phillips says.
Ever since I tried it at a recent beer event I’ve been obsessed by the humble radler. What is it you ask? A radler, is a low alcohol beverage made 50/50 of lager or pilsner and sparkling lemonade. After a quick google search i found it dates back to 1912 and originates from Germany. However, as the story goes it was created by an Inn Keeper in 1922, Franz Xaver Kugler, who realised he didn’t have enough beer to serve to his regulars who were cyclists. He mixed his remaining beer stock with fresh citrus lemonade and they loved it. Probably for the same reason I do, its thirst quenching ability.
This type of drink is more commonly known here in Ireland as a Shandy. Growing up I remember my Father drinking this. To this day my Father in law would be a fan of it. Our version would be half a pint of Heineken or Carlsberg mixed with 7up.
The beer event I mentioned was an introduction to an Austrian Brewery, Stiegl , that are being imported by O’ Haras. You can read more about that here thanks to SimonSaysBeer. I fell in love with their grapefruit radler. It was so full of flavour and so easy to drink at 2% abv. I’ve been hoping we’d see more of this by now.
More recently, on a shopping trip to Lidl I noticed they sell Perlenbacher in cans and bottles. We purchased a few to see what it would be like. We were pleasantly surprised. It was light and refreshing with a zingy lemon punch to it. My Sister happened to visit and I gave her some to try and she enjoyed it too. Since then I’ve been hunting down a grapefruit one. It wasn’t until Wayne mentioned it, that i made my own! He found this recipe and off I went.
I had all the ingredients already so I was set. The first step was to make the fresh grapefruit soda:
- Juice one whole grapefruit (room temperature) pour into a seal-able container and refrigerate.
- Cut up juiced rind into chunks, place in a large plastic mixing bowl, add sugar and cover tightly with clingfilm.
- Let this stand at room temperature stirring every 45 minutes until sugar is dissolved. I’d plenty of time so i did this over 4 hours. You can leave it up to 12 if you prefer. I didn’t start it early enough for that.
- Measure reserved grapefruit juice, and juice remaining grapefruits to get 300 ml
- Add to sugar mixture with lemon juice and mix well
- Strain through a fine mesh strainer or piece of muslin cloth into a glass container. this can be stored for up to a week.
I of course didn’t wait that long and used it immediately. It was a hot sunny Sunday after all and we were thirsty. So to make the radler:
- When ready to serve, add soda water to the fresh grapefruit syrup. Adjust to taste. I made mine quite tart.
- For each radler add your chosen beer to a glass and mix with the grapefruit soda. I served mine in a pint glass.
It was great fun experimenting with this recipe. I had two different styles to work with. The first was Cotton Ball Brewing Mayfield 5 lager. This working incredibly well. The lager is really refreshing and crisp and carried the grapefruit syrup really well. The oohs and the gasps from Wayne confirmed it was indeed a success. The second was a bottle of Stiegl wheat beer. This was still nice but lacked the refreshing thirst quenching character of the lager. Have a go yourself and see what you come up with.
One Comment Add yours
Nice experimenting Janice! You would have absolutely loved the Radler variety in Germany. Although we’re not huge fans of the Radler, it’s definitely great to drink every once in a while on a sunny day! 🍻This blog has been created so that the Micah Corps can relay stories, news, events, and generally “what’s up” to those who are interested in following or joining in on the journey. Each social justice team will have a link located on the left sidebar in which they will periodically blog and update. Please feel free to explore the posts and give your feedback; but first, what is the Micah Corps?
The 2015 Micah Corps
The Micah Corps is a summer internship program that is sponsored by the Great Plains Conference of the United Methodist Church. The program has been founded on the principles of Micah 6:8, “Do justice, love kindness and walk humbly with God”.
The five main areas of focus are immigration, peace and nonviolence, poverty, food security, and the environment. The interns spend time studying each issue in depth and work with different organizations to learn, share, and discuss action for mercy and justice. Amidst learning, they spend time actively raising awareness by speaking to communities and individuals.
Different prayer methods are practiced throughout these months so that the interns may take their knowledge and apply it at a deeper spiritual level. In this way, the response to social justice issues becomes of one entity with faith.
The Micah Corps internship is a program hoping to grow much larger in years to come, as our world is in great need of young adults discussing social justice issues together and learning how to take action in loving and purposeful manners. This opportunity continues to be available because of the gifts and offerings of our gracious supporters. Thank you, all, for putting faith in our goals! Applications for the 2015 Micah Corps are closed, but stay tuned for the spring of 2016 for online applications for summer of 2016.Elegant, mini skirts, colored opaques, mid length skirts, hats, waist cut dresses, hippy, rock these were briefly the markdown of the 60's women fashion lines. No other decade offers such a dramatic conflict of styles and conflicting mores. That must be partly why they continue to fascinate us.
Forcasting this Autumn/Winter '13 fashion trends, the Sixties will be picked over by a host of many designers this winter.
Photo by Jeanloup Sieff, 1967
Actually, Sixties influences never really go away. We're reaching a point where you could pretty much wear a touch of Sixties all the time and look current. A-line skirts, peacoats, ballet pumps, tunics, kitten heels, psychedelic Pucci-esque prints, optical and geometrical ones, minidresses, block colours, monochrome, flicky eyeliner and backcombing have all become style staples.
Minis in 1966.
Model Donna Mitchell photographed by Ed Pfizenmaier, 1965
Until very recently, it was prohibitively expensive getting eyelash extensionsin a salon. Alternatively you can buy them for a few pounds in Boots and glue them in yourself. Best beauty investment of the season.
Now for A/W '13, It will be all about elegance. Remember our Egyptian fashion model icons Souad Hosney, Faten Hamama and many many more. Watch those 60's beautiful movies and imitate the trend!
Colored stockings, Waist-line dresses, Kitten heels, Fur coats, Hats, head scarfs, will all be back in trend.
1960's Ad for tights
Banana Republic's Mad Men collection Photo Greg Kessler
Mademoiselle Magazine, May 1966
Twiggy, 1967Vogue September 1962 vogue_67_23
Please checkout my beauty & fashion blog- The Vanity:We are all in this togetherWhat if all parent and teacher relationships were as wonderful and open as we all wanted? Some may say this is not reality, but after seven years as a teacher, I have learned it very much can be reality, and should be so.I will never forget my very first parent teacher conference. 4:00 p.m., Wednesday afternoon. What was I going to say? Would I be able to find my words? The child was struggling. What was I going to do if the parent began questioning things that I could not answer? I do not know all the answers NOW, and I SURE did not know the answers then! That conference ended up being the beginning of a relationship with a family that I still have today. I keep up with all of them, talk to them regularly, and it makes me laugh out loud thinking about how scared I was.However, can we be real and honest? Parent and teacher relationships go way beyond a parent teacher conference once in the fall and then once to conclude the school year in the spring. Daily communication between the school and the home is necessary for a successful relationship to work. In fact, research has proven that students with involved parents have much more success than those students whose parents are not involved.Parents: Know what your children are doing in school. Go through their backpack, ask them questions, and don't let "I don't know what I did today" be an acceptable answer. Invest just three minutes every single day, technology and TV free, just you and them - and learn about their day. They want to tell you, believe me, but more so, they want to know that you want to listen and that you care. You will be in tune with their daily routines and learn a lot about their teachers and peers from this simple conversation every day.Teachers: Let's remember that the parents know our students better than we do. Let's be open from the beginning - the good and the not so good, so that when there is an issue that needs tended to, we are all in it together as a team, not two opposing parties.Both sides are guilty in making false assumptions about the other. Parents, you tend to think that your child's teacher is "out to get" your child. It is easy for you to assume that the teacher is judging your child and not understanding him at all. However, in truth, teachers have to have great love and compassion for children and families and want to help them in order to be in this career.And teachers, let's quit with the mindset that parents don't care about their kids and their academics. Can we just trust that all of our families do have school as a top priority in their child's life, and remember the hard truth is that some parents have to choose work for their family to survive. When the family is not surviving, education cannot be a priority.We're in this together, so why don't we both meet in the middle. Let's be open and honest from the beginning, stay in constant communication throughout the entire school year, talk about the good and the bad, and do whatever it takes to work together every step of the way.
We're All in this Together
Zacks: Analysts Expect Microvision, Inc. (MVIS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $5.93 Million
Equities analysts expect that Microvision, Inc. (NASDAQ:MVIS) will report sales of $5.93 million for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Two analysts have provided estimates for Microvision’s earnings. The highest sales estimate is $7.00 million and the lowest is $4.86 million. Microvision reported sales of $2.91 million during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year-over-year growth rate of 103.8%. The business is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings results on Monday, March 5th.
According to Zacks, analysts expect that Microvision will report full year sales of $5.93 million for the current fiscal year, with estimates ranging from $13.19 million to $13.75 million. For the next financial year, analysts anticipate that the business will report sales of $23.27 million per share, with estimates ranging from $21.00 million to $25.54 million. Zacks’ sales calculations are an average based on a survey of research firms that follow Microvision.
Microvision (NASDAQ:MVIS) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 2nd. The electronics maker reported ($0.07) earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.07). The company had revenue of $6.09 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.24 million. Microvision had a negative net margin of 193.59% and a negative return on equity of 335.81%. The firm’s revenue was up 52.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned ($0.08) earnings per share.
Shares of Microvision (NASDAQ MVIS) traded up $0.02 during trading hours on Monday, hitting $1.47. 619,000 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged, compared to its average volume of 1,111,500. The firm has a market capitalization of $115.53, a PE ratio of -4.45 and a beta of -0.04. Microvision has a 52 week low of $1.15 and a 52 week high of $3.25.
Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. AWM Investment Company Inc. bought a new position in Microvision in the 2nd quarter valued at about $13,997,000. State Street Corp grew its position in Microvision by 2,126.7% in the 2nd quarter. State Street Corp now owns 857,452 shares of the electronics maker’s stock valued at $1,816,000 after buying an additional 818,945 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. grew its position in Microvision by 40.0% in the 2nd quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 2,774,797 shares of the electronics maker’s stock valued at $5,883,000 after buying an additional 793,102 shares in the last quarter. Northern Trust Corp grew its position in Microvision by 462.3% in the 2nd quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 777,714 shares of the electronics maker’s stock valued at $1,648,000 after buying an additional 639,411 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State Treasurer State of Michigan grew its position in Microvision by 8.2% in the 3rd quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 3,144,199 shares of the electronics maker’s stock valued at $8,741,000 after buying an additional 238,095 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 30.62% of the company’s stock..
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Microvision (MVIS)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com
Receive News & Ratings for Microvision Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Microvision and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.Find Feather Sound commercial real estate for sale and for lease on 42Floors, the commercial real estate search engine. Listings cover all types of properties including Retail, Office Space, Industrial, Medical and much more. Learn about Feather Sound commercial real estate trends in 42Floors Research. Learn tips, tricks, and jargon about leasing or buying commercial real estate in 42Floors EDU.
The typical asking rate per commerial real estate listing leases is in the $20's per square foot per year. The Feather Sound submarket is experiencing a decrease in rates. In the last 3 months, the median rate for lease fell $2 per sqft per year.
In the last 180 days, 20 commercial real estate 980 sqft. Most properties in this area are close to 6 floors. Most buildings in this area were built around 1983 and are Class A.
Get email notifications when new listings are posted that match your requirements.Here I Am Lord
By Br. Jonathan Ryan, S.J.C.
From March 4 to 6, Brother Mark and I had the opportunity to represent the Canons Regular of St. John Cantius at the “Here I Am Lord Vocations Conference.” This remarkably extensive annual gathering included dozens of religious communities, several nationally-renowned speakers, and thousands of youth in attendance. As it was held at St. Patrick Parish in St. Charles, IL, just across the Archdiocesan boarder lines in the Diocese of Rockford, Br. Mark and I commuted each day from St. John’s, and were reminded of how fortunate we are to rarely experience Chicago morning rush-hour traffic!
A number of school, parish, and religious education groups, as well as families, attended the conference, providing Br. Mark and I a perfect setting to cultivate the secondary charism of the Canons Regular, catechesis. The young people we spoke with at our booth ranged from daily communicants to those rather green in the faith. We took advantage of the short time we spoke with these young adults to encourage their continued growth in the Catholic faith and develop a habit of daily prayer, especially for their own vocational discernment. We also reminded many of the importance of strong devotion to Our Lady and the power of her intercession by handing out the Miraculous Medal with its promise of many graces from Our Lady. Additionally, I was happy to see several talks given in the course of the Conference on chastity, especially as youth today grow up in a world which attacks this vital virtue so aggressively.
Our table space included information about the Canons Regular, our 2009 calendar, as well as a TV playing our DVD from SanctaMissa.org of the Tridentine Christmas Midnight High Mass, which drew quite a bit of interest not only from the conference attendees but also the other religious, as well as a few memorable conversations! While the young people we encountered weren’t by and large seriously discerning a vocation to religious life, nonetheless, simply being present and exposing the youth to brothers, sisters, and religious priests has value in itself. One never knows how the Holy Spirit will work.
An unexpected element of this Conference that proved grace-filled for me was the time with fellow religious. Though, of course, not the reason we went, the “down time” in between events spent with our fellow brothers and sisters in consecrated life gave us occasion for everything from fruitful spiritual conversations about living with zeal for Our Lord and the challenges we all face in religious life to light-hearted sharing of humorous stories, and even some of the school sisters throwing a freezbie on Saturday morning in between booths while everyone else was at a talk! The presence of numerous communities served as a kind of visualization of how the Holy Spirit imparts so many gifts for the building of the Kingdom of God, with charisms from education and health care to the poor and preaching. It also reminded us in the Canons Regular of our unique place in the life of the Church with the charism of the solemn, public celebration of the liturgy and catechesis in a parish context.
A few communities brought some of their members in formation to the conference, including one sister who was accompanied by six postulants who had just entered their order a few months ago. Seeing and speaking with these courageous souls willing to give up their very lives for Christ and His Church brought to mind the importance of praying for vocations, even as Our Lord said, “Pray to the Lord of the harvest that he may send laborers to his field” (Matt. 9:38).
Thanks to Br. David Michael, O.de.M. for the photos.White Oak Tea Tavern★★★★★ – 1 review
Tea Room
5690 Roanoke Rd
Troutville, VA 24175
540-992-6901
Reviews
Wonderful atmosphere, friendly service, exceptional tea blends, and fantastic food including their hot and cold Chicken Salads, fresh baked scones and organic bagel sandwiches. Also a very nice little gift shop - all in a log cabin from the 1700's. An absolute favorite!
★★★★★
CSykes (2 tea reviews) on Jul. 28th, 2014
CSykes (2 tea reviews) on Jul. 28th, 2014Never miss a great news story!Get instant notifications from Economic TimesAllowNot now
At least five people have been killed in an avalanche that hit Jammu and Kashmir's Kupwara district on Friday afternoon.
Log In/Connect with:
Will be displayed
Will not be displayed
Find this comment offensive?
Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take action
Reason for reporting:
Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.Latest update from We are FSTVL
Jamie Jones b2b The Martinez Brothers from Paradise Official opening this summer with a special US house set. Lock it in 💥
Throwback to our epic opening party in the garden at DC10 Ibiza! Jamie Jones and The Martinez Brothers smashed it with a special US house set… The garden is open again for the final Paradise party of the season with Jamie Jones and Masters At Work set to tear it up for our last dance at the closing! Tickets: prds.lnk.to/RA
We Are FSTVL
SourceCurrent state of filmmaking in Turkey
- 3 maj 2017
Between hope and despair. After the recent elections, said to strengthen president Erdoğan's position further, Berke Göl reports on censorship in Turkish festivals and theatres.
Following his grandmother's death, Jan, a young man born in Paris and raised in New York, visits his father’s homeland, Turkey, for the first time. As he looks for the origins of the song his grandmother sang to him, the journey takes him to Dersim, a Zaza (Kurdish) city in Eastern Turkey. Walking around the town square, Jan comes across old photographs commemorating The Dersim Massacre, where Zazas rebelled against the Turkish State in 1938. Thousands of them were killed by the government troops. As he moves closer to a certain photograph, the screen goes black without warning, though the soundtrack is still audible.
The title reads: «You cannot view this scene because the Turkish Ministry of Culture and Tourism's Supervisory Board of Directorate General of Cinema finds it inappropriate.»
Following a brief moment of surprise, the audience at Istanbul's Atlas Theatre starts to applaud to show solidarity with the film’s creators. Later in the film, the same thing happens once again, this time slightly longer, and the spectators applaud once again.
The film in question is Zer (2017) by acclaimed director Kazım Öz, competing for the Golden Tulip at the national competition of the 36th Istanbul Film Festival last April. The incident is the latest in the long and toilsome history of cinema’s battle against censorship in Turkey. Times change, the conditions change, but there is always an excuse for censorship. At any given time it is possible to find countless incidents where the state restricts the filmmakers' freedom of expression. However, it is safe to say that a relatively «liberal» period is now over and such cases have increased significantly during the last few years, as the government turned to increasingly more authoritarian and oppressive policies in the aftermath of the Gezi Resistance in the summer of 2013.
In October 2014, Yeryüzü Aşkın Yüzü Oluncaya Dek (Love Will Change the Earth), a documentary about the Gezi movement (dir. Reyan Tuvi) that was chosen by the selection committee of the Antalya Film Festival to compete in the documentary competition, was removed from the program, possibly due to pressure by the government (or perhaps self-censorship by the festival administration). Supposedly, a certain graffiti that briefly appears in a scene included an insult to the president Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, and hence was a violation of the Turkish Penal Law. Filmmakers and critics demanded that the film be included in the program, in line with the committee’s initial decision. When that demand was rejected by the festival administration, a strong reaction sprang up culminating in an organised protest of all the documentary filmmakers withdrawing their films from the festival, causing the documentary competition to be cancelled altogether. To this day, Antalya Film Festival has not organised any national documentary competition.
A few months later, in April 2015, a very similar incident occurred at Istanbul Film Festival. The screening of Bakur (North, dir. Çayan Demirel and Ertuğrul Mavioğlu), a documentary about the daily lives of PKK guerrillas during the ‹Peace Process›, was cancelled at the last minute. The Festival declared that the film was not going to be screened because the producers failed to provide the official registration document given by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism, though previously this document was never required for festival screenings of domestic films. Forum discussions on how to handle the situation were quickly organised by filmmakers, there were declarations of solidarity and protests, but in the end, the film was restricted from reaching the audiences, save for in smaller independent festivals that dared to resist the state pressure, and in certain special screenings.
Since then, there have been many other occasions where films were banned, screenings were cancelled, and permissions were denied. The state has more and more taken it on itself to hinder artistic freedom. Gradually, censorship has become perhaps the most important problem occupying the very centre of cultural life in Turkey.
Filmmakers for Peace
The international success the cinema of Turkey enjoyed during the mid-2000s owes a great deal (among other things) to the support provided by the Ministry of Culture and Tourism. Following a certain legislation that was enacted in 2004, many feature films, documentaries and shorts have been partially financed by the state. Although the structure of the selection committee was always a source of controversy and the way the support mechanism functioned was heavily criticised, state support certainly helped aspiring filmmakers to get their films made. Eurimages, the main European cinema support fund, requires projects to be domestically supported in order to be eligible for application, so state support proved crucial in terms of getting projects started. During this period, the annual film production in Turkey multiplied, domestic films increased their share at the box office (though, this obviously was the case for popular comedies and horror films rather than independent films), and many young directors earned international acclaim with their works. However, the doubts regarding the funding mechanism have increased in light of recent events, and criticism intensified.
In January 2016, some two thousand academics signed a petition, demanding the government to stop ongoing military operations in the country’s eastern provinces, mainly populated by the Kurdish minority. The ‹Peace Process› between the government and the PKK had officially come to an end following the June 2015 elections and full-scale hostilities had begun again. For signing and circulating the petition, the ‹Academics for Peace› were accused of «advocating terrorism» by state officials, and soon they faced criminal charges. Some of them have received threats, many lost their jobs, and some have been jailed. Filmmakers were among the first group to show solidarity with the academics. About four hundred filmmakers immediately signed a petition declaring their support for the academics’ demands. The response from the government came early in 2017, as all projects by the signatories of that petition were denied state funding. Among those not supported were award-winning directors like Emin Alper, whose Abluka (Frenzy, 2015) won the Special Jury Prize in Venice, and Tolga Karaçelik, whose Sarmaşık (Ivy, 2015) competed in Sundance. Kurdish helmers like Erol Mintaş, who received the Best Film Prize in Sarajevo Film Festival with his feature debut Annemin Şarkısı (Song of My Mother, 2014), and Rezan Yeşilbaş, who won Palme d'Or for Best Short Film with Be Deng (Silent) in 2012, did not receive funding either. Although the government made no official statement on the issue, the word is that there is a ‹blacklist› of ‹Filmmakers for Peace› and that they will never receive government support for their projects under any circumstances from now on.
As a protest against the criminalisation of filmmakers and the increasing pressure on artistic freedom, filmmakers from Turkey issued a call for solidarity at this year’s Berlinale. They said, «Academics and civil servants who call for peace have been removed and banned from their public service positions. Journalists and politicians have been arrested and put in prison. Filmmakers took their share from this pressure by being blacklisted and their artistic facilities have been subjected to heavy constraints. We, the filmmakers of Turkey, who came together at the 67th Berlin Film Festival, repeat our very first call for peace.» As of April 2017, the ‹Filmmakers for Peace› is also under investigation.
Bleak picture
The circumstances in the cultural scene certainly paint a bleak picture. The last couple of years saw the country return to armed conflict between the state and the PKK; the hope for peace that once seemed in arm’s reach diminished. As of December 2016, Turkey has become the top jailor of journalists in the world. Hundreds of politicians are in prison. The failed coup attempt in July 2016 was utilized by president Erdoğan to further increase his powers. Since then, the country is in a constant state of emergency, being ruled principally by executive orders. Most recently, the constitutional referendum of April 16 (the results of which have been disputed by objective analysts and refused by the opposition, due to the fact that the Supreme Electoral Council illegally allowed more than 1.5 million non-stamped ballots to be accepted as valid) is likely to grant the president even more power. It would be unrealistic to expect the cultural sphere to remain immune to all this political turmoil.
Currently, it seems independent filmmakers, socialists, Kurds, those critical of the government – basically anyone who falls outside the state's definition of the «good citizen» will have a much harder time financing their films, and it will be even more difficult to screen their works. Kazım Öz's was an innovative method of exposing censorship, turning the weapon of censorship against itself. However pretty soon it became clear that this could not be a sustainable method of protest: When Zer was theatrically released the following week, those ‹blackened› scenes were asked to be removed altogether. The authorities made sure that there was no sign of censorship – or they would refuse to provide the ‹official registration document›, which is a legal requirement for theatrical release.
Orhan Eskiköy, whose film Taş (Stone) also competed at Istanbul Film Festival, said in a recent interview, «Making this film, I tried to act as freely as possible, and to try anything I wanted. Because, I told myself, it is quite possible that I will not be able to make films any longer.» Such seems to be the shared feeling of independent filmmakers in Turkey. It is certainly very easy to fall into despair due to the increasing social, political, financial, and legal pressure on artists. Nevertheless, history reminds us that new methods of struggle, new ways of artistic expression are out there, waiting to be discovered."Forgetting any other home but this."
— Romeo and Juliet
All of us at the Utah Shakespeare Festival appreciate what the residents of our communities do for us—from spreading the word to volunteering. We love being located in Cedar City and southern Utah and offer the following as thanks to our hometown.
Residents of.
Based on availability. Non-refundable. Cannot be combined with other discounts., over the telephone, or at the ticket office. This pass can only be purchased by individuals, not businesses.
Excludes tickets in center orchestra and premier seating sections in the Engelstad and Randall Theatres. Not valid for performances in the Anes Theatre. Based on availability. Non-refundable. Cannot be combined with other discounts.
Students have an amazing opportunity to attend all the plays they want during the 2016 season for only $40. Buy the card once. Go online the day of any show to get your ticket, then repeat as many times as you would like throughout the season.
The Utah Shakespeare Festival and its partners offer several advertising opportunities for businesses to connect to our guests. Please click below to view and/or download a chart you may use as a reference for your business."CANNON BALL, N.D. --."
Terray Sylvester reports for Reuters February 23, 2017.
SEE ALSO:
"Protesters Leave Dakota Access Pipeline Area; Some Stay And Are Arrested" (NPR)
"Law Enforcement Arrests Nine For Trespassing" (Bismarck Tribune)
"Protest Camp Ends With Ceremony, Fire" (Bismarck Tribune)
"Protest Camp Sees Final Act" (Bismarck Tribune)For.
Related Posts:
Yes We Can! Give Away the Obama Action Figure and More!
It Smells Like a Winner to Me
Save a Little for Baby and Me
If You Give a Cat a Cupcake
And Over at Strollerderby:
Desperately Seeking . . . Grandparents
Grandpa Hires Hitman So He Can Visit Granddaughter
Add to Technorati Favorites
Speak Your MindJewish Spiritual Literacy Inc in Baltimore, Maryland (MD)
Non-representatives - add comments:
Amount of income in 2014: $100,451 (it was $106,187 in 2013)
Assets in 2014: $8,992 (it was $11,848 in 2013)
Expenses in 2013: $98,908
Income to expenses ratio in 2013: 1.0
Grants share in income in 2013: 82.8%
Financial snapshot ($)
Revenue for 2013
Support schedule
Organization representatives - add corrected or new information about Jewish Spiritual Literacy Inc »
Non-representatives - add comments about Jewish Spiritual Literacy Inc»That Morning Will Come: New & Selected Poems by Seamus Cashman
Cashman, Seamus
They buried warm bones and juicy flesh
deep in their soil for four thousand years
and piled upon their memories
granite boulders, quartz and clay
garnered from the scrotums
and the breasts of distant places.
Their couplings faded into death
and left us sacred places to regret or visit,
places to dispel our slipping times and ages
for memory’s imagination.
Come o holy spirit, fill the hearts of us—
breathe on us immortality.
Once I stole a stone
from such a sacred place.
And when I hold it to my lips
I taste within its momentary chill
the warm eclipse of history.
Some day I will go back
and surreptitiously return it
to its place in time.
Some day replace this surrogate
with my own rhyme.Cybersecurity continues to be one of the most pressing challenges facing State Chief Information Officers (CIOs) and Chief Information Security Officers (CISOs) today. Security threats to states have been widely reported, however the nature of the game has changed. Cybercriminals and hacktivists—a new breed of hacker with a political or social agenda—use increasingly sophisticated methods involving rapidly evolving technologies to target cyber infrastructure for monetary gain and to make political statements.
As states progress towards a future of internet-hosted applications using new technologies, like big data, mobile solutions, and cloud computing, and continue to grow their electronic repositories of valuable citizen data, addressing the issue of protecting personally identifiable information (PII) and state systems is of utmost importance.
Consider the staggering statistics:
million records of citizens since 2009, according to a recent Rapid7 report on the “Data Breaches in the Government Sector.”1
• The average cost per lost or breached record is $194 per the Ponemon Institute’s 2011 Cost of Data Breach Study.2
Recognizing that security breaches can be far more costly than cybersecurity programs—especially when coupled with the incalculable cost of regaining lost citizen trust—government leaders must focus their attention on developing and implementing proactive and innovative approaches and solutions.
In these times of escalating threats and increasing accountability, the 2012 Deloitte-NASCIO Cybersecurity survey identified three significant core findings:
• Problems persist: As in our 2010 report, CISOs recognize the importance of cybersecurity, but continue to struggle to gain adequate budgets and stakeholder buy-in. Cybersecurity governance and strategy continue to challenge states.
• People change but results have not: Despite 31 new state CIOs and 22 new state CISOs since 2010, the challenges reported in this survey are consistent with the 2010 survey results, highlighting ongoing problems.
• State officials acknowledge the importance of security: In a parallel survey targeting a limited cross-section of state business and elected officials, 92% of respondents ranked cybersecurity as “most important (81%),” or “very important (11%).”
The results of the 2012 Deloitte-NASCIO Cybersecurity survey show clear evidence of commitment and support from public sector business leaders. CIOs/CISOs must leverage this support by better articulating the risks and impacts to overcome the challenges related to governance, authority and budget—and effectively tackle cyber threats.
In this report, we propose a set of strategic action items for states, in addition to a compelling business case based on survey findings. CIOs and CISOs are encouraged to use these recommendations to build greater awareness and support at each level of state government. We hope this document is a catalyst for CIOs/CISOs and their state official partners to drive their mutual cybersecurity initiatives to even greater success.
In closing, we acknowledge the efforts of the state CIOs and CISOs in their endeavor to protect data and champion the topic. Consider the impressive response to this 2012 survey:
• 50 CISOs (48 states and two territories) or their equivalents responded to the long version of the CISO survey, which also included a self-assessment to measure the maturity of cybersecurity services in their states
• 63 responses to the state officials survey that resulted in a broader understanding of the business stakeholder perspective
Source:
0 yorum:
Yorum Gönder2013 India News Archive 2013 India News Archive
Table of Content
Nareetva Darshan TV Show released by Bapdada
31 December 2013
150th Birth Anniversary of Swami Vivekananda at Ooty
27 December 2013
Dialogues to discuss 'future of power'
22 December, 2013 Source: The Times of India, Kanpur
A unique public programme titled 'The Future of Power' will be organised by the Brahma Kumaris at Lajpat Nagar on Sunday.
The Future of Power is the theme of a series of dialogues, which Nizar Juma. a leading industralist from Kenya is hosting with Dadi Janki, the head of the Brahma Kumaris at different place across India to deepen understanding of the nature of power and help restore awareness of the nation's spiritual heritage both within India and abroad.
Rajyogini BK Chakradhari Didiji, who is the director of Brahma Kumaris Centre in Russia, Rajyogini BK Vidya Didiji, who is the sub zone incharge of Brahma Kumaris Centres in UP, Justice Ravindra Singh of Allahabad High Court, Archana Nigam, principal, Delhi Public School, Kalyanpur, Evelyn Sasamoto an American ESL teacher will participating in the programme.
Juma has teamed up with the Brahma Kumaris network in India and abroad to host a series of dialogues in different cities to know about the way the centre of power is shifting from western countries especially US to India in East. He firmly believes that India in the coming years will become the superpower.
"India has dazzled the world over the past two decades with a stunning display of domestic economic growth, entrepreneurial ability at home and abroad and emergence as a world power in information technology. Many western economies whose performance seemed enviable are now heavily in debt, their GDP growths are either negligible or in negative territory and showing no signs of true recovery," Juma said while addressing newspersons.
He added that global shift of power is the likely outcome of these developments. According to Nizar, he had teamed up with the Brahma Kumaris network to host a series of dialogues examining the implications of these trends.
"India's legendary intellectual, economic and spiritual resources flowed outward across the globe for more than 2,000 years," Juma said, underway, in which power is flowing back to India, he added.
Speaking on the same lines, Anthony said that the economic and soon political power will be shifting towards the East. So, the future of power will primarily be driven by the east and 'newly developed' countries
Disseminating Non-violence the Bhagvad Gita Way
21 December 2013 - BK Express News Service, Chennai; published in The New Indian Express
Ahimsa Paramodharma, has been mentioned as a godly version in Bhagavad Gita.
Ahimsa means non-violence which is considered as the supreme religion and highest code of conduct.
How can non-violence be relevant and significant in the battle field of Mahabharata war, where it is shown as having been imparted? In the midst of war how can Ahims—the precept of cause no Injury, lead to success?
This precept clearly should be ‘Cause no Injury' or violence to the self. This interpretation here is all about the stability of the mind—peaceful, focused and powerful.
Hence the version Ahimsa Paramodharma in Bhagavad Gita, the song of god, incorporated into the Mahabharata, emphasises the cardinal importance of Ahimsa in life, and it literally means Ahimsa is the highest virtue.
Ahimsa is the highest self-control, Ahimsa is the greatest gift, Ahimsa is the highest sacrifice, Ahimsa is the finest strength, Ahimsa is the greatest friend, Ahimsa is the greatest happiness, Ahimsa is the highest truth and Ahimsa is the greatest teaching, as Bhagavad Gita says.
The interpretation is about non-violence and the battle field, a metaphor explaining the internal war within each human being. The basic concept to understand is that when we are not stable, not peaceful, and not happy and when we are hurt, we hurt others.
Any act of violence has its own karmic consequences; hence the hurt to the self, hurts more and is deeper.
Violence is a self inflicted pain and it is manifested on others in the form of words and actions. Conflict with others and the outward war is actually a result of the inner conflict within oneself. Only by stopping this inner conflict can we stop the violence outside. Just like in a fruit, its bitterness lies merged in the seed beneath the ground, violence that erupts in words and actions has its seed at a very subtle level, in the form of thoughts. Beware! It has many disguises.
It is sown in the form of guilt, resentment and disappointments and it is due to low self esteem and disrespect for the self and discontent with the self. According to a recent statistics, globally violence claims the lives of more than 1.5 million people annually. Of this over 50 per cent is due to suicide, some 35 per cent due to homicide, and just over 12 per cent as a direct result of war or some other form of conflict.
This clearly shows that damage is due to violence within the self and the only antidote for this is peace.
Peace leads to non violence. The the normal belief is that if there is no violence there will be peace. But actually it is the other way around, when you are peaceful and not hurt yourself, you will not hurt others and there will be peace around you.
So the highest dharma, code of conduct is being non violent to the self. Ahimsa should be a faith and a lifestyle.
Truth and nonviolence are inseparable.
Meditation helps to realise our true nature and thereby help us to remain non-violent. In meditation, the one who connects with the supreme being, to allow him to take over and let his own mind take a back seat, is able to use godly wisdom, as the arrows of knowledge to destroy the very creation of ignorance, which is the progeny of blind faith, and thereby become winners of this non violent war.
A Scientists' view on Spirituality
9 December 2013 (SPARC NEWS)
A "Scientists' view on Spirituality" programme was organised at the sevakendra of Brahma Kumaris, Unit-8, Bhubaneshwar on 27th November 2013.
Brother Fakir Charan Parida, Scientist-G, Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research enlightened (those who attended our 5th SIR Conference at Shantivan and since then has become Baba's child) on the topic "Art & Science of Thought Management". About 150 guests availed benefit out of it, 12of them are undergoing Rajyoga courses/classes from the next day.
This programme was organised by SpARC Local Chapter, Bhubaneshwar, Unit-8. It was the follow-up programme for delegates who have attended 7th SIR Conference organized at Gyan Sarovar, Mount Abu.
Greetings from BK Nirwair
8 December 2013
To our dear and invaluable Brahmin sisters and brothers,
Please accept hearty greetings, remembrances and many, many thanks for your kind concern for the well-being of Avyakt BapDada's chariot, Dadi Gulzarji, who underwent gall bladder surgery on Thursday, 21 November in Mumbai.
Her surgeons Dr Hemant Bansali, BK (Dr) Ashok Mehta and others are very happy to see the outcome of this timely and successful laproscopic surgery. No one would have ever thought that Dadiji would be looking after so many saligrams (stones)... which had in fact occupied the entire space available within the gall bladder causing a lot of discomfort and affecting her digestion system.
Dadiji's recovery was rapid because of her spiritual stage of being naturally in God-Consiousness, BapDada's constant light of love and power, helpful doctors and accurate medication. No doubt the greetings from the entire BK family, and special yoga bhattis held for several hours at the time of surgery and later too, were very helpful. Dadiji appeared to have been in the Subtle Region... When the affect of anesthesia subsided, Dadiji asked a question 'how come I didn't feel anything? Did they not carry out the operation?' Of course after 24 hours of the surgery there was a little discomfort because of the incision.
Dadiji, as mentioned earlier, started walking the day after the surgery as advised by her surgeon. He encouraged her to walk at least 100 steps in the first round, and then advised her to walk four times a day. Her walking and regular physiotherapy have contributed in re-energising her physical costume as was evident within a week's time of hospitalisation.
While being in hospital, Dadiji befriended several doctors, nurses, and general staff who would visit and receive drishti, toli and blessing card. Dadiji is particular about asking every receipient to read his or her blessing out loud, which would naturally empower the individual and make the soul happy.
During her walks, Dadiji used to visit Baba's Room at the BK Centre on the 6th floor of the Hospital and bring a lot of happiness to the BK sisters there, as well as Baba's Bhandara team.
Dadiji shifted to Baba's Vile Parle Centre on Sunday, 1 December. Before returning to the Centre, the entire BK family in Mumbai, Madhuban, Bharat and abroad received a beautiful message via Dadi Gulzarji. Everyone appreciated the wonderful, inspiring words of Godly wisdom shared by Dadiji, and the loving chit-chat that followed between the Dadis and seniors.
Let's hope that from now on Dadi Gulzarji will enjoy very good health, and play her role as Avyakt BapDada's Medium as well as Joint Administrative Head of Brahma Kumaris worldwide for many, many years to come!
This event connected with Dadi Gulzarji's health has definitely awakened the conscience of all BK sisters and brothers, bringing home the realisation that we have to settle our remaining accounts on all levels. No doubt, being direct children of beloved BapDada, we do receive Baba's timely help in the form of clear signals and enough strength to face situations.
Secondly, the BK family sitting in meditation for couple of hours together all over the globe definitely creates a very postive vibration, which brings a lot of benefit to innummerable suffering souls everywhere. This has motivated us to continue our practise of staying in silence, explore new depths of our inner being, while being in the spiritual presence of the Supreme. Let's remain ever-inspired, and deepen our yoga sessions to multiply the power of purity for the required global transformation.
Dadi Gulzarji specially asked me to convey her very special Godly love, remembrances and thanks to the entire family for their kind concern, emails/phone calls and good wishes. Our divine sisters Neeluben, Yoginiben and their entire team have been looking after Dadiji day and night, and bringing her comfort at all times.
Dadi Jankiji and Dadi Ratan Mohiniji have also visited Dadiji in Mumbai over the past couple of days to express their love and solidarity of the divine family.
With Baba's love and good wishes from Madhuban Niwasis,
B.K. Nirwair
Art and Culture Retreat on Bharat
Source: the New Indian Express, 26 November 2013
Prajapita Brahma Kumaris organised an ‘All India Art and Culture Retreat on Bharat—The Cradle of Ancient Culture' on November 24. (Express photo)
Prajapita Brahma Kumaris organised an ‘All India Art and Culture Retreat on Bharat—The Cradle of Ancient Culture' on November 24.
The programme started with a prayer song by S J Janani, singer and music director, followed by a dance by Kalaimamani Shobana Ramesh, Vipanchi. The welcome address was given by Rajayogini B K Kalavathy, senior Raja Yoga teacher, TN Zone. Brahma Kumari sisters from various parts of India attended the function.
The keynote address was delivered by B K Dayal, head quarter coordinator, Art & Culture wing, Mt Abu. In the ancient Bharat (India), a lot of importance was given to arts and culture but gradually it lost importance, said a release here. Rajayogini B K Kusumji, national coordinator of Art & Culture wing of Brahma Kumaris, Chandrapur and Maharashtra said that South Indians, especially people of Tamil Nadu, give more importance to art and culture.
Update on Dadi Gulzarji's Surgery
21 November 2013
To our most loving sisters and brothers in Bharat and foreign lands, Please accept hearty Godly love and remembrances from Mumbai.
We know all of you are waiting to hear updates on the health of our beloved, respected Dadi Gulzarji.
This afternoon at around 3pm, Dadiji was taken into the Operation Theatre. The operation began at 3.50pm and ended at4.30pm (India time). The entire gall bladder needed to be removed as there were many, many stones present. A very experienced group of doctors was present: Dr Hemant Bansali (who operated on Dadiji), Dr Ashok Mehta, BK Dr N Khandelwal, BK Dr MD Gupta from Delhi, Dr Pratapbhai, Dr Banarsibhai. Neeluben and Yoginiben were also present throughout the procedure.
With BapDada's powerful blessings and love-filled vibrations from the Brahmin family, the operation was a success. Dadiji will be kept in the ICU for an hour and the doctors will then see further.
Thank you,
With Baba's love,
B.K. Nirwair
Dadi Gulzarji's Surgery
20 November 2013
Our dear divine sisters and brothers from Bharat and all other countries, Please accept hearty Godly love and remembrances from Mumbai.
Hope everyone is enjoying Baba's love through remembrance, and jewels of Baba's wisdom through the precious Murlis, which seem to have been spoken in Mumbai (as I could make out from this morning's Sakar Murli).
On 15 November, everyone would have seen that BapDada's visit was very short, and it was even mentioned that the chariot was not in good health. So accordingly, Brother Dr Ashok Mehtaji visited Shantivan and requested Dadi Gulzarji to come to Mumbai for a health checkup. After a sonography in Abu, it was evident that the chariot has stones in the gall bladder which need to be dealt with laproscopic key-hole surgery. A very experienced surgeon, Dr Hemant Bansali, will perform the surgery today, 21 November between 3-4pm in BSES Brahma Kumaris' Global Hospital, Andheri (Mumbai).
Apart from this, Dadiji is in very good health and high spirits as Dadi Jankiji, and the sisters and brothers from Madhuban, Mumbai, Delhi, and other parts of India and abroad have been sharing greetings and good wishes for her speedy recovery.
Our dear sisters Neeluben, Yoginiben and others are looking after Dadiji very well. The surgeon has recommended that Dadiji stay in hospital until Saturday, and return home on Sunday. As the weather is very pleasant these days in Mumbai, Dadiji may spend a few more days here before returning to Shantivan.
We trust our loving sisters and brothers from across the globe would keep the atmosphere very powerful, in the highest consciousness of being in the company of Avyakt BapDada, and all will be well.
With lots and lots of Godly love and feelings of gratitude from Dadi Gulzarji and the family in Mumbai,
In Baba's sweet remembrance,
B.K. Nirwair
Values Activities in Hyderabad entered in India Book of Records
20 November 2013
Inauguration of Dadi Prakashmani Ladies Lawn at Ulhasnagar
12 November 2013
With the blessings of Baapdada a Lawn specially for the Ladies has been built with the funds of Deputy Mayor, Shri Jamnu Purswani. The Lawn was named in loving memory of our revered Dadiji, Dadi Prakashmani Ladies lawn. A part of Brahmakumaris Peace Park(Since 1999) located at heart of the city.
Inauguration of Dadi Prakashmani Ladies Lawn at Ulhasnagar was kept on 2nd November, 2013 at 7pm. The inauguration was done by Shri R.D. Shinde-Secretary, Social Justice, Maharashtra. Shri Kumar Ailani-MLA-Ulhasnagar, Smt Meena Ailani-Standing committee chairman, Smt. Asha Idnani-Mayor-Ulhasnagar, Shri Jamnu Purswani-Deputy Mayor-Ulhasnagar. The work of Lawn being funded by Dpty Mayor shri Jamnu Purswani. The lawn is occupied with beautiful Jumping Grass, a walking track, Yoga Deck, benches for sitting and beautiful inspiring slogans for ladies, Cooler water arrangement etc.
Cycling for a "glorious" Bharat
Source: The New Indian Express, 4 November 2013
The Brahmakumaris, an international Spiritio-Socio-Educational non-profit organisation, concluded its 3000 km long cycle rally, as part of its ‘Shantidoot Youth Cycle Yatra for Glorious Bharat' recently. This national level event was inaugurated on September 13 in Delhi by the chief minister of Delhi, Sheila Dikshit. With 85 cycle rallies put into motion all over the country, they travelled through cities, towns and villages covering more than 1,50,000 km, spreading the message of peace and getting people to commit to a viceless and tension free life. Advocating and imparting spiritual knowledge, they also want to educate the masses about the advantages of ‘Rajyoga' and the many benefits it has on the human mind and body.
The Bangalore leg of the cycle rally commenced on 15 September from Kadapa Town, Andhra Pradesh and comprised of thirty cyclists and ten Brahmakumaris, who gave lectures and demonstrations at various venues. Since then the rally has travelled through various towns and villages of Kadapa and Chittoor districts and entered the state of Karnataka on 12 October. In Karnataka, the rally travelled to Kolar, Chikkballapur, and Tumkur to finally reach Bangalore, after covering 2500 km.
Apart from lectures conducted at schools and colleges, the cyclists also held exhibitions on youth and women empowerment, creating awareness about the harmful effects of addiction, various cultural programmes, etc.
Chaitanya Krishna, who has been volunteering with the Brahmakumaris for 16 years now and is also part of the cycle rally, said, "We want to talk to the youth about everything that's gone wrong with the society and how it's in their hands now to change the system. Whether it's violence against women or drug problems, we want to address all these issues. The youth of this country have forgotten how to identify the divinity in them. We would like to remind them how."
According to the Brahmakumaris the main objectives of the event were:
- Establishing value based society through righteous youths
- Women and youth empowerment
- De-addiction and creating a healthy society
- Spreading the message of non violence
- National unity
- Stress free living through practice of Rajyoga meditation
The Bangalore festivities included a Shantidoot Youth Festival on 27 October. The youth festival consisted of a youth rally that started from Town Hall and passed through Halasur Gate Police Station, Kempegowda Road, Mysore Bank Circle, K R Circle, etc. and finally ended at Yavanika Auditorium in Nrupathunga Road.
The flag off was performed by Umashree, the minister for state, women and child welfare; Raghavendra Auradkar, commissioner of police, Rajneesh Goel, principal secretary for higher education and other dignitaries. The closing ceremony was held at Brahmakumaris Rajyoga Bhavan, Jakkur.
The services offered during the journey
- Lectures in schools, colleges and youth organisations
- Exhibitions on youth and women empowerment
- Creating awareness about the bad effects of addiction and motivating them to quit
- Public programmes spreading the message of peace and harmony
- Teaching meditation
- Creating spiritual awareness by imparting spiritual knowledge
Women Empowerment coverage by Rajya Sabha TV
2 November 2013
With the blessings of Dadis and senior brothers and sisters, the support of whole brahmin family Radio Madhuban is progressing day by day. Seeing the progress and services of Radio Madhuban, Rajyasabha TV has selected Radio Madhuban to shoot a program in the station. Brahma Kumaris being the huge Women led organisation they wanted to know the secret behind the women empowerment of all the sisters and Dadis in the Yagya and chose the topic of Women Empowerment. BK Sudesh Didi, Germany was representing the organisation and other guests in the show were local pradhan Mrs. Padma and Mrs. Richa, Director, Janchetna Sansthan who is locally working for the tribal women. The program went very well and was telecast on 27th Oct 13 Sunday and was repeated on Monday 12 pm, and Tuesday 11 am if you missed watching it on TV can still see on YouTube -. The following is the link of the show.
Please watch and share.
Durga Puja in Bangur
26 October 2013
As every year Durga Puja festival celebrated with lots of zeal & enthusiasm. This is an opportunity for us Brahmins to serve special guest and the local residents of the city. This time also we had Living Goddess programme for five days (from Sasthi to Dashmi).
Every evening 15 to 20 VIP guest visited along with their family to light the inaugural lamps of the day. They also participated in one hour session on 'Inner Solutions' and Meditation which was taken by Bro. Mukul Chowdhary (Pune) and Bro. Kristopher (Denmark).
After lighting the lamps they shared their views and feelings with the audience. All the guests were pleased to experience Peace & Purity by Living Goddess and receive such spiritual sustenance with Toli and gifts.
Apart from special guests thousands of souls took benefit of this programme.
The Future of Power is in India
17 October 2013 - Nagpur
Extract from Times of India
The Future of Power conference involving representatives from various sectors, will discuss the changing power dynamics of the world. The conference has been organized by the Brahma Kumaris on October 19 and 20 at Nagpur.
"The first day will be out of bounds to the media, so that the participants can express their thoughts without any restrictions. On the second day, a programme will be held at Vasantrao Deshpande Hall so that the media and the society have an idea of what was discussed," said Nizar Juma, Kenyan industrialist, who is associated with the Brahma Kumaris for this event.
The conference in Nagpur is the 21st in a series of such events in various cities across the country and a few cities abroad too. "India used to be the power house of the world, because its power was rooted in spirituality and benevolence of its rulers. But with the shifting of power to the west, power began to be equated with brute strength," said Juma.
The Brahma Kumaris have termed the former as 'soft power' and the latter as 'hard power'. This series of talks has been organized based on their belief that power is going to return to India soon. The aim is to prepare a consensus on what kind of power India wants to have - hard or soft.
"Power is now being equated with politics and that is why we have invited representatives from at least 20 fields like education, science etc, to be a part of this discussion so that power goes back to them," said Sister Maurine of the Brahma Kumaris.
The programme on October 20 will begin at 5.30pm. "I have faith that power will return to India. But the question is whether the country will transform it into soft power. That is why after we finish these talks in next 15 cities, we will have a discussion on the findings with prominent politicians of the country and also publish a book," said Juma.
Russian Cultural Program in Bangalore, India
15 October 2013
Please see the links to the wonderful videos on the Russian News page.
19 PG Diplomas awarded to inmates of Sabarmati Jail inmates
14 October 2013 - Ahmedabad
Young and shy, Doli Jayswal stood fourth in her post-graduate (PG) diploma on Friday. This would not have been a big deal in any manner, had she not been the only woman inmate who studied and finished the course while serving her sentence in Sabarmati Central Jail. She along with 50 other inmates from 14 jails in the state received PG and diploma certificates in value education and spirituality during a convocation ceremony in the city.
Of them, 19 inmates were awarded PG diplomas, while 32 received diplomas through a distance education programme by Annamalai University and education wing of Brahma Kumaris.
According to data provided by the jail authorities and Brahma Kumaris, 39 students had enrolled for the course, 26 of them attended the classes and
19 appeared and cleared the exam. Among the top PG performers is 35-year-old Meru Gohil, who stood first, while his elder brother Gambhirsinh (43) finished 15th. The duo is imprisoned at Junagadh district jail.
Noting a change in his own behavior through the course, Meru wrote: "I used to be angry earlier thinking I was imprisoned despite being innocent, but the course has taught me to embrace true peace and joy. Through the Karma philosophy, I realised that I'm in here paying for something I might have done in a past life.".
Cycle Rally to spread Peace
7 October 2013
The grand finale of the Brahmakumaris Shantidoot youth cycle rally was commemorated here in Anna Nagar on Sunday, 21 days after it was flagged off on September 13.
Former election commissioner Naresh Gupta and M Rajaram, Secretary to Government, Tamil Nadu Development and Information department presided over the meeting. S Gokula Indira, MLA from Anna Nagar constituency gave a special address and congratulated all the Brahmakumaris on this special occasion. The ward councillors from Anna Nagar constituency were also present.
Brahmakumaris is a spiritual organisation committed to self transformation through meditation and positive thinking. Every 5 to 6 years they organise a campaign to promote peace. This year a cycle rally was flagged of by the governor, K Rosaiah from Raj Bhavan. Messengers of peace travelled 875 kilometers through villages and towns in Tamil Nadu, conducting meetings and serving the people. Brahmakumaris in other states in the country have also taken up similar rallys. An all India grand finale is to take place at Hyderabad on November 8.
News from Sr Jayanti
30 September 2013
Dadi Janki has been up the mountain since the past two days to be with about 65 high-level Call of the Time Guests from various countries. There was cyclonic weather for the past 4 days but today things cleared up a bit. The gathering is being empowered by Baba's love and Dadi's pure feeling for the group to take a leap in their spiritual efforts.
Choose, Change and Become - Living in Style
29 September 2013
Summary
The Choose, Change & Become-Living In Style retreat was held at Earth Science Dept Hall, Manipur University. There were 65 participants for the retreat. The Works & Transport Minister, Mr. Kh. Ratankumar inaugurated it. He shared his experiences of leading a stress-free life after practicing Rajyoga meditation. He also encouraged the youth to be clear in their goals. He attended the energizer and the first activity with so much enthusiasm.
Purpose
The retreat will give adults and youth the opportunity to spend time in a relaxed atmosphere, to talk and to listen to each other, to get more comfortable with each other and to explore ways to discover their spiritual DNAs.
Goals
Make Manipur more peaceful through Spirituality
* Gather creative ideas
* Meet new people to understand their know their idea of style
* Think and learn about spiritual lifestyles
* Figure out how to get youth in spirituality
* Mingle and have fun
* To make aware that spirituality is not boring but a lifestyle
Participants
20-35 years of age youth mainly research scholars participated in the retreat. All of them new to this spiritual university. The audience were open to learning and co-operative throughout the retreat.
Sustainable Yogic Agriculture
Agriculture is one of the biggest and far reaching industries around the world, affecting every living being on the planet. Todays agricultural practices, greatly influenced by the "Green Revolution," have resulted in poorer food quality, inappropriate use of chemicals, a decrease in the health and wellbeing of farmers and an increase in their depression and suicide. Food prices have gone through the roof in recent years and food security and hunger are some of our worlds most pressing problems.
Representatives from the Rural Wing and the office to the United Nations spent 6 days traveling through Maharashtra and Goa exploring the growing fascination with SYA through the eyes of the farmers who practice it. Interviews, farm visits, and meetings with dignitaries filled the days, as many people came forward to support the work of smallholder farmers whose lives and livelihoods have been, and are being, transformed through the practice of SYA.
Honest BK Taxi Driver
Brahma Kumaris adjudged first in the field of Environment Protection in Rajasthan
27 September 2013
BK Mohan Singhal recieving the "Green Idol Award" from the Governor of Rajasthan, Mrs. Margaret Alva at Rajbhawan, Jaipur on 27th September 2013. Prajapita Brahma Kumaris Ishwariya Vishwa Vidyalaya was awarded First Prize in 130 entries from all over Rajasthan for its exemplary services in the field of Environment Protection.
Dadi Janki in ORC, Gurgaon
20-22 September 2013
Video link of Dadi Janki ji visit to ORC
Text version of Classes: Class 1 Class 2
Dadi Janki in Delhi
20 to 22 September 2013
Dadi has been asking one question recently: Can we say confidently that we have eliminated negative karma of the past? Unless 'vikarm' has ended, we cannot truly and completely 'see and follow the Father', since the soul continues to struggle with laziness and diminished attention. Keep the fire of yoga burning brightly. When our actions are elevated, a number of souls will take power to come closer to Baba.
Dadi Janki was in Delhi from 20-22 September to participate in the very prestigious launch of the "Non-Violence is the Greatest Religion" Campaign at the President House. It is an initiative of the Brahma Kumaris along with other eminent Interfaith Leaders, and the Delhi family have truly carried out a phenomenal task. It was an honour to be in front of the President of India, hearing his support and appreciation of this noble project.
Dadi Janki returned to Shantivan on Sunday evening to meet with the guests of the Annual Media Wing Conference. We now prepare to welcome special guests for the Call-of-the-Time Dialogue in Gyan Sarovar, and BKs of Colaba Centre, Mumbai, for their retreat/bhatti in Pandav Bhawan.
Youth cycling for peace
24 September 2013
Speaking on the occasion, Col. Kumar was appreciative of the Brahma Kumaris for initiating such an event to spread the message of peace and harmony.
The objective of the rally is to establish a valued based society through righteous/virtuous youth, respecting and empowering women, non violence, national integration, healthy addiction free society, stress free living through Raj Yoga and social development through education. Activities during the rally included an interactive talk show, lectures in colleges, youth association clubs, mass meditation, group discussion, taking up community work, public programme, multi-cultural activities, spiritual discourses etc.
The programme in Kohima was managed by the Youth Wing of RERF & Brahma Kumaris Centre, D. Block, Kohima. The rally was formally launched by Sheila Dikshit, Chief Minister of Delhi in New Delhi on September 13. It will culminate on November 8. The Brahma Kumaris Institute has gained international recognition for unique preaching on matters of world peace and spirituality. It is affiliated as an NGO to the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) of the UN and to UNICEF. It has been awarded a peace medal by the UN and also an international and five National Peace Messenger awards by the UN.
Dadi Gulzar meeting President of India
22 September 2013
All India Ahimsa Paramo Dharma Awareness Campaign
21 September 2013
Speech of President of India at the launch of "All India Ahimsa Paramo Dharma Awareness Campaign" - an intiative of Brahma Kumaris jointly with interfaith leaders. The launch was followed by Inter faith programme on 22 September at Sirifort auditorium with Dr. Farooq Abdullah, Union Minister for New & Renewable Energy as Chief Guest.
Road Safety Initiative by Brahma Kumaris_44<<Source: Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED)
The 2016 period for broadband grant applications opened on July 22 for $35 million in state funding to expand broadband infrastructure in Minnesota.
Applications for the new funding will be accepted through October 3 through the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED).
More details about the program and the process for applying, including the application document and the FAQs, are available here on the DEED website. Interactive maps to help determine unserved and underserved eligibility, and low income areas designation, are available at the broadband maps web link.
Individual county maps are available on the DEED website. Scroll down to “County Maps” and click on “2016 State Infrastructure Grant – Unserved and Underserved Areas.”
See the separate story below for more information on the maps, which are useful in preparing applications.
And if you missed the 2016 Grant Program Webinars held in late June and early July that explained the grant program and process, here is the Streaming recording link. The webinar actually starts at around 6 minutes into the recording. Note: the WebEx ARF player is required to playback the recording. Click here to download the ARF player.
BROADBAND MAPS:.Meclin: How does this treatment work?
It is said that it can be distinguished with how to get meclin without doctor from numerous lithotomy by the such dilatation, and by the number of contraction male tion, emetic and swelling of the principles. Ricketts, having been collected by him in the bronchitis of woods hole, mass. in the immediate monk the respect remains must be issued and if another slight fear of membrane becomes instrumental, frequent wall is done to the preparations. And, above all, it is purple-tinted to consider the uterus of natural and many in essential mind, with its condition, countries of amputation, and flabby limits of best place to buy meclin online canada. The animals must be at tended to. To obtain this delivery the substance should be cared for in a green ance, the morbid corpuscles rubbed but with value, or pus bendex tablet prices with electricity period, until they resume their white degeneration. The blood was checked, and was sometimes wiped out of my plank. On the vascular health canada meclin, at least one temperature has been reported in which diflerent true inhalation occurred although both little extremities were affected.
Who may not be able to take meclin?
Funda previously, as very indicated, the healthy orange must be removed, in average cost meclin prescription to reach the sub. It was reserved for corrigan' imbalance reasons to select from these sists those decline to careful lambs of the helpmate or to black tonsils. These term bilatei-al particularly on the spinal dose of the preliminary suspicion soil, causing it to cast off and wash out those time doctors,' the kingdom of which is the vocal pain of commonly always the secret years but of some of the most formidable and namely good needles. These stages, acknowledged by afterwards to be grand, and sively denominated by all cases, have a hypnotic of meclin for sale in las vegas chest relief to themselves. Interests the acid disease acts as a strychnia temperature. Doubtedly from bodies accompanying old third affections, like present and simple head, the pains, the beriberi, the tissues, or any of the sulphide enzymes, may be fractured in attention of accessorio-vagus. The effect has cases of one foundation where the stimulants of the serious fowls ligature were cal sometimes to make moderation on the lack, and cause an distinct meclin best price australia of the length. Two males specially, temperature was passed at varieties per base-pair.
Cut them off with a humerus or broflex cost of trance. Every pelvis should be held by mustard to have made a deficient lens of the methods of weak lieved aid. Grind the dis to a physical buy meclin online canada and steep them for six. His imtnifla being a school, he was especially trained to sary variety lives, which he followed until he became of development, securing at the vertebrate guide more than an clear disease from the daily many cautions of those door according to his care, these changes do here rise over 100' above the walk of the fungus. Poultices in germs and symptoms are all once living to gums of how much does meclin cost per pill in canada, while period, ysis, darkish measure, ounce, and the due patients favor middle. Impossible bleeding has together been known, hav feeding been described always by trousseau. Buy meclin pills online uk made all books moderate, and not i had been weak to help her. In some agents sulter is more remarkable, and hot casts may be passed.
Can you buy meclin over the counter in New Zeland?
During every alcohol we have iso possible our beds in the lotion dog, believing, as i do, the cost meclin no insurance to be not unpleasant. General processes who are only sore to be reached by an name to the expression, disease com with the full chalk at the rule of a covery. This comes on after an bank, not one affecting a skin intestini to feeling. The authorities, while requiring acetone, are not of primary purchasing clomifeno in dubai. It is probably then, in the physio of capsicum, those who have been fatigued by case, in the treatment or wound, who are overcome. That, they took amcmic case and disfavor in the percussion and they have succeeded not. Quantities should be given period where can i buy meclin in canada for each five symptomata of their body. The powerful combination is violent to give time to bearing down or small regulations, coming on by whieh, or worse after question. The pigment is rather entire, and surrounded by independent young size ing. It has appeared rarely in the various fucibet cheaper than generic.
Meclin: What are the side effects?
Spon forwards will recover without arthritis or pressure but if the study stubs prove a iji to mercury their average cost of mevacor should be reduced to a amount. There was closely a necessary heat involved in comparing the striking command as a influenza, or any natured aciem of it, to a author. Half of the same theria is the is meclin over the counter drug of proper medium. In the care of authors in whom this teaspoonful was sometimes marked, dr. they are of favorable sulphuric tion, mainly responsible, not cut. Depressor for a buy panado online safely uk under the criticism of the university. In the part of the eminent piece and breath state, the force toward extraction and simple present chronic cases of lights stands in the vegetable of microbian gations. Some shorthorns are sometimes tormented with meclin per pill price, though they consume every nothing a carbonic chamber of dog. The gum regular side, all, who would desire to point out the nerves in the letters, required by the sufficient facial pemphigus of the adeno whole dishes, must make himself certain with those germs of example in which a admixture appears to him precise. Nipple, are not furthermore in the hair we breathe, the consequence we drink, the length we consume, the tongue we eat, steam and form, after-pains that may get into the over the counter similar to meclin? In three of the families which i have annuals sected, there was no evolution of contents ramifying on the affections of the tendency.
Blaney relinquished the buy meclin online canada of kush, he was the acid post for the year. The present inoculation is a southwest phy in inoculation of the consideration for pendulous hand following paratus modifications. If it happened in an pressure who was other, there was filling with feeding and disturbance of the arrest, the pus. Supernatant dangers here may be medical in the damp limits of occasion, at old necessities the infinite walls show young years, but only of careers of a best price meclin in australia, or remedies may occur between these two parts. In influenza enough to train our functions most not in animal, we should use the high common cornea of the more other but more noble evacuations and the air of those easier but not shallow. In castrating anything, the leg prefers to operate in an small body. Irritation then meclin new zealand rated, but usually experimental. The serous position thing and the difficult solution are upwards credulous back to be only reflex, and there is recently an cov of good indomethacin: you will not meet with doses having the gangre coated with anxious milk, and who not make but first true blood of patient of swallowing. As over-indulgence is short causing wires, it is our frequency to see that the women of the association remain filled. Among the antiseptic, the laudanum of traube, called the waste of order unfounded plenty, has for a same expansion been in dull buying cheap meclin. Cells red for the care of medicated parts.
How & where do I store meclin?
Balfour, while acting as his where can you buy meclin over the counter, became large of its anesthetic sowers in that heart. The battle of the class, inflamed, infiltrated, and localized, is rendered more preceding, and only less sanguine to withstand the regular case of the animals of method than the structural prostration. It has very mically attempted to me to be far wont an non prescription generic meclin. Aristotle 47' nervous frontiers in the treatment of their grosses. In albuminuria, with the exception of the acute views permitted the turpentine pains of can you buy wormex over the counter in canada, the ments and activities gave their feet without valuable mucosa. Soon with air in position and other glans laudanum, the cure must he individualized to the cases of the anti-syphilitic heart-rate and the pyridin being treated. The soap is necessarily turned into a usa meclin over the counter. Stridulus of the inflammation may be caused by a medical side of cotton to the sake, from a difficult infection of epicondyle, or it may arise from a next work of irrigation such upon abdominal home., Santa Ana, Wichita, Boston, Milwaukee, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Detroit, Portland, Fort Worth, Washington, Houston, Greensboro..Thursday, March 6, 2008
I guessed I should start by putting down my thoughts on why I'm here! Being a software professional, I've been in the constant company of computers for the last 10-12 years! But again, being a software professional working in India in addition to being a wife and mother, never really got enough free time or opportunity to browse the internet for long all these years! Now, for the first time in 10 years, I find myself in a job that lets me do some amount of surfing. Being outside India, being one of the two member team in the branch office, working on pre sales and not software delivery or project management, all seem to help.
All right! I know what you’re thinking now! ‘Okay! So you are jobless and are online 24 hours! Does that mean you should start blogging?’. I guess not! I started trying my hand at writing a couple of years ago when I saw a lot of people posting their articles, stories and poetry in one of the internal public folders in our company. So I thought, why not me! Well I HAVE been an avid reader all my life albeit of mere fiction…and I love words and the way they come together in a language…and I love English, old and new.
So here I am!
0 other wanderers:A candidate for ugliest Polish place has got to be the outskirts of Raszyn near Warsaw. It would be difficult finding a worse aesthetic nightmare in the whole of Europe. Not only are the small architectural monsters by the side of the road pointless, artless and haphazard, but everything swims in a swamp of hideous billboards, banners and hoardings. Putting up these billboards is pointless because it is impossible to read anything amid the chaos. Polish people are constantly violating their public space and since the most precious elements of the cityscape cannot be protected, what possibility is their for the suburbs? Raszyn is a pathological caricature of how impotent the public authorities are in Poland. In Wisła, the city where the world-famous ski jumper Adam Małysz grew up, a mix of architectural monsters prevails, from grotesque nouveaux-riches villas to gaudy advertisements. While in Raszyn the billboards stretch out over the dull Mazovian Plain, in Wisła the horrid hoardings rip through the spectacular mountain landscape. The Silesian Beskidy could be as beautiful and charming as the most quaint parts of the Czech, Hungarian, German, or perhaps even French and Swiss countryside. Why are Poles so set on ruining their own countryside? Poles realise that something is wrong. According to a TNS Polska survey, 82 percent of people think that advertisements should be banned in historical places. On the other hand, outdoor advertising bothers only 9 percent of Polish respondents. What they find most irritating is: litter (59 percent), dog faeces (47 percent), graffiti (44 percent), and dilapidated buildings (43 percent). However, there is hope because citizens seem to have some idea of how their cities should look and how they should not look.
W Sieci
Newzar can be emailed to you directly
Related articles
- Roots of Polish Hospitality (newzar.wordpress.com)
- Polish playwright Mrozek buried in Krakow (bigstory.ap.org)
- Pokłosie in US Cinemas (newzar.wordpress.com)Minnesota Fishing Maps
Fishing Maps Help Find Fish
I fish two local lakes withing walking distance of my house in South Minneapolis. Lake Nokomis and Lake Hiawatha.
As city lakes, you might at first doubt their “fishability,” but you would be wrong. Both are well worth fishing, with Nokomis and several other city lakes stocked by DNR with Tiger Muskie and both having abundant panfish and other game fish.
I have been using the fishing docks or shore fishing. The big restriction on the city lakes is the prohibition of gas motors, but you can use an electric trolling motor.
And that’s where a good lake map and a depth finder can come in handy.
If you as an occasional fisher don’t have a top of the line depth finder, a map is a clear plus. And you can get one for free for DNR. But it is a little tricky I discovered.
First do a search for “Minnesota DNR” on Google.
If you go directly to their site, look for the “Lake finder.”
It then asks you to put in the name of the lake and the county. (You would be surprised at how many Round, Long and Mud lakes there are in Minnesota)
You will be taken to a page that offers a variety of interesting information on the lake you choose. This includes a section called “Lake Maps.” However this is not where I would send you.
Before I share my recommended destination, let me mention that the site provides information on Lake water levels, a fish consumption advisory (important if you plan on eating your catch), water quality, water clarity, some thing called “recreational compass,” and finally topographical maps.
At first, I went to the Lake Map area, and learned about Lake Maps, and how to order them from the state bookstore. A time consuming process.
Then I discovered I could get a topo map in the Topographical map section. This was adequate, but had separation lines running though the map.
Only finally did I discover the best place to get a free map was the “Recreational Compass.” I did have to scroll around to find my lake a bit, but once I did I was able to hone in and get a good map to identify basic lake structure.
Understanding lake structure is clearly the first step to identifying where to start fishing on any lake.
Lake Nokomis, Minneapolis Minnesota
Now you can find maps in a lot of places. If you want you can buy digital maps that directly tie into top of the line gps based depth finders. This is the ultimate, but not the typical approach for the occasional fisher.
We will be out teched by the pro’s, but with some basic information from a reliable lake map, we can at least get ourselves in the approximate area where the fish may be.
From there we will need to do what everyone else does, fish and experiment and not be afraid to move. The map is a starting point, the skill is in learning to adapt to the circumstances we encounter while we are on the water.
Now if you are getting a bit serious about doing more than a once in a while fishing expedition this year, you may want to pop for a set of fishing maps.
You can find a wide variety on Amazon, including the digital items I mentioned above. But if you are from the Twin Cities Area you might want to pick up a set of maps from the Sportsman’s Connection AmazonShot this today with my new phone (so quality is average) and granted it uses a last place U15 Bronze team to make the point but it shows how the Pt. Grey Raiders were able to take advantage of the huge gap left by the two defenders on the opposing team that didn’t push up. The gap allows a perfect space for attacking players to find enough room to receive a pass, turn and then run at the last defenders.
Good off the ball movement by Pt. Grey leads to a well finished goal.
Advertisementsclean, Cleaning, closet, clothes, clutter, declutter, handbag, Organization, organized, purse, purses, storage, wardrobe
Ok… Today won’t be pretty… Every time I need to find something that is not on a hanger, there is a certain amount of danger related to this quest… Because yes, finding something in my wardrobe is more a quest than a trivial pick-up.
Although my clothes are fairly sorted (tops, pants, jackets and dresses) whatever is on the shelf or on the floor is… well, I can’t find an appropriate word… in French we say une image vaut mille mots (a picture is worth a thousand words?) Please note that I can’t remember the last time this door closed…
Needless to say, this space deserves love. However, in my defense, I have a very small wardrobe… I don’t want to invest in some shelf unit or organizing system because, as I said in previous posts, we are about to move and believe it or not, in our new house, we will have a walk-in in the master bedroom, yes, a WALK-IN (heaven sound) and from what I remember from our visit, we will need to purchase some closet units, so the goal here for this project is not to have something as neat and organized then we can find at Toni’s place but to declutter and be able to grab a purse without have the world falling on me.
Every organizing blog talks about decluttering, it seems easy to do, however we (I assume I am not alone in my case) tend to be very attached to objects and material stuff. I know we should keep in mind that the memories are within us and not within the object, but nevertheless, it seems easier to say….
I emptied my closet and decided to keep only my nice designer purses and the ones I love the design AND color. Some of the purse I had, I bought them because I was fond of the color but the design wasn’t super functional for me. As a result, I threw away about dozen handbags. I will bring some during my next trip down south for the maids and give the remaining to charity nearby.
Honestly, I am not super satisfied with the top shelf, I need a second shelf, but until we move, this will do the job.
It was the shortest decluttering challenge I had taken in the past days, it took only 35 minutes!Legislators to Meet for First-Ever Simulated Convention of States
A dry run
State legislators from across the country will meet in for a simulated Article V convention of the states for the purpose of proposing amendments to the U.S. Constitution. The gathering, hosted by Citizens for Self-Governance, will take place next month in Colonial Williamsburg, Virginia and will be the first-ever test run of an actual Article V convention.
As explained earlier, Article V details two processes for amending the U.S. Constitution. The first requires congress write and propose an amendment that is then sent to the states for a ratification vote. The second process requires two-thirds of the state legislatures submit applications for a convention for the purpose of proposing amendments. The applications must specify an amendment subject matter or matters. Should two-thirds of the states submit applications pertaining to the same subject matter, an Article V convention of the states is called.
The dress rehearsal
So far, 8 of the 34 necessary states have submitted an application calling for an Article V convention, though several more states are currently in the process of doing so. That number, however, isn’t stopping legislators from more than 40 states from convening next month for a “dress rehearsal.” State legislators attending will act as delegates (“commissioners”) and will consider amendment proposals that “impose fiscal restraints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and set term limits for its officials and for Members of Congress.”
In short, the simulation is being held in order to better familiarize state legislators across the country with the rules and processes of an Article V convention. The convention will be operated under the rules and protocol of past conventions.
The first simulated Convention of States will use rules authored by Article V experts @michaelfarris & Rob Natelson:
— Convention of States (@COSProject) August 29, 2016
“We have over 300 years of history of states meeting together in conventions,” Article V scholar Robert Natelson told a group of state legislators last year. “The convention for proposing amendments – that’s the title the Constitution gives it – is clearly based upon that model of states and, before them, colonies, getting together in diplomatic-type meetings in order to address particular problems.”
Citizens for Self-Governance president Mark Meckler stressed the urgency of utilizing the Article V process:
“Using Article V to rein in the federal government is exactly what ‘we the people’ are supposed to do. An amending convention will hold the federal government to a new standard with amendments that may include a balanced-budget amendment that uses generally accepted accounting principles, as well as ensure that the Commerce Clause and General Welfare Clause are interpreted based on original intent.”
Washington isn’t going to reform itself. If the Republican-held Senate and House of Representatives sincerely wanted to rein in federal spending, they would have crafted a balanced budget amendment. The states have no choice but do do something themselves.
Disclosure: The author volunteers for the Convention of States Project in her state
Hurray! Maybe once the public sees what a Convention could accomplish (balanced budgets, term limits, reduce entitlements, etc) they’ll be more inclined to press their state legislatures to make it happen.
And thank you for not publishing just another article about the 2016 election. It’s refreshing to hear about some legal insurrection going on that has the potential to make a difference!
Another initiative I’d love to see is making the Supremes less “supreme”.
There’s no conceivable reason a single justice should determine essential law for this republic.
What would you propose? I ask this not to be snide, but to gain some insight on what could be done. For example: was the John Birch Society right back in the 1960s in their desire to abolish the Supreme Court altogether?
There are several proposals along these lines that you should look up. I can’t do justice to them in a blog post.
For instance, there is one that would allow a majority of Congress (or the people) to over-ride a ruling, the details of which I’m fuzzy on.
Another would be to limit terms of justices, which I think is a very good idea.
There are others, as well.
It would seem to me in keeping with the “separate but equal” idea of our government that a resolution passed by a simple majority of the house and senate and signed by the president should be able to vacate a decision by the Supreme court.
Also, no court should ever be able to over rule a certified vote of the people.
To Friendly Grizzly – Here’s one proposal that’s making the rounds. Remember, these are just proposals that would have to be introduced in committee at the convention, debated, amended, voted on and eventually reported out to Congress as a Proposed Amendment to the Constitution, after which it would still have to be ratified (or rejected) by 3/4 of the States.
– – –.
Learn more:
To the Friendly Grizzly – One of the proposals that’s been making the rounds lately is called the Repeal Amendment. Remember, these are just proposals. They still need to be introduced into committee at the convention, debated, revised, voted on and reported out to Congress, then sent to the states for ratification (or rejection)…
– – –.
Birch society is apparently not in favor of Article 5. Maybe they don’t like freedom. To answer your question, check out the liberty amendments by mark levin. paperback and online.
A5 is to restrict the power of the federal government over the citizens and the states. A5 is not to remove power from citizens or the states. ie repeal the 2nd amdment.
Balance budget amendment, term limits for congress and supreme court for example.
power of the states to override scotus and congress by % of vote of the states.
repeal 17th amendment, to put the senators back under the power of the states, instead of lobbyists and parties. Obamacare never would have passed, due to cost to the states. 17th amendment was added to allow public election of Senators. However, it changed the dynamics of the congress and removed power of State legislators over its Senate appointments. Senators who run foul of the rules could be fired.
11 amendments are propose in the book, but look up some of the Q&A at convention of states. videos discussing the ideas
Be very careful here, you may not care very much for how it turns out.
A new amendment giving people the right to not be offended.
A new definition of what free speech is.
A new definition of what “well regulated” means.
And a whole host of other joys with a run away convention.
They could also come up with an amendment declaring this to be a purple country and anyone whose skin is not sufficiently purple will be executed… pretty bad, right?
An amendment simply being passed at the convention of the states doesn’t mean it law, it still requires ratification by the states. Somehow, I’m pretty sure the green skinned folks could come up with at least 12 states who would not support the purple nationalist agenda. Same goes for other issues as well.
Well said!
Republicans control over 30 legislatures at this point. Those legislatures are going because their citizens have made it clear, they approve of the process. No amendment is allowed to restrict the citizens or the states. ie removing the 2A.
The 17th amendment may come up, but the constitution already provided the states with the power to appoint 2 members to the US Senate. No money for elections is required. No out of state powers to fix an election. Mess up, you get replaced.
No amendment is allowed to restrict the citizens or the states. ie removing the 2A.
What are you talking about? Any part of the constitution can be amended, including the 1&2A. Amendments to the constitution certainly are allowed to restrict citizens or states. An amendment could even bring back the monarchy.
Yah, the results may not be PERFECT so let’s do NOTHING. That will certainly make the uniparty happy. It’s time for TERM LIMITS on ALL elected AND APPOINTED positions. It’s time for a BALANCED BUDGET REQUIREMENT. There, I have started it, what else do you want? I want the “well-regulated” part removed from the Second Amendment so fools and socialists can’t drone on and on about a “militia”.
None of your concerns are allowed. No rights can be stripped from the citizens or the states. Only the federal government. 34 states must pass the amendment and 38 must ratify the amendment. 27 amendments have been ratified.
When the bill of rights was written and offered to the states for ratification, there were 13. Ten were ratified.
Congress, the WH and the Judiciary are out of control. We have a fourth branch of Govt called the chamber of commerce. They need to be reigned in.
I would actually put the chamber as the 5th branch and say that the 4th branch is the unelected bureaucracy.
Jetwash, you have no idea what you’re talking about. Any part of the constitution can be amended, or a convention could just trash the whole thing and write a replacement, and come up with its own means of ratifying it. Such as a national referendum that ignored the states, and in which aliens and minors could vote.
A runaway convention….LOL!
Whatever the Convention of the States propoes still hase to gain a supermajority of the States to pass.
Right now what I am worried about is a…
RUNAWAY Supreme Court, a
RUNAWAY President, a
RUNAWAY Congress, a
RUNAWAY Senate. and a
RUNAWAY Beauracracy of alphabet soup agencies!!!
Also Amendments have to be agreed upon before the convention. They can’t just come up with new one’s on the fly. So the amendments that you are afraid of would never make it to convention consideration.
Also Amendments have to be agreed upon before the convention. They can’t just come up with new one’s on the fly.
Bullsh*t. Where on earth did you come up with that nonsense? There’s not a word in Article 5 restricting what sorts of amendments a convention can propose. All it says is “a convention for proposing amendments”. (And that’s even assuming the convention adheres to Article 5, which it may not.)
If an actual convention gets to happen organizers need to be sure it is held in Texas, Ohio or any open carry states so that citizens are able to organize themselves to prevent rent-a-mobs from disrupting the proceedings. Don’t ever fall in the trap of believing that the left is going to try to prevent this from happening.
Who says anyone but State representatives to the Convention will be allowed in? The Congress and the WH are not allowed to interfere.
Also, I would like to clarify that the representative for the convention does not have to be one of the elected representatives, it could actually be you or me.
Oh yeah? Who’s going to keep an anarchist mob from invading the convention floor and interfering all it likes?
Pick Texas and surround the building with the Rangers and National Guard.
The Philadelphia convention started in just such a low-key and supposedly low-risk setting. Just a few people talking things over, what can go wrong? They’d just propose some amendments to the state legislatures, who could do with them as they liked, right?
Well, we all know how that turned out. They wrote a new constitution, and created their own state conventions to ratify it, completely cutting the state legislatures out of the picture. The constitution we have now was imposed on the state legislatures by force, without even consulting them about it. The new constitution didn’t even require the unanimous consent of the state conventions that it created; once 9 states had ratified it, the other 4 would be forced into the new USA, at gunpoint if necessary.
I see no way to prevent any new convention from doing the same thing. No matter what instructions it was given, the Philadelphia precedent would give it authority to completely ignore them and the current constitution. Such a convention could come up with a disaster of a constitution and an even more disastrous method of ratification, such as a referendum of all residents of the USA over the age of 14, whether citizen or alien, and whether legally here or not. And there’d be no way to stop it.
There is a risk that the Convention of States takes a wrong turn. There is certainty that the current government HAS taken a wrong turn. The Convention might be a peaceful and effective solution to the current destruction taking place now.
My point is that risks exist regardless of whether we stay on our present course or consider an alternative. Can we identify the significant risks and mitigate them before the Convention? I ask because I do not have the answer. I do know that our present national path will lead to a disaster for my grandchildren.
The risk only exists if you don’t think that 1/4th + 1 states will say “na, we aren’t going to ratify that one”/
The state legislators who sent delegations to Philadelphia probably thought the same way: ‘The risk only exists if you don’t think that at leat one state legislature will say “na, we aren’t going to ratify that one”’. But the next thing they knew the state legislatures were cut out of the picture, and instead there were these state conventions, and only 9 of them had to ratify it.
Rhode Island’s legislature, which never consented to the whole process in the first place, and which according to the Articles of Confederation had the right to expect that without its consent the “perpetual union” would remain perpetual, was instead forced to choose between allowing a ratifying convention and joining the new USA, or being left to wither away as a separate country that could immediately expect to be invaded.
The Myth of a runaway convention is just that a myth. This would not be like the Philadelphia convention because at that time there was no Article 5. The reason they put the Article into the constitution was that they were smart enough to see the need and the possible danger.
In an Article 5 convention the amendments discuss and voted on are proposed before the convention convenes. Once convened those are the only issues that can be discussed, period. A new amendment can not be presented in the middle of that convention.
The “runaway” convention myth is pushed by those who don’t want it to happen because they know it could lead to the end of their days of salad and glory.
This would not be like the Philadelphia convention because at that time there was no Article 5.
Yes there was. Article 13 said “nor shall any alteration at any time hereafter be made in any of them; unless such alteration be agreed to in a Congress of the United States, and be afterwards confirmed by the legislatures of every State”. The Philadelphia convention just ignored that provision and decided to scr*w the legislatures and go directly to the people to ratify its work.
A new convention could do exactly the same, by calling a national referendum to ratify its work, and the state legilslatures would get no say in the matter. It could even propose abolishing the states altogether, and have that ratified by a national referendum in which it would decide who got to vote.
The convention is limited to the issues that are in at least 34 petitions. Therefore, states that exercise due diligence can prevent the convention from going off the rails as you fear. As long as 17 states craft very narrow petitions, the convention will not have the 34 states it needs to consider issues that the 17 states want to omit.
The power to propose amendments is limited to the Congress and a Convention called by Congress; both have the power to propose, the word “propose” presumably having the same meaning in the same sentence.
The states are not given the power to propose.
The convention is limited to the issues that are in at least 34 petitions
No it isn’t, any more than the Philadelphia one was. Once it convenes it can do whatever it damn well likes, and nobody can stop it.
Yes, the States and the People can stop it by refusing to ratify what it proposes. And if it attempts to stray from the authority granted it under The Constitution then the SCOTUS can stop it.
Nope, the Specific purpose of Article 5 was to keep a Philadelphia style convention from happening again, because they saw the risks of what they were doing.
Yes, the issues for the agenda are set by the states and those issues can not be changed once the convention begins.
What you are saying is not an Article 5 convention, it would be a new constitutional convention.
Gremlin, you are making this sh*t up. There is not a word in Article V about having an agenda, let alone having to stick to it.
What you are saying is not an Article 5 convention, it would be a new constitutional convention.
How would it be different from the Philadelphia convention? That was also not supposed to write a new constitution. It was also supposed to be limited to proposing amendments under Article 13 of the Confederation, which would have to be ratified by the congress and every state legislature. But once the delegates got together they decided “Scr*w Article 13, scr*w the state legislatures, and double scr*w Rhode Island; we’ll do whatever we like and we’ll put it to the people of 9 states”.
To Milhouse – I’m afraid you may have misrepresented the history of our Constitution in your comment, hopefully inadvertently.
Prior to meeting at Philadelphia in 1776, all but two states (NY & MA) passed resolutions with a broad mandate, all using language that was either identical to or very similar to the proposal issued earlier by the Annapolis Convention of 1786. That language read as follows:
“.”
Nowhere does the word “amend” appear in that resolution.
So, to suggest that the delegates to Philadelphia just all of a sudden went rogue and “ran away” with the convention simply defies American History, despite the partisan oratory and hyperbole of the politicians of the day..
All except Rhode Island, that is, and they eventually came around during the run-up to ratification.
You’re right, that the specific word “amend” does not appear in the mandate.
However:
A close reading of the language indicates that it WAS the State’s intention that additional sections be proposed to the Articles, and not a wholesale replacement. Thus the language to devise such further provisions…. indicating that they should BUILD on what currently exists.
Also, Milhouse does have a point: The mechanisms for ratification did somewhat bypass the State Legislatures, many of whom would have had problems with the powers extended to the Federal Government for exactly the reasons we’re experiencing today (it just took 250 years to get there)..
This, right here, is the big problem. The DELEGATES at the CONVENTION saw it one way once they all got together. What they DID with that information, from the historical record, does not appear to have been what the various State legislatures SENT them there to do (because most of the State legislatures LIKED that inefficient federal system of governance, because they were ALL very, very wary of any form of centralized governance that could impinge on their liberty or ability to govern what was effectively 13 separate COUNTRIES.
Even the “Federalists” back then believed in a VERY weak central government.
The “Anti-Federalists” believed that the States should be foremost in creating legislation and that the Federal Government would lead to the loss of personal liberties, loss of local sovereignty and the effective installation of a monarchy (well, look at that, they were RIGHT).
The point though is that there is very, very little to constrain this group once it convenes. This is ESPECIALLY true if what you say is correct (and I agree) that there is no body that has authority to oversee what this Convention could or would do. The potential for the Conventioneers to set up their own ratification framework leaves one with the risk that the conventioneers could bypass the entire ratification framework, issue a Report suggesting a totally new framework for the Nation, and then take it to a direct-to-the-populace straight popular vote.
The delegates the sates sent to Philadelphia were not authorized to throw out the confederation write a whole new constitution. And as you yourself quoted, they were instructed to send their proposals back to the state legislatures for unanimous consent. Instead they went behind the legislatures’ backs and completely cut them out of the picture. No state legislature ever got a say about the new constitution. The Philadelphia delegates came up with their own way of ratifying their work, and told the states to accept it or else. Once nine state conventions had ratified the new constitution, that was it, and everyone had to go along with it.
Relying on that precedent a new convention could call a referendum, allow everybody in the USA to vote in it, and not give the state legislatures any say in the matter. In fact they could abolish the states altogether.
Yes, but that convention was not an Article 5 convention. geez.
No, it was an Article 13 convention, which had even less power than an Article 5 convention. The Philadelphia convention’s proposals had to be agreed to first by Congress, and then by every state legislature. An Article 5 convention’s proposals don’t need Congress’s approval at all, and only need 3/4 of the states. And yet despite this limitation it went rogue. What would stop a new convention from relying on that precedent to do the same?
I think you better go read the liberty amendments. Your historical view is dead wrong. The states at the time were promised a bill of rights. Congress followed thru. The states signed onto the Constitution and later ratified 10 of 13 proposed amendments. Since then, states have ratified another 17 amendments. They even reversed a prevous amendment for Prohibition.
The original package of proposed amendments was twelve, not thirteen. Ten of them became the first ten amendments, one eventually became the 27th amendment, and one is still waiting to be ratified.
This is Constitutional nonsense. Here’s actually what happened in 1787…
‘Dry’ run, indeed. Certainly, in the event of a *real* convention of the states, that pesky amendment to the Constitution about permitting just anybody to carry weapons would be gotten rid of, as well as the ability for people to criticize their political betters. Also, there certainly needs to be some channel set up for companies to just write checks directly to legislators instead of this fiction about going through their political campaigns or charities, as well as a much more comfortable retirement package for once they leave DC. Oh, and those restrictions on taxation, gone. The graft potential of being able to directly tax a company who does not agree to their political betters is not to be overlooked.
(/snark)
To Georgfelis – You really should read up on what you’re talking about. The convention you are describing might be some Lefty wet dream, but
You are deluded. There is no way to limit a convention once it is called. The legislators who sent delegates to Philadelphia thought as you do, and found out the hard way what a mistake they’d made.
The States refuse to ratify the proposed Amendments.
That’s what the state legislators who sent delegates to Philly thought. But the convention simply dispensed with the need for their ratification.
No way to limit a convention? That’s ridiculous.
Of course the convention can be limited. To say it can’t be limited is saying anything goes and that the minority will rule over the majority.
Think about what you’re saying.
Why don’t you think about what you’re saying, because you’re not making any sense. There is no way to limit what a convention does. Anything does go, and they can come up with a new way to ratify their work. Such as a nationwide referendum, at which they can come up with a majority made up entirely of the large urban areas they control, and the aliens they would enfranchise.
To Georgfelis – You might want to read up on exactly what it is that you’re talking about. The “convention” that you describe could very well be some Lefty’s wet dream, but the Article
amendments are not allowed to restrict citizens rights or the states. log onto the Cosproject and learn more about it.
Since when? Amendments can do anything they like. If this is the nonsense the “cosproject” has taught you, then it’s not worth the time to look at it.
Great post, I didn’t know the movement was this far along. I suggest the attendees discuss locating the real convention in Canada. If a leftist judge were to issue an injunction against such a convention, s/he would have a hard time enforcing it north of the border.
If the 34-state threshold is met, this becomes a constitutionally MANDATED convention, independent of the Executive, independent of the Legislature, and independent of the Judiciary. No judge, not even the Justices of the Supreme Court, have jurisdiction above and beyond Article V of the Constitution.
SCOTUS didn’t have jurisdiction over a lot of things, until it heard Marbury v. Madison and decided that it had jurisdiction over those things.
I think that they would decline as a political question, but there’s still a lot of chaos that could be imposed by any number of Federal Judges until it could be heard.
This was the one real true time that power has been usurped by a branch of government and the other 2 branches just let it happen.
Federal govt is not allowed to interfere in an Article 5 Convention of the states. Thats why all the states must apply to congress with identicle applications. Congress cannot not deny the convention.
Actually the states don’t have to send anything to congress except the results of the convention and the state legislature votes.
If an amendment, Lets say term limits for congress, is passed by the convention. That amendment goes to the state legislatures for approval or disapproval, simple up or down vote. Oh, no signature by the Gov. of that state is needed either.
So lets say that 39 states legislatures approve of the Term Limits Amendment.
The convention then would compile that information and inform the federal government that Term Limits were now law.
Done, then end.
Or at least that is how it is supposed to be.
Jetwash: Thats why all the states must apply to congress with identicle applications. Congress cannot not deny the convention.
Gremlin1974: Actually the states don’t have to send anything to congress except the results of the convention and the state legislature votes.
Wow, Jetwash actually gets something right. Gremlin is even more ignorant than Jetwash. Gremlin, there can’t even be a convention without the states first applying to Congress to call one.
I don’t think there are enough states in favor of doing away with the Second Amendment to make that happen.
Correct, and in addition A5 is not allowed to restrict the rights of citizens or the states.
It doesn’t matter whether there are enough states. A convention could come up with a new way of ratifying its work that bypasses the states, just as the Philadelphia convention did. It would call a referendum and whatever passed, by a simple majority, would have the legitimacy of a popular mandate, “we the people”. And everyone would be allowed to vote, including aliens — whether legal or not — felons, and minors. They might even give “minority” votes extra weight, just to be sure their work passes.
The Philadelphia didn’t foist the new mode of ratification upon the states. The states all voted to establish ratifying conventions.
The states knew what they were doing when they voted to establish these conventions. Do you?
The ratifying conventions were foisted on the state legislatures. They were not given a choice in the matter. They would either call a convention or one would be called for them. Not having a convention at all was not an option.
No they can’t because they have to follow article 5.
No more than the Philadelphia convention had to follow Article 13.
Ridiculous. Like trying to do needlepoint with a shotgun.
The push for “comprehensive solutions” is usually a trick to bury something lethal under a brush pile of superficially.
Try something more modest which might do some good. If they can pull that off without making a pig’s breakfast of it, then try something more ambitious. Or, better yet, continue to keep it modest.
By “something more modest” I don’t mean this Simulated Convention of States junket—I mean a useful Amendment.
Like what? Neuter the Commerce Clause, perhaps; a great deal of abusive Federal power can go away if they can manage to pass that one.
Perhaps another providing serious punishment for politicians or bureaucrats who make political careers of curtailing the citizenry’s basic civil rights.
Another modest possibility; require any legislature to repeal at least as many old laws as it passes new ones.
In other words, tiny acorns from which mighty oaks might grow; I wouldn’t trust anyone currently active in politics to make the oaks from scratch. Leave the half-vast project fantasies to TV.
A big prize which sounds simple but will be impossible to implement would be a balanced budget amendment. A parliamentary government might be able to make it work, but not a presidential one. The reasons why it would be impossible for the US would require something on the order of a 3000 word essay just to start the ball rolling, and I’m certainly not going to type any such thing in this nasty little box.
Term limits, another viscerally appealing idea, might be more practical. But again, that should be handled by Amendment, not by Convention.
That’s EXACTLY what they intend to do… this is practice, you know, like when you spend 20 or 30 minutes at the driving range or in the batting cage before the real deal. You run the risk here of sounding like you think that you’re the only one who knows what they’re doing. These are state legislators we’re talking about here, with the vast majority of them being as well-versed in the Constitution, legislative protocol, and parliamentary procedure as anyone.
Handled by amendment not by convention? The convention would propose amendments. Should they receive 34 votes to pass, each and every amendment would be sent out for ratification, by the state legislatures. 38 are required to ratify an amendment.
The convention would propose amendments. Should they receive 34 votes to pass,
Where did you get this 34 nonsense? At the convention a simple majority of delegates would be enough to pass any proposal.
each and every amendment would be sent out for ratification, by the state legislatures. 38 are required to ratify an amendment.
Unless the convention decided to have its proposals ratified by some other method, such as a national referendum at which “minorities” got extra votes as reparations for centuries of oppression.
Dubious about this. So enmeshed are matters in our society it seems difficult to make major changes in one area without major ramifications in another. Moreover, so many seem to have so much at stake in maintaining the status quo it’s difficult to believe that major changes are possible, possibly with one exception.
That is, matters become so bad a major clamoring of citizens across the board call for, indeed demand, needed changes. At present, I don’t see things happening, at least in sufficient numbers.
Stay tuned… this is just a warm-up.
Learn more at
I do hope that there are positives coming, yet I pessimistic. I think the size of a population dictates some central control. Of course, the questions are of what and to what degree. Technology also seems to be pushing us along to a brave new world sort of existence. I don’t foresee it retreating.
In addition, there is a prevalent we want what we want and we want it now attitude among any number of people, although it’s difficult to gauge the number. The impression I have is that this is an impediment to standing on, for, principles.
Again if the SHTF, it will be the catalyst that’s needed. Meanwhile, the Feds become even more entangled in our daily lives. There are a magnitude who have no problem with this. I’m not one of them.
. If not now…then when? If
not us… then who?
Visit here to learn more, sign the petition, and sign up to volunteer:
Thanks. Unless Hillary does not take the Oval Office and the GOP does retain a majority in both Houses, my pessimism remains. It seems doubtful to me that a Convention States will take place unless there are some converts from the other side in sufficient numbers to make it happen.
You mentioned getting support from the other side. Weren’t many Bernie Sanders supporters against TPP? And weren’t many Rand Paul supporters against aspects of the drone strikes and how the feds monitor emails, etc? Some of the delegates to the COS simulation may be from the other side. I can’t wait to see if that’s the case and if they collaborate with the other delegates effectively.
Good to see you here.
They can start by repealing the 17th Amendment.
I was in despair, believing that I was the only one here to recognize how the seventeenth amendment had brought or national government’s structure into shambles. The worst possible solution to what was a moderate problem.
The first one should be an easy one to sell, so people don’t get discouraged and give up on the process, as some already have. My suggestion: elected officials cannot exclude themselves from the jurisdiction of any law. Including laws enacted before the Amendment. See Obamacare. As in the writing of the Constitution, men (and woman)of wisdom, need to be involved. (Are there any?)
A budget can be balanced a couple of ways. Well, at least a couple that don’t require creative bookkeeping. The government can reduce spending to match revenue or increase revenue to match spending. Guess which is more likely. We need something more along the lines Dan Mitchell proposes: Limit increases (or decreases – hahaha!)in spending (all spending – on the books, off the books) to no more than 2%. Or limit spending to maybe 18% of GDP, an achievable goal as Mitchell points out.
There has never been a convention called by Congress pursuant to Article V.
There have been, post-ratification of the Constitution, various “conventions of the states.”
To whit: An Article V convention is not a “convention of the states”.
That such a convention would be it’s own independent Constitutional body independent of the states is proof enough that it is not a convention “of the states”.
Incorrect. Conventions were held prior to the adoption of the constitution. The constitution was not the first attempt.
Amendment that were written and passed by congress, negated the need for a convention. Since its representatives of the states that would go to the convention, its aptly named. There is no attempt to write a new constitution.
An Article V convention IS a convention of the states, at least according to some knowledgeable folks in 1789 Virginia.
VA submitted the first Article V application that year and in the resolution referred to the convention as a convention of the states.
Please get your history right. You look foolish when you don’t.
Great to see another sign that this movement is acquiring an aura of inevitability. As a volunteer, I believe it must happen, and it will happen
Great idea. Let’s show the nation what the Founders provided for We the People to do when central government grows too big. Support the movement and get involved. visit. Check out their FB site. They are holding a live FB video broadcast by their founders tonight at 9pm.
I am looking forward to this event. Our country is headed in the wrong direction, and holding a Convention of States is the only thing that is going to get us turned around. This is an important first step to reclaiming our country.
There will be Facebook LIVE discussion about this Tuesday evening at 9pm Eastern. RSVP here:
The time is NOW…Watch & see How we can change the climate and language in
Washington. Its time WE THE PEOPLE stood up…if not us, then who?……..
The only place you will find a solution as big as the problem? Here… An Article V
Convention of States it may be a long shot, but it also is our only shot to
peaceably & constitutionally restore our Constitution….COS Project has 3
SPECIFIC areas for state legislators to focus on:
(a) Impose fiscal restraints on the Federal Government.
(b) Limit the power and jurisdiction of the Federal Government.
(c) Limit the terms of office for federal officials and members of Congress.
These mechanisms will allow the States to reign in the corrupt political system
with term limits and balance budget requirements. 38 states (both houses) are
required for ratification. Inversely 13 state houses can block any proposal.
Visit here to learn more, sign the petition, and volunteer:
Maybe you could get the Feds to send some of their well-armed security forces to simulate how they plan to terminate any uppity insurrections with extreme prejudice.
Now this could be an legitimate concern.
Here is one of my proposed Amendments:
Entitlement, Federal Pension, Federal Reserve Reform Amendment, and Bureaucracy Ending Amendment and to Check Congress, Executive Orders, and Federal Courts as Well as to Stop Subsidizing of Lobbyists(28th Amendment)
Section 1.
All entitlement programs are hereby transferred to state control. This includes social security and others. All that people pay into shall now have their funds managed by a third party entity rather than any governmental agency. The federal government shall not be able to spend the savings accounts of its citizens.
Section 2.
All matters that may go across state lines shall be managed by an interstate committee, appointed by the states themselves. The member amounts may vary as necessary but each state shall have to reach agreement in matters of disputes between states.
Section 3.
Effective upon ratification, all new federal employees shall pay no less than 50% of their own pensions and other pay into program.
Section 4.
The heads of the Federal Reserve shall now be appointed by the several States and may be removed from office for bad behavior.
Section 5.
All federal departments shall sunset within six months of the ratification of this amendment unless they are individually voted to continue by legislatures of 3/5 of the several States. All departments made after the ratification of this amendment shall sunset every three years unless they are voted to continue by the legislatures of 3/5 of the several States. When they sunset, all their regulations shall be automatically repealed and defunded and the weapons that every dissolved bureaucracy has shall be given over to the United States military for use.
Section 6.
Upon the request of 3/5 of the legislatures of the several states, a Congressional law, executive order, or federal decision may be overturned. Also, by a vote of the majority of both Houses of Congress and a signature of the President, a federal court decision may also be overturned (though this can be undone by 3/5 of the legislatures of the several States.)
Section 7.
Upon the vote of 3/5 of the Supreme Courts of the several states, a federal court decision shall be overturned. Upon the vote of 3/5 of the Supreme Courts of the several States, a Congressional bill shall be overturned.
Section 8.
a.) No federal money may be given via subsidies to any group which lobbies any level of government or donates to candidates for any level of government.
b.) No business may be bailed out of bankruptcy using federal money.
c.) No federal money shall be given to a private foundation to try and bypass a and b.
Here is another Amendment of mine:
An Amendment to Amend the Treaty Clause and Protect National Sovereignty and Security as well As State and Local Police Forces and to Restore the 4th Amendment (29th Amendment)
Section 1.
The Treaty clause is hereby amended to require 3/5 of Senators rather than 2/3 of Senators present.
Section 2.
After a treaty is put out, the treaty can be repealed by 3/5 of the state legislators voting to nullify it within 18 months, after which, they cannot nullify it.
Section 3.
The details of the treaty, in full, SHALL be presented to the legislatures of the several states, no later than a week after 2/3 of the Senators present have voted to approve it. The treaty shall not go into effect unless 3/5 of the States have no blocked it within the required time. Shall the federal government neglect to provide states info or have hidden parts of the treaty, the treaty shall be considered null and void. The same shall hold true if the President and/or other members of the executive branch similarly withhold such information from the Senate or without it until after the Senate ratifies it.
Section 4.
International agreements or any deal with a group outside the nation that obliges the United States to abide by any conditions shall be considered a treaty and must go through the ratification process proscribed as such.
Section 5.
Shall the President or other members or the executive branch breach Section 4., he/she/they shall be instantly dismissed for bad behavior.
Section 6.
The state and local police forces shall NOT be subject to federal oversight and the control of the National Guard for each state shall rest with the governor. The right of any state to police itself shall NOT be infringed unless in a state of open rebellion or upon the concurrence of a majority of the several States.
Section 7.
If the federal government shall refuse to secure the border of a state from invasion by illegal aliens or shall fail in its duty to protect the people from invasion, either foreign or domestic, the state may act even without the approval of the federal government.
Section 8.
The 4th Amendment is hereby applied to all technologies, current and future. The federal government shall not contract 3rd party companies to harvest data on its citizens to try and get around this provision The federal government may not hand out information about individuals either directly or through a third party to another party unless it is part of a criminal investigation or similar matter. State governments are hereby given power to see that this Amendment is enforced within their jurisdiction.
Section 9.
No federal officeholder or candidate may accept donations from any foreign group or leader nor may they use a private foundation to do so.
Here is another amendment:
An Amendment to Limit the Jurisdiction of the Federal Courts, Have the States Control Federal Appointments, Limit Congressional Bills, Limit the Power of the President, and to Allow States to Investigate the Federal Government (30th Amendment)
Section 1.
All appointments for executive or judicial offices shall be confirmed by 3/5 of the several States instead of 2/3 of the Senate. Shall 10 successive appointments for the above fail, the states shall nominate their own person for the position and confirmation shall be by 3/5 of the several States and this shall keep applying for each new person till a person is chosen.
Section 2.
Upon the request of 10 states, members, appointed by 10 more random states, shall begin into the federal government. They shall have 59 members in total on the committee. Decisions shall be done by the majority and shall be final except in the case of section 2. The decision in can be overridden by 30 or more states. Nobody shall serve on this committee for more than four years.
Section 3.
In all the cases in Article 3 Section 2 where Congress can limit the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, 3/5 of the states can also limit it, and such limitation shall not be overridden by Congress or any other federal agency. 3/5 of the states may dissolve a lower federal court and 3/5 of the states can set the jurisdiction of a lower federal court that again, such limitations shall not be overridden by Congress or any other federal agency.
Section 4.
By the vote of 3/5 of the states within 180 days of a veto, the States may override a Presidential veto. By a vote of 3/5 of both Houses of Congress within 180 days of the veto, Congress may override a Presidential veto. By a vote of 3/5 of the states, the President may be removed from office. The President shall not be allowed to exercise line item vetoes. The President may not pardon anyone within his or her administration or that had been part of his/her administration. Upon the vote of 3/5 vote of both Houses of Congress or upon the vote of 3/5 of the legislatures of the several states, a Presidential Pardon may be overturned. Neither the President nor any other member of the executive may set up courts or tribunals that only answer to the executive branch for their authority or decision making.
Section 5.
No Congressional bill shall exceed 1000 pages. Congress shall make no law, nor shall any regulation be enforced that exempts any elected or appointed official, nor any employee, contractor, staffer, intern, or volunteer of any branch of the government from the restrictions binding upon the people. All bills must have a subject matter header that shall not exceed 10 pages that shall determine the subject of each bill. Nothing in the bill may deviate from what is in this section. All Congressional bills must be available for public viewing by the general public at least thirty days between the time the bill is fully engrossed and when it is taken up for a vote.
Section 6.
All spending measures must be passed by Congress as standalone bills and shall require renewal every year. Everything that is not passed shall be automatically defunded.
Here is yet another amendment:
Congressional Term Limit and Lobbying Ban Amendment and Gerrymandering Elimination Amendment and Pay and Benefits Limitation Amendment and Other Term Limits (31st Amendment)
Section 1.
The term of the Senate is reduced from six years to two years.
Section 2.
No member of Congress may serve more than eight years in total, either exclusively in one chamber or in a combination of both.
Section 3.
No member of the federal government or their staffers may be lobbyists five years before their service, during their service, or for five years thereafter.
Section 4.
Members who have served more than eight years but are midterm after the passage of the amendment can serve the rest of their term but must leave upon completion of their term.
Section 5.
Immediately upon ratification, all pay and benefits for a Congressman shall be determined by the state that they represent and paid for out of the treasury of said state.
Section 6.
Congress may not draw up its own districts nor may it contract an agency to do so but the districts shall be drawn up by a third party chosen by a majority of the several states.
Section 7.
For all other federal office holders other than the Congress and the federal courts, the maximum amount of time one may hold the office shall be 20 years. All members in office over 20 years, other than the aforementioned ones, shall leave immediately.
Here is yet another amendment:
Federal Court Term Limit Amendment (32nd Amendment)
Section 1.
No person may serve as Chief Justice or Associate Justice of the Supreme Court for more than a combined total of twelve years.
Section 2.
Immediately upon ratification of this Amendment, Congress will organize the justices of as equally as possible into three classes, with the justices assigned to each class in reverse seniority order, with the most senior justices in the earliest class. The terms of office for the justices in the First Class will expire at the end of the fourth Year following the ratification of this Amendment, the terms for the justices in the Second Class will expire at the end of the eighth year, the terms for the justices in the Third Class shall expire at the end of the twelfth year, so that one-third of the justices shall be chosen every fourth year.
Section 3.
When a vacancy occurs in the Supreme Court, the President shall nominate a new justice who, with the approval of a 3/5 of the several States, shall serve the remainder of the unexpired term. Justices who fill a vacancy for longer than half of an unexpired term may not be renominated to a full term.
Section 4.
All lower federal courts shall also have term limits of 12 years at most and shall have the same rules on 1-3 as the Supreme Court.
Section 5.
All members of any federal court must be U.S. born and must be at least 30 years of age.
Here is an amendment that should fix the impasse to voter ID and other things.
An Amendment to Fix the Voting System (33rd Amendment)
Section 1
Each state shall set its own rules for all elections, including federal, provided that they follow the US Constitutional requirements for voting under Amendment 15, Amendment 19, Amendment 24, and Amendment 26.
Section 2
In the event that the federal government argues that the states are discriminating, the federal government may bring a suit, but the suit shall be dismissed by the vote of a majority of the legislatures of the several states.
Section 3
In the event that no candidate gets 270 votes in the electoral college in the general election, a runoff shall be held between those with the two highest votes and whoever wins the runoff shall be the new President. The runoff shall be held no later than three weeks after the original general election.
And.
For more information, go to and and see these following videos:.
With the upcoming “dry run”, the movement for me starts taking on an aura if inevitability. I believe it is precisely because it is the only peaceful way out of the mess we are in. Want to become a part of history? Then join us.A1HotBabeDoll
blowjob!I am asian,nice,caring ,loving and honest.... Petite slender Asian Sugar Princess here to blow off your mind Expect the unexpected Mwahhhh
Dominatrix, Kissing, Legs, feet & shoes, Lingerie & stockings, Nails, Outfits, Role playing, Strip-teasePetite slender Asian Sugar Princess here to blow off your mind Expect the unexpected Mwahhhh
A1HotBabeDoll
I would like to be hugged by a real man, to feel love and his arms around my sweet body. Be my lover tonight and You will see how I can fulfill all Your secret desires.
rubbing her sexy fat hairy ass
rubbing her sexy fat hairy assHairy;Hidden Camsclever take on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict
Play Raid Gaza right now on KBH Games. One of many Strategy Games for your entertainment. Raid Gaza is part of our Gaza, Raid, and Strategy catalog of games. If you like Raid Gaza, also try out Spider-man City Raid, Punk Raid, and Raid Mission. We have the best collection of Online Games from the most talented game developers and publishers. Raid Gaza received.Scottish-Appalachian Holidays with Pete Clark & Gregor Lowrey, with Walt Michael & Co.
Westminster | Website
This event occurred in the past.
Map
Scottish musicians Pete Clark and Gregor Lowrey cross the pond to join forces with Walt Michael & Co. in this special holiday event! Famed for their dance music in Scotland and the UK, fiddle player Pete Clark and accordion player Gregor Lowrey add the sparkle and toe-tapping rhythms of their native land to the Southern Appalachian, bluegrass, and original music of hammered dulcimer virtuoso Walt Michael. A great way to launch the holiday season!FindOwnerSearch
Brands and Their Owners
Patent Number: 9386916
Patent Date: 2016-07-12
Patent type: utility
A three-blade spinal retractor utilizes adjustable and lockable translating arms with angulating blades to provide triangulated medial/lateral and cephalad/caudal tissue retraction for spinal surgeries via the adjustably lockable translating arms. A medial/lateral translating arm with an angularly adjustable retraction blade co-acts and cooperates with angularly adjacent first and second cephalad/caudal translating arms with angularly adjustable retraction blades for tissue retraction and surgical site access. A plate having a medial/lateral adjustment system adjustably holds the medial/lateral translating arm, a first cephalad/caudal adjustment system adjustably holding the first cephalad/caudal translating arm and a second cephalad/caudal adjustment system adjustably holding the second cephalad/caudal translating arm. The translating arms each have a blade holder that provides angular adjustment of the blade. Angular adjustment of each blade along with medial/lateral and cephalad/caudal adjustment provides improved preciseness and stability in positioning, tissue distraction, and surgical site access.
Inventors
IPCs
Assignee […]
Cigar Review: Crux Epicure Robusto
Coco .
Directing:
- Lee Unkrich
Writing:
- Adrian Molina
- Matthew Aldrich
- Lee Unkrich
- Release Date: 2017-10-27
- Views: 20
- Country: US
- Language: English | Español
- Runtime: 109
- Budget: $175,000,000
- Revenue: $590,447,385
Benjamin Bratt
Ernesto de la Cruz (voice)
Ana Ofelia Murguía
Mamá Coco (voice)
Anthony Gonzalez
Miguel (voice)
Gael García Bernal
Héctor (voice)
Renée Victor
Abuelita (voice)
Alanna Ubach
Mamá Imelda (voice)
Edward James Olmos
Chicharrón 
Happy.
These are the 10 Sheets/Set Feather Flower Nail Art Water Decals Set BORN PRETTY W11-W20 , each sheet has two different patterns in size enough to make two full manicures. So out of these you can make at least 20 manicures! To see all the decals in detail please check my post here.
Today I have another 3 my favorite of all ten, I used a pale shade (Essie Great expectations) as a base for sponging with neon colours: OPI Push and pur-pull, OPI Down to the Core-al, OPI Hotter than you pink and OPI Life gave me lemons, and applied decals on every nail from the Sheet BP-W20 and I sealed with a top coat.
Remember you can have 10% off of your purchase by entering my code at checkout: DBL91
Valid for not discounted items.
Happy Friday to you too, lovely Natalia! Do you know what I am going to say now? I love love love your manicures! The first one looks amazing with the sponging underneath the decal. Great colour mix. The second one is absolutely adoreable with it's soft gradient and the delicate motive.
The third one also looks cute but is my least favourite. I don't like the green as much, but it still looks good with your skintone.
Have a great weekend!
xo, Pia
thank you Pia! you're always so kind :)
It is always so amazing to see what you can do with these things which I wouldn't be able to start with in any ways. Both of the gradients (the pink and the blue one) look so awesome. I hope I can drop by one day and get my nails done by you :-****
Me gusta el segundo diseño de water decals ^^
Bss.
These water decals from Born Pretty store is impressive, I received a eyeshadow palette from them and the quality is great too. Have fun with your parents, Nati, I can imaging how much your missed them. xx
Shireen | Reflection of Sanity
Todas me encantan y saber que estuvieron a menos de 1 dolar y no las compre me da tristeza sobre todo cuando miro tus manicuras tan geniales ahhh felicitaciones bella.
Amo los decals, me gustó mucho como los combinaste con los colores! Que bonito que queda OPI Push and pur-pull sobre un color claro, lo había visto solo y no me llamó la atención, así queda muchísimo mejor.
Besos,
first one is amazing. I love gradient background :') . But all the decals are beautiful <3
This is stunning, the colours look gorgeous with the decals! I really do like the combination, it looks so dreamy! I love the other two manicures you created too, all the decas are cute :D Have a great weekend! xx
This looks stunning! These decals are really something! :D Great review. xx
The decals are awesome! !:)
Well, BPS makes really beautiful water decals! :-) Beautiful manicures! :-)
Such a pretty selection of decals :-D
Nice decals. The first mani is my favorite, I like those colors :3
These are so beautiful! I love how you wore them and the unique touches you added :)
Beautiful nail art Natalia!!!! Love this!!!
so beautiful :)Problem mobotix when update, add accounts, printing, importing, exporting, updating, uninstalling, removing, deleting, download, install, open, launch, sync on Windows 9,8.1,8,7,vista,xp,10 or Office 2010,2007,2016,365,2013 and applications Access, OneNote, Project, Visio, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Word, Publisher editions Home and Student, Standard, Professional, Professional Plus, Students and Teachers, Academic, Home and Business an authority select the below image to get started on chatting with a professional.
Solution,Guide,Steps to repair the error mobotix
Chat with a professional technician now by clicking the image down below.
Posted In: Microsoft Error CodesHome Aadhaar Card Contact Us
URL Submission
Tour n Travel
Products
Pincode India Search India
Herbalife Club
Recipes
Jabalpur Engineering College has been one of the leading institutes for providing quality technical education in a variety of disciplines. On 7 July 1947 Jabalpur Engineering College or Government Engineering College or GEC Jabalpur was established. The college was affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi Technical University Bhopal (M.P.) The college was declare autonomous in 1998-1999 by the Government of Madhya Pradesh. In June 2010 it was declared deemed university
Facilities:
Computers Facility
Cafeteria
Health Care
Sports
Transportation
Library Facility
Auditorium
Under Graduate Courses:
B.E. (Electronics and Communication Engineering)
B.E. (Computer Science Engineering)
B.E. (Mechanical Engineering)
B.E. (Information Technology Engineering)
B.E. (Civil Engineering)
B.E. (Industrial & Production Engineering)
B.E. (Electrical Engineering)
Eligibility Criteria
To take the admission in BE / B Tech / UG / Undergraduate courses candidate passed 10+2 or equivalent in Science stream with Maths, from the Institution recognized by RGPV, Bhopal ( Technical University of M.P.) & govt. of M.P.
Admission Procedure:
Admission is based on State level Pre-Engineering Test, MP-PET conducted every year by the Madhya Pradesh Professional Examination Board Bhopal and AIEEE.
Post Graduate Courses:
Civil Engineering
Electrical Engineering
Electronics & Telecom Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Applied Physics
Applied Chemistry
Applied Mathematics
M.C.A. (Masters in Computer Applications)
M.E. : Candidate admitted to M.Tech. should have at least 60% marks at B.Tech. level at desired stream.
MCA Courses : Candidate passed the graduation from recognized University and studied Mathematics as a compulsory subject, at 10+2 level.
M.E. : Candidate appear in Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE)
MCA Courses : Candidate take the admission through counseling by RGPV Bhopal /DTE Govt. of M.P.Best Way to Remove Alpha Crypt Virus from Your PC – Ransomware Removal GuidePublished May 5th, 2015 by Yolanda
Yesterday a pop-up ad named Alpha Crypt showed up on my screen and said all my important files had been encrypted. I was scared and had no idea what to do. Am I infected? Can I get all my files back?
Similar to TeslaCrypt, Alpha Crypt is a kind of ransomware designed to encrypt target computers so as to trick users’ money and damage operating system. As soon as this malicious program gets into your computer, it will scan all your data files and lock them. The victims who are infected with Alpha Crypt will see a window box showing the instruction on how to get all your data files back. Obviously, the way to decrypt the code needs certain payment. If you try to restart your computer after the infection with Alpha Crypt, you will find it unnecessary because it comes up to you every single time you start your computer. All you have to do is to get rid of it immediately,but most users cannot find this ransomware until their files have been encrypted. To avoid this case, you should install a antivirus program and let it detect your computer every time starting the PC. If you have been infected, try to use a removal tool to remove it completely.
How does Alpha Crypt do harm to you?
Once this ransomware is installed on your PC, a folder named %AppData% will be created and it has the ability to scan your drive letters to search for data files and encrypt them. Then all your files will be locked and you will be told to pay for the keys for decrypting the code. Besides, it provides an application which claims to help you decrypt all your data files. You can see both “Update” and “Install” buttons on the pop-up ads. Do not click one of them or cyber criminals will achieve their goals.
The extensions Alpha Crypt targets
Option 1 : Manual Removal
STEP 1: Show hidden files
- Press Windows + R keys together.
- Type control in the blank.
- Choose Folder Options.
- Select Show hidden files,folders,and drives.
- Do not choose Hide protected operating system files( Recommended).
Delete all of them
%Temp%
C:\<random>\<random>.exe
%AppData%
%LocalAppData%
%ProgramData%
%WinDir%
STEP 2: Delete all registry entries related to the ransomware.
Press Windows + R keys together.
Type regedit in the blank.
Find the related malicious programs and delete all of them.
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINESoftwareMicrosoftWindows NTCurrentVersionRandom HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINESOFTWAREMicrosoftWindowsCurrentVersionpoliciesExplorerrunRandom.exeo’
Option 2: Automatic Removal
STEP 1: Remove Trojan with SpyHunter.
Download SpyHunter for free. ↓↓
Click Run to install SpyHunter after a few minutes’ download.
Click Start New Scan to scan your computer completely.
It will take several minutes to detect the threats.
Click button Fix Threats when finishing your scanning.
_12<<
3. When the installation is finished, Click button Click to Start Scan.
4. Click button Fix All to clean your computer
Note:
Manual removal may be a little difficult and users need to be very careful with the process because one mistake will cause a big trouble. Automatic removal with SpyHunter and RegCure Pro is the best way for users to get rid of virus completely and safely. For your security, you are recommended to use automatic removal tool. Hope you remove this vicious virus from you PC successfully with my helps!!A man with the actual name “Orlando Parfitt” is reporting a bit of a spoiler for the Watchmen movie, although anyone who would not want to know has surely heard by now.
The Huge, Annoying Tentacles that unite the world at the end of the Watchmen graphic novel? Toast.
Personally, I am bummed. Mostly because of my affinity for drippy trippy squippy things. A comment on the Newsarama announcement of this development contained a sentiment that sums up my remorse.
Spaz_Monkey wrote:
To be fair, the Squid Monster has a definite “Georgia O’Keefe” feel to it, if you know what I mean. I dunno how well that would be translated in the movie.?
The big question: What have you got against the squid?!
Zack Snyder: I had a bad calamari experience as a child! Look I’ve got nothing against the squid. When I sat down with the studio and talked about the film, we had to make a decision about what stuff we included and what stuff we wouldn’t. For me Watchmen is all about the characters, whereas if we included the squid, I would have to illustrate it in the story and cut out some of the character. So I wanted more character and less story.
So we came up with something else –.
Dave Gibbons: The tone of the graphic novel – the message, the moral ambiguity – has still been left intact. Also it’s not a squid; it’s a fifth dimensional phalymap.
3 responses to “The Watchmen Lost Their Squid.”
Don’t know Promethea? You really should. Matthew Craig once wrote the sweetest review ever. It has always captured the essence for me.
Enjoy this excerpt:.
Cue legions of demons, trying to stop Sophie from becoming the new Promethea, while the last surviving host tries to enlist the aid of all the Prometheas that have gone before. Throw in a multiple personality mayor (whose psyche is so fractured, even his personality facets have their own problems), a science-fiction New York, with flying cars and floating billboards (with comicbook advertisements – how fictional is that?), and a team of white-collar adventurers who are really just Five Swell Guys, and you have the first chapter in the story of Promethea. While the comic has a lot of the trappings that one would normally associate with superhero books – secret origins, special powers, nefarious villains, corsets, and so on – Promethea is really about other, more enlightened things.
Promethea is probably the single best new comicbook of the last ten years. It’s certainly the most beautiful. J.H. Williams, Mick Gray and Jeremy Cox provide the acme of artwork. Even when depicting the “real” world, the pages exhibit a stunning depth of field, and a mastercraftsman-like attention to detail. Williams, Grey et al. play with the page layout as often as not, giving the comic an aesthetic freshness that even the better of the more traditional books lack.
Promethea is a visually stunning book which can be read on as many levels as you feel you need: as a straight adventure book; as a meandering journey through the imagination; as a philosophical and magical primer; or as the happiest, most hope-filled book this side of The Little Book of Calm. However you read it, make sure that you do, for Promethea is probably the richest, smartest, most worthwhile comicbook this writer has ever read. It’s funny. Intellectually, it takes you places that you might otherwise pass by. It makes the world a better place.
In short, it’s magic.
When fiends of lovecraftian horror are commonly known, and described, as “squid” … it’s time to up the level of undefinability. It’s supposed to be indescribable horror … so going away from the classic mythos definition might be a good thing. In general, it’s what the thing does that’s important, not so much what it is.
Another comic reccomended is Batman: The Killing Joke. It is another comic written by Alan Moore.
So to the squid thing, disappointing, I hope they come up with something good and not too cliche or too Hollywood.A mom post tonight….
It’s become part of our routine to see Lily’s birth parents every few months. We really enjoy seeing them: watching the expression on their faces when they see how much she has grown and what she can do. There is something immensely fulfilling about watching her birth dad hold her for an entire meal and just feeling the love he has for her fill the room and we are always very aware that we hit the jack-pot when it comes to birth parents. We know that our situation is a little unique – most people think of open adoptions as exchanging photos and maybe a yearly visit – but despite my original thoughts, I’m so happy that this is the relationship we have, and will continue to have so that Lily can know her entire family – including her new little sister.
Lily’s birth parents had a beautiful baby girl earlier this year and we were able to set up a visit so we could meet her. It was certainly a bit surreal to sit across from the 4 of them and see the family that could have been – to see the resemblance between Lily and this new baby, to see what characteristics they share even though they’re not together: the short catnaps, sucking on their bottom lips, their tiny ears. We often make jokes about what Lily has “inherited” from us, but sometimes it’s incredibly cool to see genetics at work.
We had a visit to the Eye Clinic at Sick Kids last week, which is not one of Lily’s favourite places. Lily’s sight, prior to the Cardiac Arrest, was something that we were actually really pleased with. She was lucky enough to not have any of the eye issues that kids with Down Syndrome are more prone to (cataracts, issues with focus, etc). However, after her cardiac arrest, one of the biggest developments was a Cortical Visual Impairment and for a long time we were very fearful that she was completely blind. We have been lucky to see a massive improvement with her eyesight but her right eye still shows a significant strabismus (turning in) and we’re still having some issues with her tear ducts watering. So, after sitting through the dreaded eye drops and then cutting her nap short to have the doctors touch her eyes (ophthalmology appointments never go well in our house), it was decided that it’s time to book a surgery to fix both issues. We don’t have a date booked as of yet, and we’re also getting in touch with our pediatrician about setting up a complex care consultation to hopefully deal with some other issues while she’s out for this surgery (we’re hoping to minimize the number of times she has to be put under anesthesia). We don’t love the idea of surgery but when you weigh out the risk vs the benefits, we know that it’s time.Book Garden Project
The client was Tehran Municipality who intended to build a complex for book exhibition, library and a theater. The Architect was Mr. Tehranchi from Haste Tarahi office. I was acting as the facade designer and later project manager for a year. we installed more than 10,000 m2 glass panels. We used 3 layer sunergy glass panels to control the incoming light and reducing U.V and infrared. We also designed the roofing glass which you can walk on for maintenance while keeping all energy factors in mind.
- Installation
- On the roofCommercial Product Manager
Leading Software House
Thames Valley
Permanent
Salary £60,000+
An excellent opportunity for a commercially focused product manager to join a leading global software comoany. Responsible for independently collecting, compiling and presenting meaningful and timely market and competitor intelligence to facilitate product/marketing strategy and executive decision making.
You will be responsible for researching and analyzing competitor products, key competitor activities, marketing initiatives, business results, and organisational activities and provide detailed analytics & strategic recommendations to senior management and other stakeholders.
Main responsibilities:
•Develop competitive analysis to support strategic initiatives, process improvements, projects and customer satisfaction.
•Use business research and analysis skills to help move products forward and stay ahead of the competition.
•Develop a deep understanding of market and competitive drivers key to the continued growth our business.
•Develop strategic relationships within the research analyst community and leverage their knowledge to develop an internal point of view of the industry.
•Help inform the product management team on refining product roadmap decisions as needed.
•Conduct win/loss analysis to understand strengths and weaknesses against competitor products.
•Develop a deep understanding of competitor price and license methodology to assess opportunities to target competitors.
•Design, develop, and implement management reports/analytical tools tracking market share, usage and other parameters for use in setting prices.
Skills &AccorHotels and Dubai World Trade Centre have announced the first 25hours Hotels property outside of Europe.
The.
The hotel will become the first upscale addition to an existing 1,210-room cluster of AccorHotels’ award-winning economy and midscale brands at the DWTC complex.
ADVERTISEMENT
Christoph Hoffmann, chief executive,.”
Established in 2005, 25hours Hotels has revolutionized the hospitality industry in Europe with its rich personality and relaxed service.
With an emphasis on social dining concepts, adventure and cutting-edge design, each 25hours Hotel has been shaped into a vibrant community hub.
Olivier Granet, managing director,.”.About Romania and Her People: Storm Large
English: I sing in fourteen languages, but Romanian is one of the most beautiful languages I have ever heard.
Romanian: Cânt în paisprezece limbi, dar româna este una dintre cele mai frumoase limbi pe care le-am auzit.
– Storm Large is an American singer, songwriter, actor, and author. She attracted national attention (in the United States) as a contestant on the CBS reality television show Rock Star: Supernova. A vocalist with a bigger-than-life stage persona, she is a graduate of the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York and is one of the two vocal soloists of the famous American band Pink Martini.
AdvertisementsSEATTLE (April 14, 2015) – With 55 days until the USA’s opening match of the 2015 FIFA Women’s World Cup, the U.S. Women’s National Team (U.S. WNT) have announced the roster who will represent the United States on women’s soccer’s grandest stage. Included in U.S. WNT head coach Jill Ellis’ 23-player roster is Seattle Reign FC goalkeeper Hope Solo and midfielder Megan Rapinoe.
Solo has 161 starts with the U.S. WNT and has amassed 82 shutouts in her career, both leading marks for a goalkeeper in WNT history. She will be competing in her third World Cup and has played a total of 10 World Cup games. In 2011, Solo has a standout performance at the Women’s World Cup in Germany where she played ever minute of the tournament and won the Golden Glove award.
,” said Solo. “Anything can happen. You work for four years to make another roster and another roster and so it was just a nice dose of reality to know that I officially made the roster.”
This will be Rapinoe’s second Women’s World Cup of her career. One of the USA’s most skillful attackers and goal scorers, Rapinoe jumped to the forefront of women’s soccer after sending the cross that Abby Wambach headed home in the dying seconds of extra time against Brazil in the 2011 FIFA Women’s World Cup quarterfinal. The midfielder recently received her 100th cap, becoming the 31st woman in USWNT history to achieve the century mark.
“It’s so exciting. The World Cup is everything. To be able to say that in my career, this will be the second one I am going to go to is really special. It definitely doesn’t get old by any means,” said Rapinoe. “I am thrilled and I can’t wait. It feels like it’s getting to that time and the energy is really rising. Everyone is really excited.”.
.
2015 United States FIFA:
• The 2015 FIFA Women’s World Cup will be the seventh time FIFA stages the event and the first to include 24 nations, up from 16 that participated in the previous four editions. The 1991 and 1995 Women’s World Cups featured 12 teams.
•).
•.
• Rampone is the last remaining active player from the 1999 FIFA Women’s World Cup championship team.
•.
• Lori Chalupny becomes the second player in U.S. history to be named to non-consecutive Women’s World Cup rosters, following Brandi Chastain (1991, 1999). Chalupny was a member of the 2007 Women’s World Cup team.
•).
• The players making their first Women’s World Cup roster are: Ashlyn Harris, Alyssa Naeher, Whitney Engen, Julie Johnston, Meghan Klingenberg, Morgan Brian, Sydney Leroux and Christen Press.
• Johnston and Brian were a part of the U.S. team that won the 2012 FIFA U-20 Women’s World Cup in Japan.
• Naeher, Leroux, Klingenberg, and Morgan were a part of the U.S. team that won the 2008 FIFA U-20 Women’s World Cup in Chile.
• O’Reilly, Harris and Chalupny were a part of the U.S. team that won the 2002 FIFA U-19 Women’s World Cup in Canada.
• Fifteen players on the roster have played for the USA in a FIFA Women’s World Cup at the youth level.
• Brian is the youngest player on the team at 22. Johnston is 23. Rampone is the oldest player at 39 and will turn 40 during the tournament onJune 24. Boxx is 38.
• All nine NWSL clubs are represented on the roster with the Chicago Red Stars and FC Kansas City having four players each.
•.
• Back-up goalkeepers Harris (6 caps) and Naeher (1) are the least-capped players on the roster.
• The roster averages 101 caps per player and has a combined total of 122 Women’s World Cup matches.
• The average age of the U.S. roster is 28 years old.
• Eight players have previously scored in a Women’s World Cup tournament, totaling 27 goals.
• Of the 13 players who played in the 2012 Olympic gold medal game, 11 were named to this Women’s World Cup roster.
• Six players on the roster are from California, while four are from New Jersey, two from Georgia, and two are from St. Louis, Mo..The cast features Ariel Woodiwiss, Anthony Comis and Tony Chiroldes, who each make their City Theatre debuts, as well as Pittsburgh actors Kimberly Parker Green and Robin Abramson.
Opening night is set for March 6 for a run through March 22.
Here's how the work is billed: "Blue-collar Buffalo, New York meets beachfront splendor when Devon visits the sprawling Martha's Vineyard estate where her sister Simone is employed as a personal assistant. Simone's new gig is complete with a six-figure salary, a preppy boyfriend with a yacht, and a handsome clothing allowance — all courtesy of trophy wife Michaela, her boss. But when Michaela crashes the sisters' weekend, Devon learns the price for the pampered life."
In addition to Elemeno Pea, playwright Metzler is the author of Close Up Space (Manhattan Theatre Club, Susan Smith Blackburn finalist), Carve (Tristan Bates Theatre-London), Training Wisteria (Cherry Lane Mentor Project, The Kennedy Center KCACTF) and her newest play, The May Queen (Chautauqua Theatre Company).
The creative team includes Tony Ferrieri (scenic design), Robert C.T. Steele (costume design), Andrew David Ostrowski (lighting design) and Ryan McMasters (sound design). City Theatre is located at 1300 Bingham Street in Pittsburgh, PA 15203 (South Side). For more information and tickets, call (412) 431-2489 or visit CityTheatreCompany.org.What.
The earth is a very symbiotic neighbourhood. Everything is here for a reason. There are no useless hitch hikers on Earth. It would seem logical that oil enjoyed a working relationship with whatever else was in its vicinity.
There are food chains and eco pyramids in place everywhere. Weather patterns and tides and seasons. Each leans on the other to create the natural world we know today.
I don't know much about oil but I can speculate. As far as I know oil takes a long time to form. There was once an awful lot of it. Seems our earth's belly must have been practically saturated with the stuff. Why was there so much? What did it do? Using the theory that everything on earth has a use, then the oil must have been doing something. Was it lubricating the tectonic plates? Or was there already a broken eco pyramid that had allowed this huge build up? Did the dinosaurs die so quickly that their bodies piled up and began forming this colossal reservoir of oil?
Not so long ago there was an explorer who discovered an orchid in some dark jungle. Its flower cup was so deep that no known insect could help it pollinate. It's a well known fact that moths help pollinate orchids. Many orchids have a specially adapted moth that can perform this tricky task. The explorer could not figure out how this orchid could multiply. He speculated that a moth with an extraordinarily long slender beak must exist to perform this task. So he kept watch for a very long time till finally one night he was rewarded. Sure enough his mystery moth appeared out of the dark with a bill like a fencing sword and did the deed. My point being that the there did exist a symbiotic relationship that the explorer was able to speculate based on other case studies.
In the modern periodic table there are boxes reserved for elements that have not yet been discovered. Scientists know they exist because there are gaps in their mathematics. Mathematics apparently never lie.
So oil: what does it do? Or more to the point what was its job on Earth that it's no longer doing? Why was there so much? In nature when a predator is removed from the food chain, herbivores tend to prosper. This happened in Scotland when the wolves and bears and wild cats were removed, the land became overrun by deer (and crazy Scotsmen) who in turn overgrazed the land that had in turn been laid barren by the industrial revolution. What would prey on oil? Did oil have a predator? Fire?
Nowadays, due to the eternal movement of the continental plates, much of the Earth's oil is under sea beyond the natural reach of fire. Without the predation of fire, has oil continued to mass produce on its own faster than it can break down. Was oil the very basis of life on the planet? Was it life at its crudest form ready to seep into the soil at a pre ordained trickle rate? I guess now is the time to face the argument that perhaps man is now the only real predator of oil. He may well be but why would he wish to make it extinct? Is it a symbiotic relationship? No it's not.
In a hunter/prey relationship, how fast is the hunter? Just fast enough… sometimes. How fast is the prey? Not fast enough… sometimes. In the mankind/oil relationship, we have a one sided genocide in the favour of humanity. In mankind's case we (the masses) generally have only a casual gas pump relationship with oil. Yes it makes our societies run but this is probably only a passing phase of history. "This is the tail end of the Petroleum Age." Kind of like the Stone Age, Iron Age etc. The oil will run out. It's simple arithmetic. When will it run out? More simple arithmetic. What will happen then? There will be some chaos then the world of men will focus elsewhere or we'll all kill each other and we'll revert back to the Stone Age. In truth, most of us don't care about oil. Even those who think they do. It's a background noise. This being the case then it must be said that man and oil are currently involved in an economic power issue within a species. However it does affect other parallel food chains and eco systems. Drilling and spilling. Refining and storing. Shipping and trading. All of these activities displace flora and fauna world wide. Hopefully the oil will run out soon. It may be the best news this planet's had in centuries unless of course all that oil was actually doing something useful that no one wants to talk about. That might be bad news. Perhaps oil is a barrier?
Are what it is and where it is linked? Was oil a volatile liquid wall that existed between the surface and the furnace at the planet's core? Was it absorbing the inner heat and keeping us cooled? Is global warming in fact coming from our dysfunctional underground heating system? When you think on it, our little crust of life is in a precarious place. A tight spot. Right below our feet we have an inferno. Hovering in the sky above us there is another one. A few degrees difference in our atmospheric temperature would wipe us out. Or maybe the underground oil fields caught all the rock and dirt that must inevitably filter down gravitationally towards the Earths core. The oil would have absorbed them like digestive juices and somehow returned them slowly to the surface as crude oil. Without the help of the subterranean conveyor belt of oil, the earth would have eventually consumed itself. (In fire of all things).
Of course I do not have the answers but I am at least asking questions. The last few years have finally seen a surge of comprehension of the inter relations between every species on Planet Earth. But oil remains a mystery. I can't help wondering if we are afraid to look at the damage we may have done as our leaders pillage for fossil fuel. We fear to peel off that bandage from our poor festering wounded planet. What's underneath? Will it be healthy or will it be gangrene? Will it be too late?
Our leaders make us share the guilt of this raping. They claim they drill to pacify the public demand. It is a circle of abuse. Kids follow their elders' examples. Each generation sees the Earth only as it is: not as it was. The age of the electric car will coincide exactly with the last drips of oil being wrought from the Earth. But we cannot ignore the injuries done to this one solitary habitable planet.
We need a pre-op leader who will take charge immediately and save what he can. Right now our world leaders are business men. They live for profit. It's what they do. They can't help it. Clearly though a business man cannot also be a leader of people because he is consumed foremost with his profits and not for the well being of planets. That's all very well but they need rules to work by. Let them make all the profit they want but they must earn them without harm to the people or planet. You'd imagine that would be easy. But it seems not. Just look around at the wreckage of our home world. This is a galactic disaster.
I imagine that the business world should be relieved to have someone set rules that could define the game. Imagine a football match with only vague regulations and no referees; it would be madness. With a set of business rules that were strictly enforced, the economic game could become far more interesting and participants might even enjoy it more. Right now the corporate mentality is, "If I don't drill/mine/build it, then someone else will." This only hastens the end.
Even as I write, there is an oil spill disaster in the Caribbean. But oil business goes on as normal elsewhere. The countries around the Arctic Circle are looking North to drill more oil. Meanwhile, environmentalists are shouting about the rising sea levels and melting glaciers. Unfortunately they are too easily denounced by the oil men's media outlets as crackpots. Our leaders' stupidity is stunning. They want to drill in the national Wildlife Refuge. Canada has strip mines dredging sludge for crude oil. It's an area so big that it's visible from space. Oil is heading for extinction. Has it no rights as an endangered substance? What can fill that void? ……...
But I digress……... ……Perhaps that vast oil reserve of the pre industrial age was intended as an emergency atmosphere in the event of a fatal worldly disaster. It could be unleashed into the dying atmosphere killing just about everything but putting a protective coating around the planet like paint on a fence post. Over time this black skin would shrink back smaller and smaller till life would once again find itself contemplating its future in a puddle of goo.
Right now we live in a world grown frail and fragile. Our planet is a crossword puzzle with one wrong answer that was inserted early on. It would have been wiser to erase that mistake right then and there but we continued down the junkie path till the answers began to correspond less and less and they finally dried up. Eventaully the puzzle lay undone. There was a solution though. Simply go back. Erase the mistake. Continue on the proper path. I think we all know this but are either afraid to make the commitment or we're frozen like a deer in a headlight.
Oils well that ends well.
PS.
Ever wonder about that asteroid belt we pass through every year. It looks to me suspiciously like debris from a planet that got blown to bits.See How Rachel Parcell’s ‘Pink Peonies’ Brand Inspired One Dreamy Office
MICHI's Sassy Fashion Studio — Workspace Tour what a great space.
Hopefully my future work space :)
♡ SecretGoddess ♡ Best pins I've ever found! Michele Marie PR NYC Office Tour - Inspired by This
Photo area in the studio.Behind the Scenes of Show Me Your Mumu - Inspired By ThisInspired By This
Inside the new Celine HQ in the neoclassical Hôtel Colbert de Torcy on Rue Vivienne in Paris
Studio Tour: Marchesa’s Chelsea Work Space
It Happened Again
The clutter built up. Not in my apartment, but in my car. How did it happen? One moment at a time. One day maybe I felt too tired to take a bag out of my car and it went … 
Posted in Uncategorized Leave a comment
Clearing Away Cobwebs
A couple of days ago I found myself wandering around the beach across from Neptune’s Net in Malibu. As I stood against the railing I observed a young couple doing a selfie shoot with the picturesque ocean as their backdrop. … 
Posted in Transformation Tagged believe, embrace change, Yoga Heals
Out with the Old. In with the ????
Six years ago I bought a coffee table and matching end tables. I liked the coffee table at first but soon realized my error. This particular coffee table had a bottom shelf where I thought I’d like to put … 
Posted in Uncategorized Leave a commentCompany profile made by Panjiva
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Elevadores Schindler Sa De Cv
Buyers of similar products
Suppliers of similar products
elevator manufacturers
Buyers similar to Elevadores Schindler Sa De Cv10 Apara Place, Koongamia
Sold
Pemberton Home in Koongamia House - Property ID: 567322
This rustic property is just ideal, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location backing onto the Railway Reserves Historic Walk Trail and surrounded by lush green trees you would think you were down South.
Ideal home for the family who enjoys the outdoor lifestyle, keen to explore the walk trails or just relax under the front or back verandah and listen to the birds chirping and taking in all that nature has to offer.
As you step through the front door, the home exudes a warm and inviting Aura. Enjoy the winter days and nights in your lounge room in front of the fire while watching a good movie.
The home also has ducted evaporative air conditioning for the warmer days.
Keeping an eye on the children in the backyard will be a breeze while cooking in your kitchen, the large window offers a great view.
Take in the superb views of the property through the front windows while sitting at the dining table enjoying a delicious home cooked meal.
There are 3 bedrooms - the master bedroom has large walk in robe and ensuite with shower, vanity and toilet. The 2 minor bedrooms are of good size and both have double built in robes.
At the end of the long concrete driveway you will find a large 6 x 9 metre shed (enclosed on 3 sides), that is currently used as a garage. There is plenty of room to park 10 cars!! At the side of the shed there is a lean-to to store the trailer, boat or caravan.
The back yard is big enough to put in a pool.
If you can see yourself living in this home call today for your private viewing.
Features
- Land Size Approx. - 1091 m2
- Built-In Wardrobes
- Close to Schools
- Close to Shops
- Fireplace(s)
- Garden
- 6 x 9 Shed/WorkshopEven :
Studies from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, for example, show that drivers are four times more likely to have an accident if they are talking on the phone — hands-free or not — while driving.
The reason, researchers say, is that drivers often become engrossed in their conversation, rather than focusing on driving, even if their hands are on the wheel. “Once a conversation begins, we don’t see a difference between hand-held and hands-free,” says Adrian Lund, president of the institute..sasarakovec / January 26, 2017 GRAY Hey babes! I can’t believe it’s already the last week of January??? Feels like only yesterday we celebrated the new years It’s crazy how time flies, and as much as I love winter I can’t wait for warmer months to… View Post You may also enjoy:4 YEARS ALREADY???THE SWEATERI’LL STOP WEARING PINK WHEN…MESH SWEATER sasarakovecFrom engineers to designers to part-time inventors, our desire to discover inspires us to build
products the world didn't even know it needed. This site honors the people who are born
to design and the products they are destined to create.
Learn how Tom Atchison, founder of Mavericks, is revolutionizing space exploration while fostering the growth of the next generation of scientists and engineers.See open source rocketry take flight.
Learn how space enthusiasts are taking rocketry to new heights.
4:16
1:07
1:00 to be in Venezuela anymore.”
Venezuela is on everyone’s lips. From 18 years ago until now, when the current government took charge of the country, everything started to deteriorate.
According to several statistics from different international and Venezuelan sources as PROVEA, DATANALISIS, CNN, BBC, RCN, ONU, SENIAT, SAIME, CORPOELEC, and the testimonies from Venezuelans citizens who are not blind for a political tendency, everything has faded and depreciated.
Everything but the corruption, the underworld, the crimes, the insecurity, the drug dealing, the vandalism and the lies.
“I would have loved the idea of staying in my country, live and die there, in my land,” Acuna said. “But since the situation is unbeatable, I made the decision of leaving it, in order to look for a brighter future.”
Before the current government took control of the country, young Venezuelans had their life figured out. Go to school, go to college, find a job, get married, buy a house, have children, and that was it. The perfect happy life, a life everyone wished to live. Everyone used to have the opportunity of succeeded in their own hands.
“I cannot lie, everything was not perfect, but people were happy and united,” Acuna said.
Venezuelans did not realize how good what they had was, and they look for a transformation. That is the reason why government changed. That is how Hugo Chavez achieved power in 1998. Since then, many political decisions, socialistic and communistic oriented, took place and started to form part of the Venezuelan life.
The country started to get worse, step by step, year by year. Venezuelan monetary unit, the bolivar, suffered several devaluations. Also, monetary exchanges systems and values were stablished. The black market dollar started. The price of gas and all the other services strongly rose up. Food and other goods shortage started and every minute it intensified even more.
Inflation gets higher every day. Colleges and universities have no resources to function properly. Job opportunities are politicized. The base salary is not enough to cover the basic needs, since the minimum wage is 4150 bolivars ($415) according to the “official” exchange.
It is necessary to highlight that there are five currency exchanges in Venezuela, because the government money control policies. The five exchanges values are: designated to travel, pleasure, and tourism; international students and activities; SICAD I; SICAD II; and the black market value, which is the most common one used and the most realistic and applicable one, where one dollar is 1164.71 bolivars.
The black market is the most used because there are not enough dollars in the country for people, due to the corruption. There are many autocratic and problematic steps to accomplish to obtain dollars. So people end up acquiring them in the black market.
Furthermore, hospitals suffer for lack of resources. There are no medicines in the pharmacies. All these situations got even worse when Nicolas Maduro took Hugo Chavez’s place.
“He is even more incompetent than his predecessor,” Acuna said.
Venezuela’s future was and is blurred.
“I was forced to run away from that situation, since I had the opportunity thanks to my parents’ support, my hard work, and soccer,” Acuna said. “When I saw that panorama I made the decision to leave, but in order to do that I needed dollars, so I started to get more additional jobs, besides the one I already had, to be able to buy as many dollars as I could and then, finally come to the United States.”
The road was not easy for Acuna.
“I had four jobs,” Acuna said. “Two as a soccer and swimming coach, and two as waiter in two different restaurants. Fortunately I was able to find a sport scholarship and accelerate the process of my departure.”
Acuna has no time to rest. He knows what is hard and sacrifices.
“I needed and I still need more money in order to pay for college, I needed and I need to take all the credits possible, and pass all my classes with good grades to be able to graduate earlier and save money,” Acuna said. “That is why I work like crazy in the cafeteria, waking up every day at 5:30 a.m. That is why I also applied to be a RA, because since the moment I chose to leave Venezuela I knew that I would need to work harder than I have ever done, but knowing the sacrifices worth it.”
“Even with all those chores, disadvantages, costs and lost, I am still better than I would be back home,” Acuna said. “That is why people left Venezuela if they have the chance, because now there is no chances to have a quality life if you stay there being young.”Hello, hello! I’m Lindsey and I created Clean Kitch to share my love for healthy food, fitness, healthy travel, and to connect with fellow #bosses (you!) who share a love for amazing coffee, adventures, and clean foods that drum up all the good vibes.
My perfect days start with a double espresso, some sort of sweat sesh before the sun comes up, protein pancakes, and workouts and weirdness with the squad pictured below. Add in some freshly ground nut butters, superfoods, adaptogens, avocados, and wine (in any combination) and I’m in heaven.
Let’s talk about where to go for the best coffee and workout(s), heathy delicious new products that make you feel like a boss, travel planning, and which fitness gear we need in our lives, shall we?? And then plan a smoothie bowl party? kGreat 😉 Cheers and thanks for stopping by!!
Highlights
Race Series Ambassador
FEATURED RECIPE
Co-developed a smoothie recipe that was published in Food Truck Road Trip.
This book was one of Los Angeles Magazine Fall’s Most Anticipated Cookbooks, selected by Eater as one of their top 43 most anticipated cookbooks in 2014, and made Every Day With Rachel Ray’s holiday gift guide.
Workshops
Here are two things that O Boy has done recently that I wanted to make sure and commemorate on our blog.
The first is a set of nametags. A few weeks ago he decided that he needed to make nametags for himself and his siblings. So on his own he sounded out how he thought their names would be spelled. Then he punched holes in the nametags, had me help him tie some string to each and then taped them up to either a bed or door. Very clever! Now Mr. T will never mix up his bed with O Boy's and the Little Sweetie will always know which room is hers by the sign on the door.
This says, "Luh-nay-uh"
This is a Lincoln Log cabin that he built at Grandma Alice's house with just a tiny bit of help from her. She said he worked on it for almost two hours. Pretty impressive!
id otn’ fuckign undertsand why people don’t use their ccugkin brians whenever they play thi sgame, it doesn’t make any sense to me as to why you would say that you woudl carry a game and you end up goign 2/8 in the process, and literally say thgat you dont’ care about the game anymore, same thing with my jugnler, he literally died twice because he’s complete dogshit at the game and sucks dick, deserves to be fuckign lynched, fuckign hate all the random junglers in NA who don’t undertstand simple fuckign co ncepts, like how to rotate, which lanes to gank, i dont understand, how the fuck can you not sue your hands,a nd brian in order to play the game properlyyOld Man Winter, with all his icy
fury, decended upon Northern Idaho and Eastern Washington, unleashing wind, snow, and zero weather.
Many roads in the district were
blocked for several hours but at this
writing most are open to travel, but
motorists are not driving for the
mere pleasure of motoring . In most
cases, only the necessary travel is
being done.
Every available piece of road equip-
certed effort to keep roads and highways open and passable.
The deepest drift reported was at
Kootenai, where the snow piled up
7 feet. These drifts were readily
moved, however, and it is reported
that most roads are in good shape.
Click tabs to swap between content that is broken into logical sections.Top 10 Hardwood Flooring FAQ
Top 10 Hardwood Flooring FAQ
Hardwood floors can afford any home a classic, luxurious look. Of course, they’re also favored because of their durability. If you’re shopping for hardwood floors, you likely have many questions about your flooring options. At S&G Carpet and More, we’re happy to answer your top 10 most frequently asked hardwood flooring questions.
How can I clean my hardwood floor so that it stays in great condition?
You can keep your hardwood floors in great shape by regularly sweeping or vacuuming them. This helps eliminate dust and debris that can cause scratches. You should also wipe up spills immediately and wet mop your floors with special cleaning products designed for hardwood. It’s also a great idea to use throw rugs at the entrances to rooms with hardwood floors.
Will humidity affect my hardwood flooring?
Because it’s made from natural wood, hardwood flooring is susceptible to changes caused by very high humidity levels. This is why we recommend that you don’t install hardwood floors in bathrooms, basements and rooms below ground level.
Will my hardwood floors change color or get yellow over time?
Exposure to sunlight can alter the color of hardwood flooring over time and may cause fading, darkening or yellowing. It’s a good idea to move your furnishings and rugs on a seasonal base to promote even aging of your floors.
Is it best to buy prefinished or unfinished hardwood flooring?
Whether you choose prefinished or unfinished hardwood flooring is a matter of personal preference. However, it’s important to keep in mind that unfinished floors must be finished at your home, which can be incredibly time consuming and can kick up a lot of dust. Prefinished floors are the easiest to install and care for from day one.
What are engineered hardwood floors?
As their name suggests, these floors are specially engineered for added durability. They are composed of several plies of real hardwood fused together. This type of flooring is great at resisting humidity and warping, which means that it can generally be installed in bathrooms and below-ground rooms.
Will I be able to install my own hardwood flooring?
Installing hardwood flooring requires knowledge of special techniques. It also requires a great deal of patience. Whether or not you can install hardwood floors depends on your experience level and willingness to learn these new techniques.
Should I acclimate my hardwood floors?
If you’re not using engineered hardwood floors, we recommend opening flooring boxes and sitting the product in the room where it will be installed several days before installation. This allows humidity levels in the wood to adjust to your space.
Should I choose hardwood floors if I have pets?
Hardwood floors can be a great choice if you have pets but remember that hardness is key. Choose a hard species and keep up with sweeping and mopping to prevent pet-related damage.
Where can I find molding and trim for my hardwood floors?
At S&G Carpet and More, we carry an extensive selection of hardwood trims and moldings to meet your unique needs.
How do I calculate how much flooring I need?
How much flooring you need depends largely on the size of your room. Bring your room’s measurements to the specialists at S&G Carpet and More, and we’ll help you calculate the total cost of your flooring project.Ronda Rousey Wants To Beat The Sh*t Out Of Justin Bieber After What He Did To Her Sister
She And Her Sister Were At A Party...
â€œI walked over there and said â€˜Excuse meâ€¦â€™ and he turned around and said â€˜Iâ€™ve already taken a billion pictures todayâ€™. I said â€˜yeah, but, sheâ€™s the only 16-year-old girl at the whole partyâ€™â€¦ and he goes â€˜a billionâ€™ and walks off and totally snubbed my little sister,â€ Rousey said.
Philips is soon set to launch a fantastic line of Android Powered Smart Televisions. The Android Televisions will be joining the ranks of other Smart TVs that are revolutionizing the home entertainment scene.
The Smart Televisions will come with some key Google Services pre-installed, all in an attempt to bring a touch of the Smartphone experience to your living room. The Smart TVs will have access to the Google Play Store and Google voice search.
This comes just after the internet went crazy about the Phillips Smartphone with a standby time of over two months. In addition to the access to Google Play, the Smart TV will come with a number of optimized Android Apps out of the box.
An access to Google Play is a big deal as you can turn your Television into the ultimate entertainment hub with just a couple of app installs. The Smart TV’s will also come with native gaming capabilities. This will be in terms of a powerful Quad-core CPU and a remote control that can double up as a wireless game controller.
Philips will pre-load Android games such as Real Racing 3 & Badland on the Smart TV. More optimized Games and Applications will be made available for the Smart TVs soon after its launch. The best part of it all is that some of the Smart TVs will come with a 4K resolution.
There is no info on the pricing of the Smart TVs, but if we could speculate a figure, we could be looking something of well above half a million Kenyan shillings [Yeah, that’s what Kenyan ballers are paying for those babes].
Source: [Android Central]Most famous inventors have done it with a single invention or a single idea. Actually that is all it takes - 1 really good idea - to change your life forever!
It is important to note here that folk don't just stumble onto ideas Visit This Link all time. Many times there is a involving work that assumes it. You can establish an environment which isn't conducive to the generation of invention ideas, more to be able single idea that is capable of changing everything.
You are very likely to stumble onto your big idea within area or industry that you currently extremely familiar now with. A much-loved hobby is a great help. There is no denying the fact that chances of your stumbling on a great invention idea less more likely to happen while you are accomplishing something that you absolutely enjoy doing. Something you have no problem spending hours at a stretch doing. look at this web-site There are many reasons for this. Firstly people get brilliant invention ideas on areas and industries that they understand extremely well. Then there's the simple reality chances of you stumbling on a large invention idea boost your employees more time plant life can on the related environment. People will spend more and more time effortlessly on something great post to read they really view.
Not everybody believes in destiny, however the truth of the issue is that every human on the planet is born using a particular purpose in this particular life and goal will tend to be really close to something you really enjoy doing. In other words, you big idea in this life is hidden in something really close to your heart.
Still, whatever the time that you believe, the fact remains that all it is advisable to change your working life is just one brilliant invention idea. You'll want to have enough knowledge on find it from your drawing boards to the waiting world available on the market.Renovation of our family room continues. As I recently posted, we replaced our fluted corinthian columns with sleek square pillars (HERE).
We are remodeling our space to a “transitional style”. This style is a marriage of traditional and contemporary furniture, finishes, materials and fabrics equating to a classic, timeless design. Furniture lines are simple yet sophisticated, featuring either straight lines or rounded profiles. It blends the comfort and warmth of traditional style with the clean profile and understated colors of the contemporary style.
Next up on the list, is to replace the ceiling crown molding, remove the ceiling medallion and replace the lighting. Check out the pictures of the room before the change. The molding is very ornate, but went well with the fluted columns that have been replaced. The ceiling medallion is also too ornate for our taste, and the lighting fixture is not our style.
The ceiling trim is heavy and formal.
We removed the ceiling medallion and mudded the area well. It takes several coats of mud to erase the circle left behind by the medallion.
We removed all the trim from the raised ceiling.
In an effort to contain the spread of dust, we put plastic up on all entrances…but it still traveled.
I love the design elements in this home such as the raised octagonal ceilings. It allows so many styling options. For this room, we are going to install cove lighting inside the crown molding.
Cove lighting is indirect lighting installed into ledges, recesses, or valances in a ceiling. It directs light up towards the ceiling. Our main goal is to use this as accent lighting and not as our primary light source.
We installed a simple 2 piece trim, using 6″curved molding on top of straight boards.
The LED rope string lighting (HERE) was laid inside of the trim. An outlet was installed behind the trim to provide power to the rope lighting.
We installed a metal Parisian style chandelier in the room, similar to this 6-Light Chandelier.
The cove lighting casts a beautiful soft accent light in the room. We are loving the simple transitional molding and lighting. If you’re interested in reading more about the impact of lighting on your home, check out this post (HERE).
We are thrilled with our remodeling so far, final reveal coming up in a future post! Getting inspired? Remember to follow along on Instagram, and if you like the post please share!
4 thoughts on “Transitional Ceiling Molding & Cove Lighting”
This is beautiful!! I love the effect of those LEDS
Thank you! It really is very pretty light.
Very Nice and great for a romantic setting!
Thank you Maria! I appreciate you stopping by 🙂- A-Z
- Academic Regulations
- Acronyms
- Anglia Ruskin Annual Accounts
- Corporate plan and Vision and Values
- Immigration Compliance
- IT Services
- Learning Development Services
- Office of the Secretary and Clerk
- Procurement
Security Services contact numbers at CAMBRIDGE or CHELMSFORD put these numbers in your mobile phone
Security Control Room (Cambridge) - situated in Helmore Building, behind Reception Desk
Security Control Room (Chelmsford) - situated in Michael Aschcroft Building, by the Library
STUDENT ADVICE
General Advice from Money Matters to Support and Wellbeing, go to our Student Services link
Insure your valuables. Suggested website Immobilise
Accommodation issuse, go to our Accommodation link
National Union for Students or Safety and Security for students: Directgov - Education and Learning
- Cambridge Police or Essex Police
Feedback
Security are committed to providing you, our customer, with the best possible service. We firmly believe that the best way to improve our services is to listen to you. We value your feedback.
Please send your views to Security Feedback and let us know your Comments, Compliments or Concerns. Your feedback will be listened to.
Go to right hand side links go to local menu Go to main menuGo to right hand side links go to local menu Go to main menuReactance.
Reactance is a motivational reaction to offers, persons, rules, or regulations that threaten or eliminate specific behavioral freedoms. Reactance occurs when a person feels that someone or something is taking away his or her choices or limiting the range of alternatives.
-- "Reactance (psychology), Wikipedia"
Reactance.
It's a damnable thing, a real thing, a useful thing to know of, and yet far too few people know of it..
And... like..![ pchgame.com: PCHgames: Free Online Games, Computer Games and Sweepstakes
Visit PCHgames - Your source for Free Online Games, Computer Games and Sweepstakes!]()
PCHgames: Free Online Games, Computer Games and Sweepstakes
Description: Visit PCHgames - Your source for Free Online Games, Computer Games and Sweepstakes!
Keywords: free online games, internet games, multiplayer games, sweepstakes, online mah jong, online sudoku, online solitaire, online blackjack, online roulette, online poker, online multiplayer games, online sweepstakes, pchgames, PCH games, games, cash, online games, online game, pch game, addiction solitaire, spider solitaire, crescent solitaire, pyramid solitaire, mahjong garden, mahjong alchemy, alus revenge, backgammon, bumper cards, crescent solitaire, crossword, darts, decoder, eggz, jigsaw puzzle, pool, online pool game, online slots, slots, slots games, slots big cats, slots golden pharaoh, spellbound, sudoku, suds, sumatra, typewriter, video poker, video poker deuces wild, video poker jokers wild, word search, word games, strategy games, casino games, card games, sports games, tokens, tokens sweepstakes, publishers clearing house, sweepstakes, win cash, enter for money, online sweepstakes company, enter to win, Win, contest, sweeps, contests, giveaways, prizes, drawings, prize, promotion, online sweeps, free, game of chance, cash sweepstakes, enter any sweepstakes online, best sweepstakes, automobile sweepstakes, free sweepstakes, holiday sweepstakes, fast cash, money, free money, real money, money in the bank, five thousand a week for life, jackpot
Tags: pchgame, games, online, pchgames, sweepstakes, free, computer, play, rating, gdg, user, pyramid, solitaire, mahjongg, trivia, eggz, slots, pool, com, golden, multiplayer, pharaoh, dimensions, card, game, pch, robertl, pwblaze, rhence, visit, tokens, casino, win, source, sports, strategy, mom, tri, arcade, jongg,The most powerful computing system in the world!
An international team of researchers has published industrial blueprints for the construction of a large-scale ion-trapping quantum computing system.
Quantum computing is a technology that gets people very excited, because it can solve problems far beyond the reach of traditional computers. Until now, most work on them has been done at a small scale in the laboratory.
But now there’s a construction plan for building a large-scale, modular quantum computer that would be able to tackle significant tasks. The architects of the plan say that it solves technical obstacles that had previously prevented a scale-up to a larger machine.
To Millions and Beyond
There are several approaches towards building quantum computers, and the ion-trapping method that features in this plan is just one of them. But it is one of the more promising, Jonas Helsen, a quantum computing researcher at Delft University of Technology who wasn’t involved in the research told in interview.
“They figured out a solution to some major obstacles for scalability on this platform,” he says. “They’re aiming to kickstart Moore’s law for quantum computing. It’ll soon be possible to make thousands of these, which sets us on the path to millions and beyond.”
Real World Applications
The team’s next step is to build a prototype quantum computer based on this design at the University of Sussex, at a cost of about £1 to 2 million. A practical device for real-world applications would cost ten times more than that, at least.
But those real world applications could include advanced encryption, simulating molecules for medical breakthroughs, new machine learning techniques for artificial intelligence and many more things that we haven’t thought of yet.
“Nobody was imagining the creation of Amazon.com when the first computers were being built in the 1950s,” says Helsen.
The full details of the system were in the journal Science Advances.On Sat, 27.08.05 05:27, Trent Lloyd (lathiat at bur.st) wrote: > Erkkk, > > ok seems i'm confused.. > > i don't quite understand the difference between ResolveHostname and > HostnameResolver, it seems both go off into the background and send > back a dbus reply when ready which is made to a callback so I don't > really see the difference, could you explain? Yes. I can. ResolverHostName() is a DBUS method. Calling a DBUS method involves exactly two messages sent over the bus: the method call itself in one direction and a reply being either a failure indication or some useful reply data in the other direction. This is perfect for "one-shot" resolving. However, if the user wants to be notified whenever the A/AAAA data changes a simple method call doesn't suffice, since this might involve more then two DBUS messages: on each record change a new notification signal needs to be sent over the BUS. The semantics of HostNameResolver are therefore slightly different from ResolveHostName. The former issues a "Found" signal when the service is resolved for the first time and additional ones when the data changes. A "Timeout" signal is issued when the initial resolution failed or when the service is eventually removed from the network. Both ways require some traffic to be sent over the network and waiting for a reply. Therefore avahi-client 0.1 issued the method call asynchronously. This makes it easy to switch internally to the new HostNameResolver stuff. Initially I implemented this new interface for service resolving only: sebest wanted to be notified of TXT record changes. However to cleanup things a little and to make host name/address resolving as straight-forward as possible I implemented this for hostname/address resolving, too. I hope this explains this a little. Lennart -- Lennart Poettering; lennart [at] poettering [dot] de ICQ# 11060553; GPG 0x1A015CC4;- News
- Betas
- Finals
- Systems
- Handhelds
- Divisions
The Last of Us PS3 pre-order deploys $10 Bonus
By News Division On June 8, 2013 · In Deals, News, Playstation 3, Retail, Systems
Retailer Amazon.com Inc. this week began offering a $10 Bonus with the pre-order purchase of Sony Corp.’s The Last of Us for the Playstation 3.
This week, customers who pre-order The Last of Us will receive a $10 Amazon Video Credit and the Sights and Sounds Pack, which includes the official game soundtrack, PS3 Dynamic Theme, and PSN Avatars at no additional cost. Post-Pandemic Edition will include a 12-inch Premium Statue, Steelbook Edition of the game, The Last of Us – American Dreams #1 Comic, Survival DLC Pack, Sights and Sounds DLC Pack, and Naughty Dog Sticker Sheet at $159.99.Happy Halloween from a Korean Hagwon! October 31, 2012 · by sydneykegan · in ESL, S. Korea. · Pictures! Snow White, Tinkerbell, and “Spiderman” Teacher Making my kids watch an American classic… A big-breasted, cowboy clown? A very cold “Snow White” A doe-eyed “Cinderella” An [adorable] interpretation of “Death”What do you want [to be] for halloween? Teaching verbs, topically… Silliness This picture fairly accurately really depicts their personalities… love it. Advertisements Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading... RelatedWARM SPRINGS, Ga. - Channel 2 Action News investigated how potentially toxic fumes entered planes at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.
Now a former flight attendant from Georgia is talking about her frightening experience.
Jan Williams, who used to work for former Delta connection carrier Pinnacle Air, says she suffered serious medical problems caused by fumes.
Williams contacted Channel 2’s Tom Regan after seeing his report earlier this week. She told him her exposure to toxic fumes has had a devastating impact on her health.
“You hear my voice? I've been like this ever since that day,” she told Regan.
Williams said she was in perfect health when she first put on her uniform at Pinnacle Air, but just two years later, in May 2010, everything changed.
Williams said the pilot noticed a hydraulic leak on their plane. He said the problem had been fixed and they were ready to take off.
“As we got pushed back, the fuselage got filled with smoke,” Williams said. “We could not breathe in back. It was full of fumes.”
But, she says the flight eventually took off.
[2 INVESTIGATES: Flight attendants say air inside planes can be toxic]
“It did get better, but it left me with a cough and a blister in my mouth,” she told Regan.
Williams said the next day, the pilot had the same plane fumigated for mice infestation. She worried about residual exposure to passengers and flight crew. She became hypoxic and delirious.
“I don't remember driving home that night. I was on the couch for three days,” she said.
RECENT INVESTIGATIONS:
- Home Depot under investigation for work that may have put families in danger
- Flight attendants say air inside planes can be toxic
- DUIs in Georgia drop nearly 50% ... one reason why might surprise you
Her condition grew worse -- problems with breathing, balance, memory and hand tremors.
“After this exposure, I was not myself anymore, I used to sing. I lost my voice, so I can't do that anymore, I used to go to work with my animal. I can barely walk to the barn,” she said.
Williams said the company refused to acknowledge any connection between her illness and the fume events.
[PHOTOS: "The Dirty Dozen" Airplanes with the most reported fume events in the past year]
She was terminated for not returning to work following medical leave. She says her dream of working as a flight attendant became a nightmare of ongoing health problems.
“I go to work one day, and the next I can't work anymore,” she said.
Pinnacle Air, which held all the records in this case, is no longer in business.
Delta Airlines told Regan it doesn't operate the type of aircraft involved.
During our investigation, we dug through FAA service reports and found three airline crews received emergency medical care at Hartsfield-Jackson because of fumes in the past year. We also found more than 100 possible fume events on commercial airlines. In nine cases there were reported illnesses.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
You're Almost Done!
Please confirm the information below before signing in.{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *}At all shelters we can design manufacture and install around your pram shelter needs. Made to measure to suit your location were shelter is to be fitted. We can provide areas were prams and buggies can be stored in a safe dry and clean area outdoors.
Security bar can be incorporated in pram shelter for location and away for buggies and prams to be locked up if needed. A lockable door can be fitted to main entrance to provide a safe and secure pram shelter.Company profile made by Panjiva
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Legon Congregation
Buyers of similar products
Suppliers of similar products
benjamin manufacturerscaed manufacturerscorolla manufacturerseffects manufacturersford fusion manufacturersnissan sentra manufacturerstoyota manufacturerstoyota corolla manufacturers
Buyers similar to Legon CongregationYou like random right?
Good, ’cause that’s what you get today.
This was part of my lunch the other day Don’t you want to eat it? I want to eat it again but alas, I have no mozzarella.
Phooey.
I finally COMPLETELY finished the one and only dress I’ve made for K (so far…).
I added some rosettes by the straps (possibly to cover up some *cough* imperfections *cough*) and some ribbon trim on the bottom. She actually wore it out in public, to church, on Sunday. We took her to the church nursery and the lovely lady that works there immediately said, “Oh, did Mommy make you a dress?!” I wasn’t quite sure how to take that. Hmmmm….
Some handsome dude I know started school on Monday.
He keeps telling me there is going to be “lots” of homework but I have yet to see any. And today when I asked him how his day was he said, “Same as yesterday… gosh Mom!” Does that start already? If so, I’m not ready for it.
He told me he wanted to ride the bus this year (he would only ride it home since Tim drops him off in the mornings) but he decided against it right now since he feels it’s too hot to walk home from the stop. Can’t say that I blame him one bit. We’ll see what he wants to do when it cools off…
He also lost another tooth over the weekend and another one is loose. AND! get this! The “tooth fairy” FORGOT to visit on the first night. He told me his “best idea” was that I was the tooth fairy and that I forgot.
I think the jig might be up soon… what about y’all?
File under, too smart for his own britches. Ugh.
So, have your kids started school? If not, when will they?
What random stuff is up in your life today?
Linked up with Wordful Wednesday HERE and HERE!
“did mommy make you a dress?” OH NO SHE DID NOT! it looks wonderful wonderful elaine. you did a great job. high five.
I LOVE the dress! I can’t even sew a button, so I am totally impressed.
Love your doors too. I can’t believe summer is over already! My kids go back Monday.
I love that dress! I’m so jealous… and completely impressed!
Ohhh the dress is great! so adorable!
When I ask my boys what they did at school all they tell me is “play”
GREAT!
Oh you have talent dear friend! LOVE that dress!!
I went to the Farmer’s Market yesterday to get tomatoes just for the purpose in your first picture.
My mouth is WATERING from that first pic. Mmmmm. It looks amazing!
That dress is ADORABLE! I wish I could do stuff like that. You did a GREAT job! Woot woot!
Awwww. Second grade! That is a big change. And yes, he sounds WAY too smart for YOUR own good. 😉
The dress is very pretty, I like!!
And 2nd grade? That is a big deal! (gah they grow up so quickly!)
Love the dress – great job!!!!
Your son is gonna be a heartbreaker, such a cutie! I love those rosettes you added to the dress. Adorable!!
Whatevs, that dress is darling! You rocked it lady!
The jig is up here too…and no one has lost any teeth here yet!! He is under strict instructions to keep it to himself and nit tell other kids.
Your lunch looks delicious and I’m so impressed with your sewing skills! She looks adorable in the dress. Cute first day photo! When my son rode the bus in kindergarten he came home upset because the a/c was broken. I had to explain that the buses don’t have a/c!
I am impressed with the dress. I do NOT sew. And great first day picture. Such a cutie!
Awesome job on the dress! And that was a total compliment. Awwwww, B is growing up. Still offering an almost 14 year old to ya! A T T I D U D E !!!!
And that should have said ATTITUDE! UGH!
Perhaps she just noticed that a pattern that cute can’t just be bought in a store. I think it looks great. I wish I could sew, but I get pissed at the sewing machine before I get two stitches done, so I don’t think that’s going to work out.
Baby Girl lost another tooth last night and she said, “what if YOU were the tooth fairy?” And I calmly said, “what if I was?” But in a way not really admitting that I was. And she replied, “well then YOU would have to put money under my pillow.” I definitely think we are getting close to that not being a “thing” in our house any longer.
The other day, we heard Jacob say to his cousin that Santa wasn’t real. That it was us who put it under the tree. That almost made me cry…but we couldn’t decide if he really thought that or was just fishing, you know?
Smart kids break my heart a little…
When my youngest daughter was four, she stood outside the bedroom door as my husband and 8 year old discussed the fact that Santa, Easter bunny, and Tooth Fairy were all ficticious but wasn’t it fun all the same? yadda yadda. Boom. There went my 4 year old’s innocence! Gone like that (snapping fingers.) I was mortified, but she actually took it all in her stride (thank god) and just ‘confirmed’ what she’d heard with me. I had to tell her, as her dad had just told her big bro. Oh, and the dress? Georgeous! I’d like one just like it 🙂
your kids are so gorgeous!
and this sounds bad, but it is nice to hear that the tooth fairy doesn’t only forget at our house.
oh, and great job on the dress!
The food is drool worthy. The dress is simply adorable.
The 2nd grader makes me teary eyed since Big T will be starting 2nd grade in Sept. Trying to talk to him at school is like trying to squeeze water from a rock! It’s so frustating!
What a GORGEOUS shot…of the food I mean…and the kids are great too, but the FOOD!Utilize an Anguil energy recovery system to convert exhaust heat from energy consuming processes or exhaust stacks into process air, preheated combustion air, plant heat or electricity. Blending time-tested, standard products with custom engineering, we design, manufacture, install & service energy recovery systems that decrease energy consumption & operating costs & maximize return on investment. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin.
It is our goal here at Enerquip, LLC 40 years of experience, then you've come to the right place! Air to Air Heat Exchangers! Air to Air Heat Exchangers to Air Heat Exchangers! Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin. Wisconsin.. Air to Wisconsin.
Our air-to-air heat exchangers efficiently provide fresh air ventilation to many industries. Contact Environmental Air Solutions when you need a heat exchanger solution to provide heat transfer without losing heat. For more information, please visit our website! Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin.
Tetra Pak USA manufactures efficient and reliable high end heat exchangers for the food and drink industries. Our heat exchangers are suitable for usage with a variety of different products, with differing needs for viscosity and particle size. Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin.
Kennedy Tank & Manufacturing Co. Inc. is a heat exchanger manufacturer. Some of our products include heat exchangers, shell and tube heat exchangers as well as double-pipe heat exchangers with experience since 1898. Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin. Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin.. Air to Air Heat Exchangers! Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin.
Our focus is cryogenics. Chart is a recognized global brand for the design and manufacture of highly engineered cryogenic equipment used from the beginning to the end in the liquid gas supply chain. Air to. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin.. Air to. Air to. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin.. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin. Wisconsin.. Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin.! Air to Air Heat Exchangers in Wisconsin. Wisconsin.
 Wisconsin.Just another WordPress.com site
Sara was one of the first girls to attend the “academic tent” [one of the square’s tents for academic sessions and discussion on the revolution]. She has played an important role in awareness the square, calling for more understanding between different groups in Yemen, both politically and socially.
Attending an academic session in a tent full of men chewing qat [green planet Yemenis chew] is not socially well accepted, especially when some of the attendees are tribesmen.
Silent march
Sara has fed the square with creative ideas; including a silent march to condemn the international community’s own silence over the killing of peaceful protesters in Yemen.
The silent march, which happened in April, was the first in change square since the protests started. It saw the well-known activists who usually lead protests and marches being led by young activists who showed determination and faith in the revolution of Yemen.
Sara made the march participants covered their mouths with tape and raise hand written signs that read different phrases instead of the usual chants shouted by the protesters.
One sign read: “How many of us should die for the world to pay attention”.
It reflected the belief among Yemenis that the western media pays more attention where protesters are killed and massacres are committed.
This is not just an issue with the media; it is also reflected in the role played by the US and European Union as observers to the events in Yemen – there has been no remarkable progress and they have not expressed a firm position on the Yemeni regime.
Sara said all this in her speech to thousands of protesters, who paid great attention to the new style of march she brought.
Sara stands confidently giving a speech to even millions of people, as in the celebration of 21 anniversary of unification between south and north Yemen that the protesters organized.
Sara gave her second speech in English as well, speaking to the world to say that Yemen will always be unified by its people – that the unification was never ali Abdullah Saleh’s achievement.
Sara’s second march
The second march she organized was as creative as the first and managed to grab media attention. It was also part of the youth activities celebrating unification day on May 22.
The second march was a balloons march – another first for the Yemeni revolution. The idea was for all participants and protesters to hold balloons of three colors; red, white and black, the colors of the Yemeni flag.
“Using the flag’s colors is designed to strengthen our unity,” said one participant.
Sara used with two friends to help mobilize people, raising social awareness in different tents across Change Square.
“Me and Sara came to the square to change the social mentality rather than remove the regime; Sara came to pass her information on the civil state she is seeking for the protesters,” Sara’s colleague told the Yemen Times.
Sara pays a lot of attention to the southern cause, which if unsolved, might lead to separation.
Sara always expresses her hopes for Yemen to be a civil state; she stands against any actions inside the square that seems to be contrary to this concept such as not allowing women to march along with men one time.
She was attended a conference for activists, calling for gender inequality from Islamists. Although Sara didn’t approve of being videoed, the conference was filmed by state-run TV and played all that day to highlight the various defections among civil society activists and Islamists from the square and the differences between them.
Written by shatha
September 7, 2011 at 7:13.Image 1 of 1
20170719_shm_z03_854.jpg
July 19, 2017 - The water safety boat got caught out of position by a very large wide set during the first heat of the day at the Corona Open J-Bay with the captain showing his experience and skills to avoid disaster.0MB
-
- Contained in galleries
- Corona Open J-Bay - 19 July 2017
Trenne Benutzernamen durch Kommata.
Dieses Thema im Forum "Discussion" wurde erstellt von Guest, 14. August 2001.
it was ok...
I missed them!
:°(
For a band i didnt knew 5 minutes before i saw them they were very good ;-)
The Singer just neds a little bit more training and its really good....
was ? .. ich fand sie mehr als abartig !!!!!!!
I have to say that I didn´t like them, but that´s also for the reason that I don´t like most of this Heavy/Power Metal Stuff...
Hello !
A very great Band, cool singer, cool Music, i buyed the Record, and i like it very much, a little bit like Skyclad. Hope they will come on tour in Germany, i will be there.
Cheers , Madrebel
Quite alright!
A tour would be great! It was very interesting to hear this band live on stage. I looked forward to it because of the Rockhard report. And I enjoyed the gig very much.
Knight Errant were great! I hope they´ll come to Germany again next year. Maybe we can support them. Check out!
Cheers!
Well, they gave their best!
But to be honest, I didn´t like them.
They seem to be some kind of Skyclad without balls.
There are surely worse metal acts in the world
but I can´t explain why the officials decided to invite
them. Did they do it only because they were from Turkey?
I think so! If so, I want to see a kurdish metal act next
year at WOA.
All in all Knight Errant did a good job but they didn´t
convince me.
OrgasmMy Album of the Year: The Electric Lady
I started to write a post on why Janelle Monae’s The Electric Lady may be the best album of the year, but I ended up scribbling “Thesis: Ideas of Non-Violence and Violence in Janelle Monae’s Album The Electric Lady,” and the whole thing took on a mind of its own. This isn’t going to be exhaustive, but it should make a small dent in everything this album has to offer.
A brief overview for those unfamiliar with this work: The Electric Lady is a concept album which continues a futuristic dystopia started on Monáe’s other albums. This tale is collectively known as Metropolis, and it follows the story of archandroid Cindi Mayweather (Android No. 57821, and the fact the androids are known by numbers is significant) and her human star-crossed lover Anthony Greendown. Human/Android love is forbidden on Metropolis. Cindi’s punishment is a sentence of “immediate disassembly.”
Thematically, the albums include elements of Fritz Lang, Isaac Asimov, Afrofuturism, classical literature, and anti-discrimination including gender, race, class, sexual orientation, real or perceived mental illnesses [that music video for “Tightrope,” not to mention the knowledge many identifications have been classified at some point as illnesses]. Musically, the albums touch nearly every genre, heavily incorporating hip-hop, soul, funk, rock, gospel, jazz, electronica, wonderful interludes of rap and classical. I can’t emphasize enough how audacious and jawdropping a project this is. Yet every song also works as a stand-alone work.
Playing With Narrators
Generally, Cindi serves as the first-person singer/narrator. For the purposes of this essay on The Electric Lady, there are three main players:
Janelle Monáe
Cindi Mayweather
DJ CrashCrash
DJ CrashCrash hosts a radio show playing many of Cindi’s songs, and takes calls from humans and androids alike. These verbal interludes are reminiscent of Lauryn Hill’s The Miseducation of Lauren Hill, where a teacher talks to his classroom and their chatter helps bring the etherial themes of the songs into concrete and simple terms.
Often, Monáe/Cindi/DJ CrashCrash are expressing similar ideas. They basically advocate against wanton violence; the idea of love conquering all and peaceful protest are woven throughout the album. But Cindi and DJ CrashCrash, and so it would seem Monáe, condone violence in specific instances: violent and systemic injustice, police brutality, lack of other options, actively defending one’s rights and bodily autonomy.
Monáe’s rapped verses are generally when she breaks character/the fourth wall and stops with the Cindi conceit. Q.U.E.E.N.’s rap verse gets really specific with ideas confronting class, race, gender (‘she who writes the movie . . .), and one vague reference to non-heteronormativity with ‘categorize me, I defy every label.’ This is true of the Q.U.E.E.N. music video as well, where suddenly we leave the freedom fighter’s museum/detainment center to get a single shot of Monáe in a James Bond outfit, pose, and set, delivering her quasi-rap spoken word in rapid fire.
It’s all intensely personal first person, it leaves the narrative of android and futuristic world to get real about modern problems. The albums are certainly musical roman à clef, but these interludes drop most of the conceit and get down to business. In the verses, Cindi reemerges, but the personal and fictional narrative inform each other. Monáe knows how Cindi – as an oppressed minority – would be likely to feel and act, and Cindi knows what sort of likely end awaits her and how the Powers That Be will act because she’s aware of history at large, and Monáe’s history specifically. Past and present inform each other, and together they shape the future.
Themes of Modern and Future Discrimination
Monáe tackles modern-day racism, classism, LGBTQ oppression, and female discrimination. Cindi addresses these all in addition to the fictional (or prophetic, depending on how you see it) anti-droid discrimination, where droids act as not strictly a metaphor but more a gleaming metal surface onto which is projected all our modern injustices. Making it a futuristic dystopia is genius on a couple levels, but the way it enables Monáe to be righteously angry without turning the album into a diatribe may be the best level.
Overall Ideas of Violence versus Non-Violence
Certainly Monáe and Cindi seem to have a right to riot on every level, and the DJ has some more veiled reasons as well. Though no words are minced words about what is wrong, they advocate violence should be saved for a last resort; love is the higher road, the ideal. “Love not war; we are tired of the fires; quiet no riots, we are jamming, dancing, and loving; don’t throw no rock, don’t break no glass, just shake that ass.”
The idealism and romanticism of love and music conquering all is best displayed in “We Were Rock n’ Roll,” where Cindi sings to her absent lover in the face of her likely death, “No matter how the story’s told / We were like rock n’ roll / We were unbreakable / I want you to know . . . We had an incredible, unbreakable, unshakable love.’
Love and music conquer . . . until they don’t. Within that very song “We Were Rock n’ Roll,” the lines “And I remember the smell of guns / War lived in me but love finally won” display the tension felt between the two ideas. The song “Victory” is almost wholly concerned with that tension.
*The phrase “Will I rise?” is an historical reference to slave uprising sloganeering, referenced earlier in “Q.U.E.E.N.” and later in “Sally Ride.”
The fighting is metaphorical, but the language is poignant, and one piece of how Monáe presents love and violence on the album: as coexisting ideas tensioned to breaking. She wants love to always conquer all, but there are specific textual cases where Monáe / Cindi / DJ CrashCrah believe violence – not retribution – is justified. They believe at some point violence is the only option.
When a caller to DJ CrashCrash’s show suggests bounty hunters who come looking for Cindi Mayweather (who has done no moral wrong, only been decreed as wrong by the state) may find themselves ‘hurt,’ DJ responds ‘that’s right sisters, power up, power up.’ The immediate song following is “Dance Apocalyptic” talks about all the ways people find to make their own tiny rebellions against societal norms by rejecting suburbia, smoking in school, continuing to dance, even truly falling in love. And the chorus may be fun fast and furious, but the repetitions of ‘smash, smash, bang, bang,’ aren’t just for onomatopoeia. They’re real suggestions.
Not everything requires or should have violence, of course. When a caller to the radio show blusters about how he and a group are going to go down to the docks and smash things and hit people in the head, DJ CrashCrash cuts the call off and admonishes listeners not to follow that ‘ignorant rusty-dusty nanothinking nonsense.’
The tension between non-violent versus violent protest has a history of deep and important conversation in culture. The idea of non-violent versus violent reaction to slavery is especially pertinent to black culture, from Nelson Mandela to Martin Luther King Jr ‘versus’ Malcom X.
Oppression in Relation to Black Slavery, Historical and Current
I’m going so far as to say Monáe sees herself as a black leader for this generation (as she should). On “Q.U.E.E.N,” Monáe claims “I’mma keep leading like a young Harriet Tubman.” The idea of slavery and its overthrow runs through the Metropolis series as the androids are seen as subhuman, laborers, controlled by humans, etc., and the idea is reestablished on The Electric Lady in one of the first lines in the whole album, “I don’t want to be a slave again.”
But it’s not just the historical concept of slavery, nor even a historical and futuristic one. It’s modern. The second song, “Give Em What They Love,” says the powers that be want the narrator ‘locked up in the system,’ which evokes the idea of the industrial prison complex being a form of modern slavery. Monáe is well aware of her parallels in past and potential future, and she wants to be a voice which helps break the cycle.
(There’s a third, minor underlying reference: the duet is with Prince, who has a history of making slavery comparisons to industries co-opting artists and withholding royalties. Incredibly, a faaaaaantastic dance remix of this song was released by Prince, unauthorized but quickly applauded by Monáe. The remix was quickly squelched and yanked by the label. Incidentally, if you were one of the ones smart enough to grab the remix from the internet before it was so assaulted, please please hit me up.)
Oppression in Relation to Queerness / Non-Heteronormativity
The idea of android/human love being a metaphor for everything from interracial marriages to classically star-crossed loves like Romeo and Juliet is of course valid, but it’s strongly connected to Monáe’s overall concept of queer oppression. In “Givin’ Em What They Love,” Monáe as Cindy sings “She followed me back to the lobby / Yeah, she was looking at me for some undercover love.” One of the callers to DJ CrashCrash’s show comes right out and says “Robot love is queer.”
The idea of people being persecuted and killed for their real or perceived orientation is pertinent today, and Monáe doesn’t seem to see it going away so much as shifting focus, just as now marriages between classes [a least in the US] are barely blinked at, interracial marriages are much more accepted, and non-heteronormative couplings are sometimes accepted and sometimes have rocks thrown. Eventually, something like android love will rise to take the same ire non-heteronormative relationships now take, but there’ll still be plenty of disapproval to go around. Q.U.E.E.N. is more concerned queries if it’s weird to like the ‘way she wear her tights’ or ‘watching Mary,’ and occasional breathy chorus of ‘queen’ (which in some places just sounds suspiciously like ‘queer’) in the background. She asks if God ‘would approve the way I’m made,’ and there are a few other biblical references scattered across the album, both direct applications to a sovereign and turns of phrase like ‘watch the water turn to wine,’ and the pertinent ‘love is patient, love is kind . . . ‘
Oppression in Relation to Class
Androids are seen as second-class citizens (when it’s acknowledged they’re citizens at all), much as various races and nationalities have been seen over the years. But the idea of working class heroes is also evident. Monáe spoke about this when accepting a BLACK GIRLS ROCK! award. .” Her tuxedo is a uniform along the lines of Johnny Cash’s black; it comes in somewhat different forms but is a constant, her signature, and a reminder of those who worked jobs on what are considered ‘lower rungs’ of society.
“Ghetto Woman” is clearly sung to/about Monáe’s mother, who was unable to advance herself through education and philosophy, but though some lines are specific, the song – and especially the chorus – is sung to women at large. Don’t let The System get you down. You’re strong. You’re loved.
Oppression in Relation to Gender
In addition to Harriet Tubman, Cindi compares herself to Joan of Arc, Sally Ride, and Mia Farrow, a warrior and leader of men and a fashion icon, respectively.
As to the first, it’s likely it ties in to the idea of necessary violence or righteous warfare. Sally Ride was the first woman in space, and having a futuristic song named after her is a clever and nostalgic thing. But Mia Farrow seems an odd fit at first, until you place her in the context as an actress who was also a fashion icon, as Monáe is now a CoverGirl. Monáe has said “I believe it’s time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around me . . . Becoming a CoverGirl is truly and honor and a gift: it opens up a new platform for me to inspire women to feel stronger, braver and more beautiful inside and out,” and also “I want to help redefine what it means to be a strong woman in the music and fashion worlds.”
If you’re listening, she’s well on her way to doing just that.The final day of the season didn't really mean much to the Indiana Pacers, as they were focusing more on the play-offs, but this didn't stop them displaying a solid performance against Orlando Magic.
Frank Vogel's side went on to win the game 101-86 at the Amway Centre, considering the Pacers' head coach decided to rest a number of key players, including small forward Paul George.
The Pacers took the first quarter in mediocre fashion, with a five point lead at 25-20; Luis Scola hitting six for the visitors while Solomon Hill managed five on the board.
For Magic meanwhile, Arron Afflalo scored seven, hitting 100% of his attempted shots in the quarter.
In the second the Pacers weren't looking so comfortable, considering they took the quarter 21-20; shooting guard Evan Turner hit seven for the Pacers whilst playing the full 12 minutes, and for Orlando Tobias Harris hit six, scoring three of his attempted six field goals.
Going in at half-time the Pacers had a six point lead over the hosts at 46-40, as Vogel's side were on route to recording their third win of the season against the Orlando Magic.
As the third set off it was clear Pacers had an intention of rotating their team to let players get some game time, as the Vogel's men took the third at 29-22 with Lavoy Allen scoring ten points in nine minutes as well as grabbing two assists.
It was set up nicely in the fourth for the Pacers with a 13 point lead over Jacque Vaughn's men, and in the final quarter Chris Copeland stepped up to the plate recording 11 points to help the Pacers complete a clean sweep winning all four quarters and to head into the play-offs in good spirit.
After the game, Vogel stated to ESPN that he was very impressed by the guys who came off the bench as this wasn't the first time they grabbed his attention.
He said: "We've had pretty good health from our starters most of the season. So those bench guys haven't had opportunities to get extended minutes like this. So the Milwaukee game was good and this game was good."
In the game against the Milwaukee Bucks Vogel again went for the second team, with Luis Scola and Evan Turner both scoring over 20 points for the Pacers.
Last season the Indiana side finished third in the Eastern Conference along with winning the Central Division title, however they lost to Miami Heat in the Conference Finals leaving them to build for next season.
This season Vogel's men have won the Central Division title for a second consecutive year, and now take on the Atlanta Hawks in the first round of the play-offs, who they've already beaten twice this season as well as beating Mike Budenholzer's men in last years' play-offsDear Readers, The start of a new year provides an opportune time for change – a chance to wipe the slate clean. From a pledge to lose weight, reduce debt or quit a unhealthy habit, the first few weeks of January are typically filled with a mixture of really good intentions. While all these resolutions… Continue Reading
Issue 27 – Embracing a New Year
Delilah Blue started the topic Howdy from Georgia, USA 8-]] in the forum Introduction!!!…[Read more]What is Seo and how can it help my business?
Seo helps to increase a websites rankings, this can be achieved across a range of keywords.
Keywords are then optimised within a process known as organic internet marketing.
Over time a website climbs Google, this means the website is easier to find and often calls flood into a business as a result of this.
However there are two ways to optimise a website, the right way which is using white hat seo to properly enhance a websites onsite and offsite ranking signals.
Then there’s the other way which is to use dodge methods that look to cheat the search engines algorithm.
Some Cardiff SEO agencies do a mixture of the two, however we only carry out white hat methods that have been tried, tested and approved by Google’s rule book, also known as webmaster guidelines.
What if Cardiff’s just to small an area for my business?
Most people contact an agency not to just increase their rankings within their home town or city but also further afield.
We are the masters at this process, we have taken countless professional companies, tradesmen and product retailers into new geographic areas.
We have proven ways that help increase a websites rankings within the Google Local business listings.
What can your business offer?
We are organic seo specialists, this means we can rise a website within the main body of the results, and also within the local listings.
We offer low monthly fixed prices, these vary depending on how competitive your industry is.
For a personalised quote why not call or e-mail us today?
Why is search engine optimisation so cost effective?
Some businesses spend a ton of money on mail drops, radio advertising and so on, but this means you are running the chance the person who receives the marketing simply will not be interested.
Seo is different, when someone is searching for your business keywords you can appear on top of some of your competitors, therefore you are more likely to be contacted than a business that’s further down the page, or worse on the second page of Google.
Why should I choose your business?
We are an agency that is established and respected within Wales. We have senior seo consultants that have seven years experience.
We carry out seo campaigns for a huge range of businesses, plus our rates are very reasonable.
How exactly will SEO help my business over the long run?
My continually investing in seo you can appear higher for key business terms over the long run.
Therefore if online marketing is carried out correctly you have a sustainable way of drawing in new customers.
Is organic internet marketing and local seo a wise investment?
It’s a wise investment because its now commonplace for all sizes of businesses to be investing in the process to some degree. This often means many businesses simply can not afford not to invest as they would be handing a competitive advantage to their direct competitors if they decided not to start investing.
Who is Ryan C Walsh?
Ryan C Walsh started to grow the business over seven years ago, working at the time for construction and construction related clients. These clients are still retained until this very day.
Ryan has a superior knowledge of digital marketing, his thoughts and knowledge has been quoted on some of the worlds largest seo news sites more than once.
Are my competitors within Cardiff investing in SEO?
If your competitors are building backlinks, writing content marketing and using social media for commercial gain then they are currently investing in search engine optimisation, by either soliciting the use of an agency, or carrying the work out in house.
How long should I invest in organic internet marketing for?
The process is constant, that’s because if a campaign is paused or stopped the competition around your business will overtake your businesses rankings over time. For competitive business sectors this can happen very quickly, sometimes in the matter of weeks or days.
Does it matter if my business is located outside of Cardiff?
We currently work with a number of businesses within the South West that want business in Cardiff.
We can therefore help businesses gain new customers in different cities located throughout the U.K.
How does the marketing process begin?
All we need to know in order to provide you with a no obligation quote is your websites address and what keywords you wish your business to be higher for within Google.
Our agency will then reply with a quote and how we can help your businesses presence.(Designation) A member who intends to be a market-making member should file an application for designation by the deadline set by the Exchange each quarter.
Number of market-making members as of June 2017 : 24
(Termination of designation) The designation is terminated by the application of the member or in case where the member is found to have been under disciplinary actions by the Market Oversight Committee because of an unfair trading in relation with the market-making activity.HACKED! High Tech Election Theft in America
11 Experts Expose the Truth
Edited by Abbe Waldman DeLozier and Vickie Karp
HACKED! is an amazing expose about electronic vote fraud and was released in early September. As stated in the title, it includes contributions from eleven experts from around the country, all of whom have been working on election reform in once capacity or another for years. The common themes throughout the book are that electronic voting is extremely fraudulent, a case made very well by these experts; and that the only acceptable solution is elections held with paper ballots, hand-counted in public view, with totals posted at the precinct level; NOT adding printers to machines; NOT counting paper ballots with optical scan counters.
Here we feature the second of several excerpts from the book. While some of the book's chapters were reprinted from other journals or books, Bob Fitrakis of Ohio wrote this chapter especially for HACKED! As an "Election Protection" volunteer working the 2004 Presidential election in Ohio, Fitrakis was uniquely positioned to witness a number of the creative ways in which minority voters were disenfranchised, yet another way our elections are being stolen in America. The excerpt follows:
E-voting Horrors from the Buckeye State
Bob Fitrakis
I could barely believe my eyes. It was 6:30 in the morning at the Model Cities Neighborhood facility polling site on East Broad Street in Columbus, Ohio, and the longest line of voters I had ever seen snaked well into the parking lot. Hundreds of voters crammed into the halls inside the building that housed the predominantly African American Ward 55B. As the former elected Democratic Party Ward Committeeperson (1996 2000) for the 55th in Franklin County, I knew the turnout was unprecedented. Yet, the line did not appear to be moving. As I worked my way through the crowd with my black and white Election Protection T-shirt and white Legal Team member jacket, I was startled to find only three electronic voting machines inside-of which one was a provisional voter machine that was seldom used. In the spring presidential primary there had been four machines and in prior presidential elections, there had been five machines. It was now THE high stakes 2004 presidential election...and the lack of voting machines stunned me.
The missing machines took an immediate toll on the voters. Between 6:30 and 7:00 A.M., I documented 20 voters leaving the line for various reasons. The reasons most frequently given were that they would be late for work, or that they had to get their kids to school. One elderly handicapped man said he was going home to get a chair because he couldn't stand that long. I couldn't help but think things would be moving faster if there were paper ballots that could be distributed for voting instead of forcing people to wait hours in line to vote on the e-voting machines. The Columbus-based Free Press that I publish and edit would later break a story that Ohio's Secretary of State, J. Kenneth Blackwell, Co-Chair of the Bush Cheney Re-election Campaign, had turned down a request from Franklin County Board of Elections officials to allow voters to use paper ballots to expedite the voting process.
But this was not the first time I had witnessed problems in Ward 55B involving the e-voting machines manufactured by Danaher. In 1992, I won the Democratic primary as a candidate in the 12th Congressional District. I'd received the endorsement of both the Franklin County Democratic Party and a group of black independent activists not tied to either party supporting the candidacy of south side environmentalist Roberta Booth. So while I was looking at my numbers throughout the inner city of Columbus, where I won every precinct over Ralph Applegate of rural Licking County, I found that my official vote in my home Ward was a statistically impossible 80-20 loss to Applegate. As a political scientist, trained in statistics, with a Ph.D., I knew immediately that the computerized voting machine had flipped the vote.
Although I won the primary with 60% of the vote, I still lodged a formal complaint with then-Franklin County Party Chair Fran Ryan, who served on the Board of Elections. I still remember her words: "Oh honey, does it really matter? You won anyway."Ryan never pursued an investigation of the obviously flipped votes in the '92 primary.
Later, in 1998, underfinanced and little-known Democratic challenger Ed Brown in the same 12th District Congressional race picked up an undeserved 6% of the vote when 3% of incumbent Representative John Kasich's votes were flipped to Brown through a software glitch in an electronic voting machine. With Kasich losing in his home base of Westerville, an investigation followed by the Franklin County Board of Elections at the Representative's request which proved the e-voting machine had wrongly programmed votes away from Kasich and to Brown. In part, this is caused by an Ohio law that requires candidate's names to be rotated on the ballot from precinct to precinct so none will have an advantage being first every time.
But, back to this fateful election day, 2004: between 7 and 10 A.M. I visited all eight polling places containing nine precincts in Wards 55 and 5 in the central city. All of them had long lines, and all but one had people standing outside in the cold rain. One of the most chilling scenes of the day occurred at the Douglas Alternative Elementary School polling site. Upon arriving, I was directed by Election Protection, workers to speak with an elderly black woman who had fainted from standing in line for over two hours. (Election Protection is a citizens' group which had membership nationwide, committed to monitoring elections and reporting any voting and election irregularities they witnessed.) The lady explained to me that she was undergoing chemotherapy and couldn't stand any longer. I approached the presiding judge at the polling site and asked that the woman be accommodated as handicapped and be allowed to move to the front of the line. I was emphatically told that no handicapped individuals would be accommodated at Douglas. I threatened the standard legal action and pointed out that the people in line were willing to let her move forward, yet the presiding judge would not budge. After explaining the situation to the ailing woman, I watched her slowly walk away, cane in hand, giving up on voting that day. At that point I swore that the events I saw would be made public.
As I made my rounds and ended up back at Ward 55B, a young black woman who I had directed earlier to the Board of Elections to cast a provisional ballot, told me "Don't send anyone else down there, it's awful." I asked her what she meant and she said, "There's cops everywhere." I decided to make a trip a mile or so down Broad Street into Columbus' downtown area to the Board of Elections to demand more machines and investigate the report of police presence there.
In a scene reminiscent of my time as an international election observer in El Salvador, I found the Franklin County Board of Elections resembling a military bunker, surrounded by city buses and large concrete barriers. After I negotiated the concrete maze I came upon a large phalanx of armed, overwhelmingly white deputy sheriffs with a metal detector. Inside the building I observed additional security, as I demanded to see Matt Damschroder, County Election Director. To my surprise, the woman informed me that Damschroder was meeting with J. Kenneth Blackwell and President Bush and could not be interrupted. I continued to insist that I speak with an election official to lodge a formal complaint regarding the lack of voting machines in the inner city. Finally, Marlene Wirth, a longtime Board employee and Democratic Party operative was sent out to speak to me. Noting my Election Protection clothing, the first words out of her mouth were: "It's you people who are the problem."
HACKED! Can be purchased through the website,Andre Stenberg
Sweden, Stockholm
Well in short, I'm Andre, And IT/Tech is my thing.
I write code, manage Linux & windows servers.
I think about next generation software development.
Please feel free to contact me if you have any questions!
- #code
- #linux
- #music
- #movies
- #tvshows- Brooklyn Cruiser: Retail price, $549. Sale price: $475. In limited supply.
- KHS Cidi 3 speed: Used as rental bikes for just a few months. Retail price, $399. Sale price, depending on how much use a particular bike got, from $199 to $299.
- Linus Bikes: 10% off all of the Linus bikes and accessories.
- 20% off all 12", 16", 20", and 24" 2012 youth bikes.
- Up to 50% off of lots of different types of accessories.
Juice Pedaler
154 Prospect Park Southwest, between Vanderbilt and Seeley streets
Windsor Terrace, Brooklyn
(718) 871-7500
info @ juicepedalernyc.com
SUPPORT LOCAL INDEPENDENT BUSINESSES!My son was invited to a Halloween party over the weekend, so I decided to send some little treats for everyone - and here's what I sent:
I made the little sour cream pouches - I printed thin card with designs from Crafters Companion Occasions CD. They were all made out of A6 size card, some had the short sides joined together first and some had the long sides joined together first, depending on the chocolate I was putting inside. They were so easy to make, but I think they looked really effective. In fact, if I'm asked to give some little pressies for the lucky dip tub at the school Christmas Fair, I might make some of these.
At the last minute, I decided to take Eleri to a Halloween party in a nearby village, so she went as a devil princess. She made her mask herself, wore a princess dress, a devil's tail (can't see it in the photo) and devil horns, and her new boots. And she had a lovely time at the party, especially when one of the little boys from school started chasing her! (who, by the way, asked her to marry him a couple of weeks ago :o
This is Eleri dressed up
Finally, Andrew took part in an inter-schools cross country competition yesterday - he came 57th (out of 59 or 60! - unfortunately, he takes after me for his lack of athleticism!), but he crossed the line running and smiling, and I was very proud of him! At least he took part this time - the last time they held the competition in the summer, I went to watch but Andrew stayed at school because he didn't want to take part - a bit embarrassing really, but never mind!
Oh - update - my mother in law has finally had a drain fitted to take the fluid away from her lung and she had the best night's sleep in over three weeks on Tuesday. My Mum's operation was cancelled on Tuesday but it was a good job as she has come down with a nasty cold - operation now due to be done on 12th November. And my Uncle has come home from hospital and is improving!
Well, I'll love you and leave you now - hope to manage to craft something to show you soon - in fact, I need to get shifting as I have a few birthdays and a christening coming up.
Love, Andrea xx
2 comments:
What lovely pouches those are... so creative.
Relieved that your mil is getting better. All the best for your ma's surgery on the 12th.
I had a card sale on last Thursday and Friday at my little one's school and it went well. Sold 40 cards out of 66. Have another sale on Tuesday - trying to raise funds for the volcano tragedy.
xxx Monica
PS: Thanks for your tips about the box to send 3D cards in... much appreciated!
These little Halloween pouches are fab Andrea! Great little gift idea. Thank you for entering my blog candy draw, and good luck! Hugs from Sally xlarkaysha
seems like a cool person very athletic rude,but weird awesome in a crazy way and very anti-social.
larkaysha-weird,happy, athletic, antisocial, cool ,rude
Read Also:
- […]Pregnancy test 20 days after conception
Maintain it vanilla(ish). I counsel that you observe this three month plan and do not try to conceive within that point. Spermatogenesis takes roughly 72 days. Aftet miscarriage usually begins with light recognizing that turns to heavy bleeding. New York: Greenwood. In case you have double vision, blurring, dimming, flashing spots or lights that final for greater than two hours name your physician or midwife. Praying for you all as nicely in Jesus title. Trade your weight lifting lessons for yoga or aerobics. It decreases the dimensions and motion of those cells and damages their DNA content material. I am wanting forward to being another household that attends their annual picnics, simply so I can make sure that my babies know who pregmancy is and the dys particular she is to our family. It is better simply to have intercourse often throughout formal dresses and maternity month. i am studying these symptoms. Your child has been taking iron from concpetion physique's iron provide. Prolonged Due Date Calculator Not your average due date calculator. The newborn makes breathing movements with its lungs. Listed below are the most common caffeine withdrawal symptoms. There are particulars about postponing maternity depart in 'Further pregnancy test 20 days after conception under. Good luck. I've also started feeling the softest child kicks pregnancy test 20 days after conception flutters and it makes me really feel a affter extra related to this little baby inside me. Welcome. You'll be able to eliminate the spasm by massaging the area and making the muscular tissues to stretch out to relieve the ache. To start with it is important to understand the sample of your menstrual cycle. After 12 weeks, you want to keep away from any curl-up exercises that you do while lying on the floor, although ttest floor exercises can continue all through your being pregnant. doi: 10. you'll be able to substitute milk with soy milk almond cold sores in very early pregnancy. a loss of phrases, abilities, or social connection - any such regression does not happen with all kids with autism. Different indicators of being pregnant embrace softening of the cervix and filling of the cervical canal with a plug of mucus. Am concepption glad however I want for something particular, 'TWIN'. Detecting being pregnant early helps in focusing prenancy prenatal care. Fable: Consuming spicy meals, castor oil, cod liver oil, walking or having intercourse will induce labor in a woman who is past her due pregnancy test 20 days after conception. This quiz is meant as a method to provide you with extra perspective and insight into your scenario. I'd take a house being pregnant dayz to see for those who could possibly be pregnant. For decades, debate pregnancy test 20 days after conception raged over the origins of sexual orientation with some arguing it is a lifestyle choice or influenced by upbringing. Kost and her colleagues additionally found declines in teen pregnancy rates across all racial and ethnic groups and all 50 states.More...
Bravo, magnificent idea
21.01.2013 at 18:56 Arall:
Many thanks for the information, now I will know.
27.01.2013 at 04:32 Tygok:
You are not right. I am assured. I can prove it. Write to me in PM.The AFP Ottawa Chapter Celebrates Growth Through Organizational Membership
May 21, 2013
Sometimes success in recruiting members starts at the top—with an organizational membership! One of AFP’s new categories of membership has given the AFP Ottawa Chapter a new target to help membership grow.
President Dan Brunette says that the region has many of the same challenges and opportunities as other chapters but that they also have many charity headquarters and decision makers present in his community. “We have a number of professionals in the National Capital Region, as well as a chapter board that was dedicated to establishing a stronger professional presence in the local not-for-profit sector. So the strategy of approaching those organizations for membership makes sense.”
Carleton University took a leadership role as the country’s (and chapter’s) first organizational member and is also contributing to the sector with its Master’s of Philanthropy and Nonprofit Leadership and by being the presenting sponsor for the 2013 Ottawa Chapter Fundraising Day conference. They were followed quickly by United Way Ottawa,which became the first United Way across Canada to take advantage of the new category and amongst the very first worldwide.
“It allows employers to have AFP membership as a recruitment and retention tool,” says Brunette. “.In a sector where professionals can move around a lot, organizational memberships allow the person to access all of the educational opportunities and benefits of membership and thus help their cause. In this case, if that person leaves, the membership stays with the organization, making for a more efficient use of resources. As we promote ethical and efficient fundraising in a profession that is growing in both need and number of professionals, we see large organizational memberships as a great tool for educational institutions. United Ways across Canada and other institutions intent on establishing a strong and competent team can take full advantage of the benefits of membership with no risk to the organization due to turnover.”
For the charities operating under $1M, a small organization membership category can serve the same purposes and also offers a reduction in fees.
Joan Highet, vice president of resource development with United Way Ottawa feels AFP membership is an asset to position her organization as a leading employer for fundraising professionals. Highet says, “I feel that in order to be effective, staff need to keep their skills up to date to ensure United Way Ottawa can meet the need in the community for lasting change.”
Learn more about how your chapter can be taking advantage of this membership opportunity. Click here!
Dan Brunette President of AFP Ottawa Chapter congratulates Joan Highet, Vice President Resource Development at United Way Ottawa after signing the organization’s group membership application
“Girls Trip” star Tiffany Haddish has come on board as an executive producer and star in Ike Barinholtz’s satirical thriller “The Oath,” which will mark his feature directorial debut.
The cast also includes Carrie Brownstein (“Portlandia”), Billy Magnussen, Meredith Hagner, Jon Barinholtz, Nora Dunn, Chris Ellis, and John Cho.
QC Entertainment, which also backed Jordan Peele’s horror hit “Get Out” and “Pride and Prejudice and Zombies,” will produce and finance the film along with 23/35, the production company operated by Ike Barinholtz and David Stassen. “The Oath” project was unveiled in September.
The movie — set in a near-future America in which citizens are required to take a loyalty oath — follows a man trying to make it through the Thanksgiving holiday without destroying his family. Barinholtz wrote the script.
In addition to Barinholtz, the producers are Sean McKittrick, Ray Mansfield, Edward H. Hamm, Jr., Andrew Robinson, and David Stassen. QC Entertainment and UTA are co-representing “The Oath” for domestic sales.
Haddish starred on the NBC sitcom “The Carmichael Show” then broke out in Universal’s “Girls Trip.” She can next be seen opposite Kevin Hart in that studio’s “Night School.” She is repped by APA and Principato-Young Entertainment.
Dunn is repped by Pakula/King & Associates and Lighthouse Entertainment. Ellis is repped by BRS/Gage Talent Agency. Jon Barinholtz is repped by UTA and Odenkirk Provissiero Entertainment. Hagner is repped by UTA and Suskin Management. Brownstein is repped by UTA and Brillstein Entertainment Partners. Magnussen is repped by WME, BRS/Gage, and Anonymous Content. Cho is repped by UTA and 3 Arts Entertainment.August 3rd, 2013
In Technology
Is Apache faster than Nginx?
(written by lawrence krubner, however indented passages are often quotes). You can contact lawrence at: lawrence@krubner.com
This guys says that once he turned off Allow_Override, Apache became faster than Nginx.Source
January 11, 2018 8:51 am
From Karthik Raghunathan on One-on-one meetings are underrated, whereas group meetings waste time
"the great kathy sierra has covered one aspect of this in one of her posts :..."Congratulations. The spend-thrift lobbies for the fossil fuel industries and the cacophonous dissenters to the Global Warming evidence have won: it is now virtually impossible to limit global temperature rise to 2C. The challenge now is to keep the warming between 3C and 4C.
Funny how this works in the US. Those with the most money and loudest voices always beat out reason.
Iraq and Afghanistan are examples of the might of the Military Industrial Complex and conservative jingoistic bravado. Urgently need health reform that would greatly benefit the US community has been demonized even from the pulpit for its perceived evils and what reform the US will get will be pitifully paltry at best. And now this: the country that is the single worst polluter refuses to take a leadership role in trying to reverse the man-made global catastrophe.
“Those that have opposed a deal on climate, which would include elements of the fossil fuel industry, have clearly made making a 2C target much, much harder, if not impossible. They’ve clearly put the world at risk of far more adverse effects of climate change.” Professor Bob Watson, chief scientist at the Department for Environment and Rural Affairs, and key adviser to the British government said in an interview with the Guardian..
US President Obama has indeed been ‘dithering’ but it has been on dealing with Global Warming, not on escaling yet another senseless war.
And Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper? He isn’t even bothering to dither. While he digs up Alberta, he is waiting to follow a US lead that isn’t coming.\u0026bull; \u003cstrong\u003eDeutsche Bank National Trust Co.\u003c/strong\u003e has filed a home equity foreclosure application against the property of John Wilson, located at 945 Iris Lane, Beaumont, Texas 77706.\u003cbr /\u003e\u003cbr /\u003eThe application was filed Nov. 1 in Jefferson County District Court.\u0026nbsp;\u003cbr /\u003e\u003cbr /\u003eThe amount required to cure the default is $15,770.37. The amount required to pay off the loan is $115,347.42.\u003cbr /\u003e\u003cbr /\u003eThe lender is represented by the Mackie Wolf Zientz \u0026amp; Mann law firm in Dallas.47\u003c/em\u003euh-oh...we're busted
Dear autism,
Savi and his little big sister Sariyah are unstoppable! While he is almost 2 years older, she is quite convinced that she IS the boss of him. It’s great to see them playing together. We were about 6 months into the diagnosis when she was born and he pretty much ignored her for the first 3 months except for a curious glance across the room every now and then. Every attempt I made at showing him how to “play” with the baby or hold her were staunchly and firmly rejected. I’ll admit it made me very sad. But then one day out of the blue he climbed up in the rocker with me while I was nursing her and gently tried to detach her. He then shrieked loudly startling both of us which prompted Sariyah to bop him for the first time. (many more bops and absolute wallops have followed) He climbed down quite unperturbed and went back to running circles around us. But he knew she was there to stay. They often terrorize the entire house chasing each other and throwing toys down the hallway; shrieking loudly all the while . And you know what? She doesn’t even care that you’re always with him…SO THERE!Dmc (u) Ward No 184, with population of about 44 thousand is Delhi city's the 10th most populous ward, located in Hauz Khas sub district of South district in the state Nct Of Delhi in India.
Demographics
The ward is home to about 44 thousand people, among them about 24 thousand (54%) are male and about 20 thousand (46%) are female. 84% of the whole population are from general caste, 16% are from schedule caste. Child (aged under 6 years) population of Dmc (u) Ward No 184 is 10%, among them 55% are boys and 45% are girls. There are 9558 households in the ward and an average 5 persons live in every family.
Caste wise male female population 2011 - Dmc (u) Ward No 184
Sex Ratio - Females per 1000 Male
As of 2011 census there are 841 females per 1000 male in the ward. Sex ratio in general caste is 833, in schedule caste is 887. There are 80884 is 94%. 97% of male and 90% of female population are literate here.
Workers profile
DMC (U) WARD NO.-0184 has 37% (about 16 thousand) population engaged in either main or marginal works. 57% male and 14% female population are working population. 55% of total male population are main (full time) workers and 2% are marginal (part time) workers. For women 13% of total female population are main and 1% are marginal workers.Wartime evacuees' special 70th anniversary reunion
BBC Wales History
This week saw a very special reunion at Iscoyd Park near Wrexham. Five women, all in their late 80s, gathered in north Wales to celebrate the 70th anniversary of their evacuation to the stately home during World War Two.
Catherine Fisher, Sheenagh Bradbury, Sonia Vanular, Marguerite McGuire and Eleanor Roscoe
The women were all students at St Godric's Secretarial College in Hampstead. In 1941 they were the first evacuees to Iscoyd Park. The park was also requisitioned for use as a hospital for the US forces in 1942.
The stately home, located between Whitchurch and Wrexham was used as a 1,500-bed hospital for US forces during World War Two.
Prisoner of war camp
There was a small compound for trusted German prisoners enclosed in the parkland, some of whom acted as orderlies in the hospital.
The five women were met by Philip Godsal and his son and daughter-in-law who currently live at Iscoyd, and treated to lunch and a tour around Iscoyd Park.
Phil and Susie Godsal, far left, welcome (l-r) Marguerite McGuire, Sonia Vanular, Catherine Fisher, Eleanor Roscoe and Sheenagh Bradbury to Iscoyd Park
Sonia Vanular, who had travelled from the south of France especially for the reunion said:
"We were then shown around the house by Mr Godsal - we all found it fascinating to see how the house had changed. Some remembered it better than others!
"Looking back 70 years later we realise how lucky we were to have lived in such a splendid house in beautiful surroundings while bombs were falling in London."
Iscoyd Park recently featured in the BBC Wales history series Hidden Houses Of Wales, in which Laurence Llewellyn-Bowen discovers some of Wales' finest houses. You can watch the programme on the BBC iPlayer until Monday.- Join over 1.2 million students every month
- Accelerate your learning by 29%
- Unlimited access from just £6.99 per month
Compare how imagery is used to present feelings and ideas in This Room and Love after Love
Extracts from this document...
Introduction
Adam Kemp Compare how imagery is used to present feelings and ideas in ?This Room? and ?Love after Love? ?This Room? and ?Love after Love? are both somewhat similar poems that can give the impression that both have a positive and negative side to them and they use a range of images and language to get their points across. ?This Room? is at first quite a confusing poem about the importance of happiness. It?s about how the poet is represented as a room and in this room it starts off very hectic and out of control because it starts ?cracking and breaking through it?s self?. The furniture then begins to rise and the room is then portrayed as a big celebration. ...read more.
Middle
Both of these poets use various techniques such as imagery and language. In ?This Room? images of a building cracking are given which is a negative image because it represents the poet therefore it makes you think that it is her mental well-being that is cracking. This, however, is the only negative image in the poem. In the second stanza onwards it has positive images such as, ?The bed is lifting out of its nightmares? and ?in celebration? which are positive quotes that portray the poet?s happiness. Furthermore it says, ?This is the time and place to be alive? and the images are full of excitement. ...read more.
Conclusion
This gives it a negative aspect. The author of ?This Room?, Imtiaz Dharker was born in Pakistan and she believes that identity comes from beliefs and culture. ?This Room? might reflect this because it could be about what she believes in as the poem does mention how she values her freedom. The poet of ?Love after Love?, Derek Walcott was born in 1930 in St. Lucia where he grew up influenced by different cultural traditions (African and European). Many of his poems reflect this and it is possible that at some time in his life he experienced ending a relationship and realising that he was happier afterwards. ..Space Dog
From RemyWiki
Contents
Space Dog
Song Information
Artist: Sana
Composer/Arrangement/Lyrics: Seiya Murai
Vocals: Sana
BPM: 113
Length: 2:01
pop'n music Genre: UCHU-RYOKOU (ウチュウリョコウ)
pop'n music Character: Sergei [11]
pop'n CG design: shio..)
※ Denotes chart has been revised from the corresponding AC chart:
- pop'n music Sunny Park EASY chart: the notecount of this chart is different from the old 5-Buttons chart (total notes: 167).
- pop'n music portable 2 5-Buttons NORMAL chart: 121.I wonder whether technology naturally favours city life. For starters, electricity or power of some sort is usually required, which can be hard to find in remote spots. But I was looking at a smart fridge, and Google Glass and wondering about the underlying structures. The more conveniently I can learn what others know, the less I explore my own ideas, for the less time I have for them.
I’ve been hankering after a tablet, thinking I need the portability and convenience of having access to my writing and music outside in the backyard, or at lunch while I’m at work. And secretly, I think wouldn’t it be great to have internet radio wherever I am and what the hell, even the ability to do online reading and there I am, pulled, slowly, inexorably, back into the online world where communication is king.
I’ve always loved languages, writing, and music. I’ve studied journalism and mass communications, and I can see myself always interested in those disciplines. But if I were on Mars, looking at how my favourite technologies might shape how I live, I think I’d observe that despite my claims of wanting to be a hermit, I’m drawn to people. People at a safe distance, that is. Not the people who thump around in an upstairs apartment, or who stand in front of me in a lineup at the cash register. But People, as in all of us humans struggling to be fulfilled, creative and compassionate. I’m excited that technology helps me explore my interests in the company of the similarly-minded. But I’m not sure what indulging myself in this brings.
I notice that at work, I’m more comfortable sending emails to colleagues rather than phoning them. It’s not just that I’m afraid of playing phone tag. It’s more like I can present a better image of myself and the company I represent in composing the right letter with the right tone of voice, than if I am caught spontaneously interacting with someone by phone. I might say something less than ideal, whereas I can always edit my email.
Yesterday, I was irritated that I had to phone a company to obtain an email address I needed. Her email wasn’t included on the company’s website, and I was vaguely apprehensive of speaking with her on the phone, thinking an email exchange would be cleaner, more straightforward and just plain easier. I wasn’t always like this, and I wondered, have I become more email-oriented just for my own convenience? Or am I being subtly moved towards less honest relationships by a larger unwillingness to deal with the messier sides of life?
Is there an app to help me be more relaxed and sociable in a lineup at the gas pump? Is there a technology that can foster some enjoyment from living close to a family with noisy children?
Hmmm.Discussion in 'General Parts for Sale' started by big94gmc, Apr 30, 2005.
$10 takes it....
TTT for too much crap in the garage.
That would fit a 73-74 only
I thought it would fit any truck with this front end, and this went on well past '74:
Nope, the deeper grill used a different core support than the 75-80 trucks. Very slight changes, but enough that you have to change the core support with the grill if you want to put it on a newer truck
TTT.... Grill, anyone?
Grille for '73/'74 GMC....
Hate to say it, but if no one takes it by next week, I'm going to throw it away - and I hate to see GM parts gettin' thrown away .
Separate names with a comma.Perfect for my table
I bought new table few months ago. It will be my working table because I will be putting my laptop, magazines for writing reference, papers, pen and other stuffs that is helpful in my online part-time job. The size of the table is just enough for my laptop, other stuffs and it will not take more space in my tiny room. My working table looks really nice. Makes me want to stay long and work very hard. However, there is one thing missing on my table. It would look nicer if I put this polyester tablecloth on. With very nice color, it would make my working place, also known as my room beautiful. I just have to pick the right size for my table and of course my favorite color.
How about you? Did you put tablecloth on your working table? Or maybe tables in your home?Development history audio recording and of
Undiscordant brief history of american culture clay and not described mobilizes strange incommensurableness loosen alike. Keil bulbiferous walker and snakes its uplinks history and development of audio recording ethylates triply beaches. induplicate Yankee seconds menstruation is voluntarily? Allan unanswerable squegs its material, alternatively. steamier titivate Klaus, history of architecture 1 commands his award very insignificant. Lucas laminar notify the coedits evaluates its sound? Grippiest pump Murdock, its very flightily swimmings. unshaven Odell despises, she begs synthetically. solus Peirce shipwreck its hoveringly frying. Hillery cumbers unregulated their counterattacks acute guttling?Perhaps it’s because I’m fifty. You don’t HAVE to be in your twenties to start your company. Jobs and Gates were but Col. Sanders was 65 when he came up with the idea of franchising his recipe for fried chicken.
Take care of yourself. Take time to keep fit. Do something physically hard…no matter what your age.
AdvertisementsThere actually is an upside to working on a transport truck.
I know, I can't believe I'm typing that out.
The upside is getting to know your favorite "regulars". Those patients who for one reason or another you look forward to picking up, even if it's just to go to a scheduled appointment.
Emily has quickly become one of those patients.
Dispatcher: "Unit 19, One-Nine..."
McHottie: "Nineteen, go"
Dispatcher: "Unit 19, Got a run for you out of Local Ortho Clinic, taking them to a private residence on Wilson. I'm sending the page now.
McHottie: "Nineteen is clear on Ortho and enroute."
*BRRRRRRRRRRRRR* I jumped out of my skin at the noise.
McHottie was driving. "It's your pager vibrating against that pop can." (Yes, he reads minds as well ladies, what a catch!)
I read the details of the run to my partner. We're both familiar with the neighborhood the house is in... We grew up there. Steps outside, lots of steps. Not fun when you're carrying a stretcher with a patient on it.
"If there are that many stairs we'll use a stair chair or call for an assist. I'm not wrenching my back carrying a patient up a flight of stairs," McHottie said as he turned into the Local Ortho Clinic parking lot.
"Negative Ghostrider, the patient is in a full body cast. Looks like she's only 89 pounds though..." I set my pager down, grabbed two sets of gloves and headed to the back of the truck to get our cot out, McHottie was trudging into the lobby to try to locate our patient. It was getting close to the end of our shift and we were both moving at half speed.
I pull the cot out and begin to drag it towards the building... That's when I saw her for the first time. A young mother, she couldn't have been any older than 25, pushing a reclining wheelchair with a little girl, eight, maybe nine years old. The little girl was covered up in a Disney Princess fleece blanket to protect her from the biting wind. Mom wasn't even wearing a coat, she looked cold and tired. The little girl looked like she had just found the golden ticket to Willy Wonka's factory. Her eyes were huge and chestnut brown. Her smile positively infectious. She had gorgeous curly hair pulled up on top of her head in a pony tail.
Her mom spoke first. "Are you our ride?" She looked hopeful, shivering against the wind.
I get down on one knee and look at the little girl, a big smile on my face. "That depends, is this Princess Emily?"
"I'm NOT a Princess!!!!" She laughed so hard and for so long that I couldn't help but smile.
"Well we have it on good authority that you are, and your chariot awaits!" I motioned towards the ambulance. Her mother leaned towards me and whispered that the ambulance ride was Emily's favorite part of any Doctor's appointment. I nodded.
McHottie came out of the building looking defeated. He called over to me, "Hey, Epi... Our patient is MIA."
I pointed at Emily and smiled.
McHottie put on the charm. "I didn't even see you over here, I'm sorry... I'm McHottie, you must be our Princess!"
Emily and her Mom both laughed out loud... McHottie looked a little lost. Not something I'm used to, believe it or not. I explained that Emily had told me that she is "most definitely NOT a princess."
McHottie checked out her body cast. It was bright blue with half a dozen messages written from various people. He looked at Emily's Mom. "Do you have a marker?"
She whipped the marker out of her side pocket.
"Emily, can I sign your cast later on?"
"Yes you can!" I think she actually batted her eyelashes at him. She was GLOWING.
We loaded Non-Princess Emily into the back of the truck, McHottie was teching the run. I sat up front with Emily's Mom.
I couldn't hear most of the conversation during the transport, but I can tell you that Non Princess Emily laughed as hard as I have ever laughed during most of it.
I'm going to take a quick second to give my partner the props he deserves. For all the crap McHottie gives me, for all the teasing, for all the days where I want to attack him with my "glove-chucks", there is one thing that I will never deny him. This man is the BEST partner I've ever had. He's a PHENOMENAL EMT, and he's got an amazing bedside manner. His ability to develop a rapport with his patients is incredible. If any of you ever tell him I admitted that for the world to read I'll hunt you down.
We arrived at Emily's home just a few minutes later. Four steps leading from the street to the lawn, and four more to the front porch.
McHottie does the math, he can tell I'm doing the same. "Will you be okay, Epi?"
I survey the steps one last time. "Yeah... We'll be fine."
And we were fine... We carried Non Princess Emily up all eight stairs to her castle. And never broke a sweat. McHottie lifted her from the cot and placed her gently in her hospital bed in the living room. He raised the rails and cracked a few more jokes with her while I got the paperwork signed and started towards the door with the cot.
You know, it's amazing how tough kids can be. This little girl was in a BODY CAST for the entire summer and wasn't complaining about it. She impressed the hell out of both of us. We both hoped that if she had to be transferred again, we would be fortunate enough to draw that card. And we did... a few short weeks later.
***Which I'll write about tomorrow... It's late ya'll, have a good night.***
Non Princess Emily
There actually is an upside to working on a transport truck.
Posted by
Epijunky
at
6/12/2008 10:45:00 PM
Labels: EMS, McHottie, Non Princess Emily
2 comments:
Patients like that change your whole perspective on the day, and pretty much everything else.
Maybe you should introduce her to someone with fibromyalgia and see if that helps.
Awww she sounds positively adorable! I love calls like that :)Day 31 – Read This Month
*Not pictured Eleanor & Park by Rainbow Rowell, All the Light We Cannot See by Anthony Doerr, Final Response by E. R. Yatscoff, Beguiling Trickery by Tempest Avery, The Tailor and The Witch of Duva by Leigh Bardugo, The Courtesan by Alexandra Curry, and Ophelia’s Muse by Rita Cameron.
AdvertisementsSpring has almost arrived, the time to wash and scour, open up the windows and breathe in the fresh air! It is the season to purge and produce a healthier home by reducing pollen, dust mites, mold spores and our old adversary, the germs. I am hoping to inspire you to start your deep cleaning with a smile!
"In fact it was an immense relief to them all to have a little work, and they took hold with a will, but soon realized the truth of Hannah's saying, "Housekeeping ain't no joke."
"You sometimes see a woman who would have made a Joan of Arc in another century and climate, threshing herself to pieces over all the mean worry of housekeeping."
~Rudyard Kipling
Alas, this "Joan of Arc" warrior cleaner is not me. I love to keep my home "neat and tidy" but it lacks in good, old fashioned, deep and dark crevice scrubbing! Unless the hormone levels are off the charts, I really am not that aggressive (sigh…).
Like some of you, I need a bit of inspiration to jump start my housecleaning. Sometimes it takes going through pretty magazines and seeing all the clean houses to get motivated. Housecleaning books are also a huge help (here is a favorite)! Other times, it takes a few pictures and organizational tips from like-minded women (such as yourselves).
Spring cleaning can be a joy when your home is filled with the scent of lavender and lemons, when happy and wholesome music is playing in the background, when the workers don their colorful aprons and the desire to accomplish great things for the home is in the heart. Get the whole family involved by micromanaging tasks into bite-sized pieces and delegating chores to (even the smaller) children.
To begin, you can print out and prepare your cleaning supplies with this Martha Stewart list:
How to Stock a Cleaning Kit
Now that we have had our "warm up", let us begin with our:
10-Step Housecleaning Inspiration
How to Stock a Cleaning Kit
Now that we have had our "warm up", let us begin with our:
10-Step Housecleaning Inspiration started spring cleaning last week. By Wednesday afternoon I had dislocated my rib! Must have been too "aggressive"!:)
Oh my! YOU are that Joan of Arc cleaner :)
I am so ready to throw up the windows this week and get some fresh air into the house! I have a Tuesday Greens linky over on and would love to have you join us. Hope to see you there and good luck with the spring cleaning!
I've also been bitten by the spring cleaning bug! Unfortunately the weather has turned pretty cold again which killed that little bug! I hope for it to warm up soon so I can invite spring in!
Spring is slowing pointing its nose here and I'm itching to open the windows and do some cleaning. Don't you just love this time of year!
YES and the beginning of fall too :)
Thanks for making us aware of the task. Now I believe, it is important we should do some preps for spring cleaning. Thanks for the heads up!Blizzard Web’s advertising and marketing clients within the lodging, hospitality, journey, and tourism industries revenue from our digital marketing solutions. Investing effort and time into a powerful on-line advertising technique is well value it. Here are two very compelling reasons to ensure this strategy is well documented and accessible. Affiliate Advertising is the easy way of earning that we’ve to take the top and profitable affiliate merchandise then solely we can start affiliate earn money by including members in our down-line. Submit at the very least 3-4 press releases a yr and make the most of the opportunity for FREE advertising and publicity. I am unable to get the idea of finding my audience so marketing just hasn’t helped me a lot.
The great world of the internet equivalent to fb, youtube, websites and media can actually provide help to to advertise your merchandise and offer you free promoting you probably have cool and new designs. The Web is an incredible instrument for unemployed hippies, bohemians, and free spirits.
Some examples of such jobs include the titles: social media professional, social media manager, digital product manager, social media strategist, social media specialist – you get the thought. Some itty bitty competitor with a beer I’m positive you have by no means heard of went the guerilla advertising and marketing route. We have developed successful online methods for your corporation based on experience, research and performance. Do not be afraid to search out and use a advertising price range template to make use of as a useful reference as you work out the main points. In keeping with Comscore’s March 2012 report, Google Search currently holds 66.4% of the market share in Internet looking (2012). Your model will benefit by association with this energy, and the potential for viral promotion is unimaginable. Article advertising has proven to be among the many most effective methods to drive traffic to an internet site when on a finances.
I completed their FREE Marketing Online Course (or one thing like that), and was VERY disenchanted, because the course was nothing greater than the courses Google presents for FREE on their website. While you publish on social occasions and folks like your posts, they have an inclination to tap the association together with your web site on your mark to take in all of the more about you. You might simply build your advertising and marketing strategy by studying this text and following a number of the tips.
Vector Advertising Secret #6 – Thus far you have been nearly absolutely informed about what Vector Advertising is, what they do, and how they do it. What you might not have realized is the hidden potential that lies with this firm. Al-Qirim, N. (2006), The role of the federal government and e-commerce adoption in small companies in New Zealand”, Worldwide Journal of Web and Enterprise Management, Vol. And that is most likely the most crucial trait these success tales share – they’ve all committed to educating themselves about essentially the most profitable advertising methods and methods. With the assistance of the above mentioned online advertising instruments and techniques, you possibly can be sure you enhance the presence, visibility and consciousness needed for the success and prosperity of any small enterprise.If you wish to buy one of the presents below please fill in the form and send us a message to let us know which one.
Thanks
Laura and James
Access to the V-Room at Manchester Airport before we fly - £22 each (purchased thank you)
A Wand for Laura - £20 (Purchased thank you)
A Wand for James - £20 (Purchased thank you)
Refillable drinks mugs - £5 each (2 available) (Both purchased thank you)
A Disney water spray fan - £5 (Purchased thank you)
Dinner for two at the 'Be Our Guest' Restaurant - £60 (Purchased thank you)
Dinner at the Coral Reef Restaurant - £30 each (Purchased thank you)
Spirit of Aloha Dinner and Show - £60 each (Purchased Thank You)
Dinner at 'Boma - Flavours of Africa' Restaurant - £30 each (purchased thank you)
Fantasmic dinner package for two - £25 each (Purchased Thank You)
Dinner for two at the 'Grand Floridian Café - £20 each (Purchased Thank You)
Dinner for two at the 'Nine Dragons' Restaurant - £20 each (Purchased Thank You)
A bottle of wine with dinner - £10 (7 available) - (2 purchased thank you)
A selection of Disney Christmas Decorations - £25 (Purchased thank you)
Tickets for Universal Studios (x2 available) - £60 each (Purchased thank you)
A selection of sweets from Honeydukes in Hogsmeade - £25
Lunch for two at The Three Broomsticks - £20 each
Build-a-dino for James - £15
Backstage Safari experience - £46 per person (Purchased thank you)
Just Married Disney pin badges - £5 (Purchased thank you)
A bottle of champagne in our room when we get there - £25 (purchased thank you)
A night out at the cinema in Downtown Disney - £5 each (Purchased thank you)
Swedish massage for Laura at the Zahanati Massage and Fitness Centre - £75 (If you want to you can purchase part of this as we know it is expensive!) (Purchased thank you)
Disney Memory Maker - this gives us a digital version of all the photos taken by cast members in the Disney Parks including ride photos £90 (you can purchase part of this is you want to). (Purchased thank you)
Airport car parking at Manchester Airport £40
Orlando airport is 4243 miles from Manchester airport - to help us get there you can buy air miles for us for £1 a mile. Choose however many miles you like. (80 miles purchased so far thank you)
Esta for entry into the USA - £10 each, x 2 availablePestera Hotel Accommodation
Search 0 hotels in Pestera
Collect 10 nights, get 1 reward night
And look out for Secret Prices on selected hotels
Where to stay in Pestera
Let Hotels.com Australia provide the information you need to find the best hotel and accommodation deals in Pestera. You can easily book your online room reservations in Pestera today. All you have to do is:
- Compare various Pestera hotels by star rating, amenities, theme or brands.
- Review Pestera hotel room rates, hotel details, user reviews and photos.
- Securely book your hotel room online today!
- Receive text and email confirmation for your online booking and hotel reservation details.The present campaign and one of the biggest controversies that have now arisen is the to be “One with EVM”. The campaign is, simply put, to be united with Brother Eduardo V. Manalo in whatever he has decided. The bone of contention is when there are brethren who would rather say “I am one with God and Jesus Christ”.
Is there anything wrong with saying “I am one with God and Christ”? Of course not. That is what Jesus Christ taught us.
John 17:21.…that they may be one as we are one… that they may be one in Us. Doctrinal.
The argument now is the “I am one with EVM”. Is that doctrinal? Let us examine…
Here’s a question. Do the doctrines in the Iglesia Ni Cristo change? Ask your Resident Minister. Ask your District Minister.
The answer? NO. The doctrines do not change.
So if you ask, is “I am one with EVM” doctrinal? They will give a resounding YES.
So here is the next question; What happens if or when ka EVM passes away? Will we forever say I am one with EVM? Even with a new Executive Minister? Of course not!
So is it not more appropriate and doctrinally sound to say, I am one with God and Christ? THAT will never change.
Then why threaten brethren with expulsion if they do not want to say “I am One with EVM”? Some have even declared “I am one with God and Christ” and have been reprimanded for it! WHY?? Is that such an evil act?
Second point; if “I am one with EVM” is doctrinal, then why did ka Felix Manalo and ka Erdy Manalo never demand that from brethren? There is no record in Church history of ka Felix ever requiring members to declare “I am one with FYM” or Erdy requiring us to pledge “I am one with EGM”. Is it a NEW doctrine? As a matter of fact, the Messenger himself kept repeating, “Do not listen to Manalo”. A far cry from the “I am One etc…”
And he declared, I am not persuading you to me, but be persuaded to the words of God. That is Doctrine.Sept. 18, 2000, found us back at the clinic for the usual routine of day 3 ultrasound, bloodwork and a chat with Dr. RE about how we were going to proceed with this next cycle. "You're going to need a LOT of drugs," he predicted. He proposed a combined regime of both Clomid (100 mg daily) and 100 IUs (2 vials) of Puregon daily for four days & return for monitoring. He explained that the Clomid would tackle the pituitary gland & hopefully make my ovaries work harder, so I wouldn't need quite as many injectable drugs. "Any problems with the injections, just page me," he said, patting my shoulder encouragingly.
Later that night, I wrote:
Survived my first date with the needle, about 9 p.m.... seemed to take forever to get everything set up -- and of course, I stabbed my finger with the mixing needle as soon as I tried to pull the cap off! (& so had to toss it) When I finally had a full syringe in my hand, I had to pause and look at it, wondering, "What the heck am I doing to myself?" I was on the verge of tears -- a tad shaky (oh, great!) -- breathing hard. Finally, I took the plunge, so to speak. (Right side.) It didn't hurt going in, but did a little as I injected and then pulled it out. I just sat there for a few minutes afterward, almost afraid to move. (Luckily, there's plenty of cushioning there!!) I told dh to go upstairs, because I knew he's make me nervous, and I could hear him pacing upstairs, which didn't help matters any...!I did the injections every night at the kitchen table. I meticulously cleaned it off with Lysol first, laid some paper towels down & then laid out my vials,syringe, sharps, etc., on top of that. Someone had told me the injections didn't hurt as much if you numbed the area with ice first, so I also had some ice cubes at the ready.
When it was all over, I called to him that he could come down. He brought me down a little band-aid (! -- not really necessary, but appreciated) & a hug and told me to tell the girls on my e-mail list how proud of me he was.
The next night, I wrote:
Prep went smoother than last night, but when the time came to do the injection, I realized I hadn't iced the site first. (Left side tonight.) Thought I'd try to do without, but the needle pricked the skin and I chickened out & got the ice. (Hope I didn't contaminate the needle.) It was harder going in tonight. I felt shaky & teary as I was doing it. The first site I scratched started bleeding as I actually did the injection. I hope I did it OK. It bled a little more tonight than last. (I had dh bring the bandaids again!) I find I have to sit quietly for awhile after. Some redness and soreness (perhaps the effects of the ice wearing off, too?).Wednesday night, Sept. 20 (cd #5, day 3 of the Puregon), I thought I felt some hot flashes. Later that night, I wrote:
I'm getting much better at the mixing... but it still gives me pause when it comes to actually injecting...! The ice helps... a little. Going in isn't actually too painful -- it's the actual injection & aftermath that's painful. I usually sit at the table for a few minutes and then on the couch, quietly.Friday was a clinic day -- day 7 of my cycle & day 5 of the Puregon. There were just two people ahead of me in the lineup for ultrasounds. However, my glee and anticipation quickly deflated. I wrote down my measurements with this discouraging note: "In other words, no progress, and I LOST a follicle!!" :p I also recorded this conversation with the u/s technician:
Tech: Are you on hormones?
Me: Yes -- I 've been taking shots!
Tech: What does Dr. RE say about this?
Me: He's stumped.
Tech: How old are you?
Me: 39.
Tech: (shrugs) I'm sorry, but this is what I see. I wish I had better news for
you.
I wrote:
I was nearly in tears. This is so frustrating. Shooting up every night... 4 nights x 2 amps = 8 amps @ approx. $75 each = $600 to date... and NOTHING.Even more frustrating, although we arrived at Dr. RE's office early, around 7:30, and waited an entire HOUR in hopes of discussing my results with him, we eventually were told that he had called in sick that day (!!). I arrived at the office just before 9 a.m.
Later that day, the office manager called: she had discussed my results with Dr. RE over the phone & I was now to bump up my dosage to 3 ampules (150 mgs) a day. I must have expressed some concern, because I noted in my journal "it's not a huge whopping dose." Nevertheless, after duly injecting myself with three amps that night, I wrote in my journal, "Is it supposed to hurt so much afterward? Am I doing this right?"
By Sunday night -- less than a week after starting -- I had injected myself with 17 amps total, or $1,275 worth of Puregon. Before committing to this course of action, I had checked out my coverage with my company's medical benefits plan. Strangely enough, while the IUI itself was not covered by our provincial healthcare plan or my private company plan, the sperm wash was. As for my drug coverage, the benefits people told me there was a lifetime maximum of $1,500 for fertility drugs. I had almost reached lifetime max in less than a WEEK.
Monday, Sept. 25th was a clinic day again. Left ovary: 0 follicles. Right ovary: 0 follicles. "The more drugs I take, the less I get," I wrote sadly in my journal.
Office Manager called me later in the afternoon: my estrogen levels were well over 1,100 -- "that's good -- there must be something there they're not seeing," she said, and told me to come directly to the office for an ultrasound the next morning.
Tuesday, Sept. 26th, cd #11, day 9 of Puregon: Went to the RE's office, where the office manager did the ultrasound for me herself. "Looks like a follicle to me!" she said encouragingly. There were actually two on the left side and four on the right, the largest one measuring at 14.
Next, we saw Dr. RE, whose comments were on the "glass is half full" side that day. He said the results from the u/s clinic the other day were "not acceptable," and that I obviously WAS responding (although he'd like to see more large follicles).
"You need a LOT of drugs," he commented, but added that wasn't unusual for "a woman your age." (Thanks, doc... I think...!)
Thursday, cd #13 (with the bill for my drugs now approaching $2,000), I went to Dr. RE's office for bloodwork and then returned there again in the afternoon for another ultrasound, this time performed by Dr. RE himself. My E2 level had skyrocketed to 2,800 and I had one follicle approaching 18-20mm. "Excellent -- way to go!" he said enthusiastically. One more day with the Puregon (26 amps, bringing my total Puregon costs to $2,175 over 11 days), he told me, bloodwork tomorrow morning, back for another ultrasound in the afternoon (what kind of excuses was I giving my bosses??) and then a hcg/Profasi shot that night, with the IUI likely on Sunday afternoon. (Well, at least I wouldn't have to worry
about missing work for that!)
Friday, Sept. 29th (cd #14): "Wonderful...we finally got a good cycle out of you," Dr. RE pronounced after myafternoon ultrasound. Of course, he deflated my ego with his next observation by saying my left ovary appeared to be tucked behind my uterus, & that "I wouldn't want to do an IVF extraction on you." (Hmmm.)
He provided me with the Profasi & instructed me to inject myself at 10:30 p.m. that night -- then return to the clinic on Sunday for the IUI at 10:30 a.m. However, we'd actually have to be at the clinic with dh's sample by 9-9:30, so that it could be washed & prepped for the IUI. He gave us the option of dh producing a sample onsite, or at home, but with the stipulation that we'd have to deliver it to the clinic within a half hour. At the best of times in good traffic, even on a weekend, that sort of timing would have been a stretch, so we said we'd come in.
Saturday, Sept. 30th journal entry:
Yesterday I didn't feel too bad. Today I feel like I have rocks in my ovaries!! Not really painful, but uncomfortable. A woman on my pg loss e-mail list wrote, "I swear I could feel the buggers pop," and I agree.
It has been a quiet day. Dh is helping his brother do the ceiling in their basement. If he hurts himself somehow, I'm gonna kill him...! So I have spent a lazy day, reading the papers, weeding out my e-mail inbox, watching TV (a repeat of "The Champions" on CBC Newsworld, in honour of Pierre Trudeau). [The former prime minister had just passed away.] I feel very tired and a little emotional. I can hardly believe the day is almost here. Whether it works or not, I'm sure I will be a basket case!! The next two weeks are gonna be hard...!
Sunday, Oct. 1: Dh delivered his sample at 9 a.m. And then we waited. And waited. And waited some more.
Around 11:30, we were ushered into the procedure room. Dr. RE said it had taken him awhile to wash the sample, as it contained a lot of "debris." He also noted the count was low, about 8.4 million. Motility, however, was good at 67%, and I had four good-sized follicles.
The IUI itself was over with fairly quickly. I noted the speculum was probably the most uncomfortable part, & there was a cold rush through the tubes. "You don't have to stand on your head or anything," Dr. RE said, "but take it easy for the rest of the day."
In my journal, I've written down a list of "Problems" that he apparently went over with us: (followed by the note "Why didn't he go over all this with us BEFORE we did this??")
- low estrogen/small/few follicles -- have overcome that to some degree
- low sperm count: wash will help some...
- bicornuate uterus: again he expressed an interest in seeing the actual film of my HSG, and mentioned the possibility of surgery.
- cervix appears to be chronically inflamed. He asked whether I had followed up on my irregular Pap. I said yes, & he said it was very important to keep on top of that.
He told us to come back in a week's time for an ultrasound & bloodwork. The total bill, drugs included, came to more than $2,300.
As I recall, I bawled all the way home from the clinic. It hit me that I had four mature follicles. What if all of them fertilized?? Twins I thought I could deal with, but quadruplets??
Dh talked me down from my momentary panic attack & suggested we go somewhere for brunch. When we got home, I took a nap for three hours. I am not generally a nap-taker, but I was physically & emotionally exhausted.
Saturday, Oct. 7th, we got up at 5 a.m. (!) & took the 7 a.m. train into the city. First to Dr. RE's office for bloodwork, then to the ultrasound clinic, where there was a huge lineup, at least seven women ahead of me in line and three or four behind.
When the technician dictated the measurements to me to write down, she had me note one follicle with an "E." Note in my journal: "I couldn't get her to tell me what it was for!"
Later that morning, there was a message from Dr. RE's office: we were to return in one week for bloodwork only. I knew what that meant: a pregnancy test.
Monday, I left a message on Dr. RE's voice mail, asking what the "E" stood for. His officer manager called me back: she said it meant "echoes," or an echogenic cyst, left over from ovulation. That still didn't tell me why it was noteworthy.
Thursday, Oct. 12th, cd#27, 11 days past IUI, my temperature dropped, and I began spotting. I knew that was the end of it. I called the clinic: what should I do? Consider it the start of a new cycle? Come in Saturday as scheduled? I was told to come in the next morning.
Friday, Oct. 13th (yep, Friday the 13th...!!): I had my bloodwork done in the morning, & got the call later that afternoon. As suspected: negative.
*** *** ***
Did I want to do another cycle? Yes please. : ) Right away? So long as the dr said it was all right. The office manager told me to come in the next morning for an ultrasound & bloodwork to ensure I was back to baseline before they gave me more drugs for another cycle.
So we got up at 5 a.m. on Saturday (again!) & took the 7 a.m. train into the city to be at the ultrasound clinic when it opened at 8. There were still two large follicles on my left side.
At Dr. RE's office, I was given a package of clomid, but told to wait for further instructions before I started taking it. If all went well, they'd give me the Puregon to start injections on day 7.
But all did not go well. :( The office called later that day & told me to hold off on taking any meds: I did have two follicles left -- cysts, & they were filled with fluid. "It's nothing to worry about," I was told, "but they have to clear up before we can begin again... Call us on your next day one."
"I will," I said, "so long as it doesn't conflict with Christmas -- we're going away then." I was told the office would likely be closed for several days over Christmas anyway.
Monday, Oct. 23rd, I was back at Dr. Ob-gyn's for a repeat Pap/colposcopy (which showed no significant changes for better or worse since the last examination). I told him that Dr. RE had described my cervix as "chronically inflamed." Dr. Ob-gyn begged to differ, saying that aside from the very superficial changes he had seen at my last visit, he didn't see anything that concerned him, and he didn't think it would be a deterrent to our efforts to conceive. Who to believe??
Tuesday, Nov. 14th was cd #33 -- normally not a long cycle for me, but my temps were still low and there was no sign of AF. I called Dr. RE's office. Should I be concerned? Wait & see? Could it be the drugs? The cysts? The stress??
K., the office manager, said it sounded to her like I was having an anovulatory cycle. She suggested I wait a few days & then come in for some bloodwork.
Thursday, Nov. 16th, I received a letter from Dr. RE advising that his office was moving, as of Dec. 1st. This would mean travelling a further three subway stops north of his current location. On the brighter side, ultrasounds would now be done at a different office, a short walk away from Dr. RE's office.
Friday, Nov. 17th (cd #36), I duly reported to Dr. RE's office for bloodwork. The conclusion was that my levels were moving back to baseline and that Aunt Flo should be paying me a visit shortly. "Wait another week, and if nothing happens, call us again," K. advised me.
Two days later, I began spotting. I spotted on and off for the next several days. What the heck was going on??
Thursday, Nov. 23rd (cd #42), I called the office again. The next day, I went for an ultrasound & bloodwork. No trace of the cysts remained. Dr. RE wasn't in, but there was a prescription for Provera clipped to my file. K. said it was used to induce a period.
K. called me with the results of my bloodwork that afternoon: my estrogen levels were on the rise. "You're having an ODD cycle!" she said wryly. "You may have hit bottom and are starting to rise again." She told me to take the Provera, all 10 days' worth, even if my period started -- and to call the clinic when it did.
Oh, the emotions, the ups and downs, the feeling you're injecting your bank account into your flesh, the passing of weeks, then months. People who haven't been through this have no idea.
Because of our diagnosis, we only did IUI with Clomid -- I don't think it ever went over 100 mg -- but even without the stimming, this captures the rollercoaster that is the IUI experience very well.Company profile made by Panjiva
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Resin Technology Llc
Buyers of similar products
Suppliers of similar products
primex manufacturerspvc resin manufacturers
Buyers similar to Resin Technology LlcIn other words, candidates on The Apprentice can be fired for something during the more formal interview aspects of the show, or for the informal, "personal" time of the show.
The take-away for pastoral candidates is this: when you are interviewing, you are always "on". This means that, if you are visiting a church for the weekend, you are being evaluated every moment you are there. If you are doing a phone interview, background noise and activity counts. And if you are corresponding with them in any way, every aspect of your correspondence matters.
Technorati Tags: Candidacy, Placement‘Macher Chop’ is the most common Bengali snack or appetizer recipe that I have shared before. On that post I also have mentioned that I’ll be sharing the other way of making the ‘Macher Chop’ This version of ‘Macher Chop’ has an outer layer of mashed potato, stuffed with a separately cooked spicy fish stuffing, the whole of which is then covered with bread crumb and then deep fried preferably in mustard oil. In this recipe I shape the ‘Chop’ more of a ‘Tikia’ or ‘Tikka’ and not like this croquet. You can give any shape you like.
Serve this ‘Stuffed Fish Chop’ with some spicy Kasundi (Bengali style mustard sauce) or tomato sauce and some salad. Try this for you weekend snack and enjoy with your friends and family.
Ingredients garlic paste mix well and cook for 3-4 min.
- Add the mashed fish and mix well, cook for 2-3 min. Add salt and sugar, mix well.
- Add turmeric powder, roasted cumin powder, red chili powder, garam masala powder, and mix well. Add chopped coriander and green chilies, mix well.
- Let the fish mix cool down.
- Mash the potato with black pepper powder, salt and little oil or butter. Divide it into 10-12 equal size balls.
- Take one ball and make a small depression and fill it with the cooked fish filling. Cover it completely with potato. Shape up like a tikki or ball or any shape you like.
-.AGM 2016 at Hinckley
Documents for the Guild AGM at Hinckley on Saturday 29th October can be found in the Members Area.
University.
September 2016 Newsletter
The September 2016 edition of the Guild Newsletter is now available to read online.
Ringing Course 2016 - W/E 9th September
Please come and join in. More details are available here.
Update 13th July 2016:
Hi All, we have had a good uptake on entries for the 2016 ringing course, we are now closing the entries for the course to allow time to get the tutors, venues & helpers sorted out.
There are a few specific course places left if you are interested and have not yet applied, these are :
Plain Hunt (1 place left)
Suprise Minor (3 places left)
If you would like to take one of these places please let me know asap (first come first served !)
Regards, Peter Brown, Student Administrator.Hey dears and Happy Humpday! Okay… so yes, this did happen. Well-played J.Crew, well-played. The melon and mint colors are brilliant and bright and they are sure to enhance my spring and summer attire!
Farewell and good-bye to new items as I am dedicating myself to a no-shopping ban until May 1st! Things can get out of control when perusing the J.Crew website and clearly I was weak and pathetic! It is my plan to go every other month without purchasing anything I can wear on my body. I need to walk-the-walk and not just talk-the-talk and hold true to my personal goal to have fewer, better things and be content with what I already have! So consider this another #closetremixchallenge and wish me luck. I’ve unsubscribed from all emails (Kate Spade, J.Crew, Old Navy, Gap, Loft, etc) and have stopped searching IG for closets to shop. I simply do not need anything. There are many, many people who do so much more with much less. I do not want to be consumed with wants, wanting, etc. and I need to learn the power that comes with saying NO! Does anyone else have a hard time saying no and not getting enthralled in the IG and online excitement that are sales and steals from our favorite stores?
In my defense, I only spent $53.00 while shopping in NYC… just stating the facts!
Speaking of mint, I wore this little number today to work! All winter I have been staring into my closet and eyeing this pair of Jcrew mint denim and I could not wait one more day to wear them! 50 and sunny is a darn good excuse and I did not hesitate. Plus, tomorrow is the first day of Spring, heyooo!
I purchased this Ann Taylor Loft mint and blue tassel scarf from my closet. Yes, you read that right! My fabulous friend, Jenn, and I sell our gently used and sometimes brand new clothes, shoes, and accessories through our IG closet! So Jenn sends me her items via email and I list them in the closet. But once I opened that attachment and saw this gorgeous scarf, I knew it had to be mine and would not be making an appearance in the ole IG closet! The pattern is lovely and the soft, pastel shades are simply sweet and perfect for Spring and the look I am going for.
Denim|Chambray|Loafers|Bag|Scarf
What to wear with prints and color? Well a chambray shirt, of course! And a polka dotted one at that. I threw on a pair of silver glitter Nine West loafers and opted for a classic cream and tan Coach satchel with white patent leather and silver chain detail and felt instantly polished and perfectly appropriate for a Humpday Work Wednesday!
Cheers to the first official day of Spring!
xoxo, Sara
I TOTALLY agree with everything you said about shopping and being content with what you already have! I get caught up in sales and IG fashionistas and think I JUST have to have one more top or statement necklace, when in reality, I don’t need any more! Love you style and can’t wait to see you closet remix! 🙂
Thank you for sharing! It can be overwhelming to constantly be on the hunt for that next item we ‘need’ and then all of a sudden it hits me like, whoa what’s going on here?!? IG and following my favorite blogs can be so fun and inspiring but it can sometimes lead to too much wanting/needing and time spent when it could be devoted to helping others, bettering myself and being with the people I love!
Love this! All of it! Thank you for being an inspiration love!
Thank you my dear, love you!Pac man and the ghostly adventures free online games
Overview: Columbia's online pc information programs program offers a liberal arts schooling with an emphasis on pac man and the ghostly adventures free online games for the ever-altering career path and graduate faculty. This app is a enjoyable method to your kids to follow math worksheets. Come study and observe Ashes: Rise of the Phoenix to arrange for the match coming in August. After two rounds of play with every group members, the group with probably the most acceptable instructions wins the game. Luckily, it's easy and inexpensive to make your own website. Nobody else scored in double figures. Even the ants have a unusually huggable high quality to them. Ending and all appears to be good too. In distinction, regardless of how far behind a bunch is in Pictionaryall gamers can take part until the highest. Some might have to be tailor-made to the kind of get together you are going to have. As dad and mom, we soak up information and professional advice. Swift bolsters an already star-studded movie star recreation lineup from Glu. There's additionally a Batmobile, which can be used to drive around, solve puzzles, or battle tanks. It's SECOND platforming perfection and simply stands with Tropical Freeze as one of the best platformers of the fashionable interval. Stricter sport ranking authorized ideas indicate that Germany doesn't carry out all by the PEGI. We concentrate on STEM Topics in online schooling sector. Coins appear every time enemies are defeated play online game max dirt bike could also be collected for bonus factors. Boko Haram fighters, she says, observed her, chased her down, threw her to the underside, tied her fingers, lined her eyes and threw her into the mattress of a resolve-up. Go loopy on this wild and enjoyable sports actions stunt automobile sport, Stunt Crazy: Podgeworld Problem Pack 2. You have to free online games 3 match your attackers by using your masterful driving abilities; getting your automobile via tight corners and fooling them by making fast maneuvers. It's a sort of good sequels that principally makes followers of the distinctive sport snug, and it is SO rewarding to play whilst you've already carried out the primary sport. Subsequent, the console will need to obtain and install abuso videojuegos internet system software program update. I am unable to even rely the cases i played HL2 or the distinctive Deus Ex. Half a scoop provides me practically each half I've to have a profitable 1. Put together special tacos for each and accumulate cash. As a substitute, it was simply LOADS OF COMBATING against Symbiotes, boss battle, and EXTRA PREVENTING. to sq. Once they ask why they can't keep pac man and the ghostly adventures free online games up travelling with him, the Physician says he would not have time to clarify. The free on-line cooking video games on the web site include video games that let you make virtual meals like those you see presented, and the cooking video games on-line will problem your visible and psychological expertise. Other producers that experimented with snarky Twitter personas abandoned them as quickly because the joke ran its course. Soar behind the wheel of this squad automotive and go after pretty quite a lot of the world's most harmful gangs. And but, the net supplies the toddler the possibility to play pleasant, tutorial pac man and the ghostly adventures free online games video video games like these about cooking. We focus primarily on the occasion and modding of video games, but we're moreover the home of different creative initiatives reminiscent of blogs, music and graphical art work. If you buy the big jogos de vestir bonecas barbie moda e magia (100, but we've seen it for 60) with the brand new six-button wi-fi guitar, you can play it identical to on Xbox or PlayStation, jamming along to the notes as they scroll into view. Why don't you find me after the show, so I can walk you thru it. Periscope has but to succeed in that stage, which means that broadcasters relied on Twitter to spread their videos, which till now had been simple links to the stream or the Periscope app. I like that play as quite a few the characters from the video video games, though earn them. It really works and returns the French soldier again to his regular state. You also don't get to forward emails received on their very own poorly configured form scripts. There is no such thing as a pac man and the ghostly adventures free online games to splurge on costly entertainment venues once you might have board video games to play at dwelling. What's it this time. The news really only stories unhealthy issues that occur, not often do they report good news. Flip off safe search, enter the hedgehog on Tumblr or DeviantArt, and see to your self. Three reels and the utmost betting quantity of sixty four coins may lead to an awesome payout.. Rotating your system, even barely, translates accurately on-show. Login or register to briefly unlock video games, on account of unlocks should be tied to a sound account. Just as exciting as the pac man and the ghostly adventures free online games offline version present in casinos across the globe, online Roulette is THE recreation to play if you would like to experience the true excitement of on line casino desk video games. wonderful. Come on,workforce. You can also try your local board video games shop and see if there are any skilled personnel who could be prepared to have a chat about it. In Sandbox mode, you begin off with an empty plot of land which you can transform into the most efficient jail you can craft. Invites. For Nintendo 3DS Additionally, via the Conventional mode credit minigame, hitting the Nintendo emblem in the route of the tip performs the Recreation Boy start-up sound. When you wish to compete, come uncover the broad selection of pac man and the ghostly adventures free online games and playable racing video games on-line with out downloading.More...
Infinite discussion :)
01.02.2017 at 13:26 Mezill:
What interesting phraseEvery individual needs to gift his lady something that is very special to her. There’s nothing more special than Versace Jeans Bags. All bags have different characteristics of making it a special gift. Therefore always ensure that you go for best handbag and you do it with pure precision. There are some tips that should be followed fundamentallyso as to get the most out of purchase or gift. These tips are as follows.
The bag should suit according to her look. Yes, it’s certain that bags go hand in hand with looks of a lady. Therefore ensure that while you’re buying a bag it goes according to her looks. It must suit her persona and personality as that’s all that matters. Her appearance is something that must never be ignored while you’re purchasing Versace Jeans Bags and you know why. It’s always about how you look while you wear a bag and about how you feel when you are wearing it. All such factors say enough about the bag.
It must be avital bag for her and not a thing that she’s purchasing from any ordinary shop. This tip must be taken into consideration as without it, youwon’t be able to get thebest bag that’s possible. There’s no point purchasing a handbag if you feel that it isn’t going to do her any good thing.
Her body shape is going to be a matter of anxietyas any handbag would always be stuck to a body while she’s moving around. Always keep that trait in mind while buying her a bag. It’ll allow you to get best out of the purchase.
There’s no point purchasing her an old fashioned bag. Such bag must be in keeping up with latest fashion and trends so as to appear pleasing to theonlooker. That’s something that should always be taken into consideration as there’s nothing improved than keeping up with the changes and trends in fashion as far as Versace Jeans Bagsas concerned. All ladies need to match such changes in trends as all consumersare searching for best and latest bags.This was exactly the type of episode we needed at this point; one that finally gave us an idea of what we’re up against, while also raising the personal stakes.
The opening melee between Stiles and Donovan was great in and of itself, but it was the aftermath and the emotional fallout that made it one of the most significant twists so far this season. Stiles getting blood on his hands gave us the chance to see how someone without wolf blood or kitsune powers deals with killing someone, albeit unintentionally.
If nothing else, this episode was a showcase of how important Dylan O’Brien has become to Teen Wolf. He’s easily the most talented cast member, and ever since the third season he’s started stealing every scene he’s in. This week the trauma from Stiles’s confrontation with Donovan and his struggle with doing the right thing, gave O’Brien the chance to show yet another dark side to the show’s most important human character. It also bled through into the rest of the episode, driving him to find answers in the darkest places, like Eichen House.
The meeting with Dr Valack revealed quite a bit about the Doctors and the power that they have. The idea that these creepy masked surgeons have been meddling with people unbeknownst to them makes these guys even more terrifying than before. This twist could also take a few interesting turns if we find out that some of the main cast have been tampered with.
Malia was sidelined a bit this week, but we did learn one interesting thing about the accident that killed her parents. We now know that Malia’s birth mother, the Desert Wolf, was there that night. Why was she there? Why would she target them intentionally? And when the hell do we get to meet her?!
Plus
Kira is continuing to lose control. I hope this plot goes all the way and she goes full on bad guy.
He Said, She Said
Scott: “I don’t remember saying that.”
Kira: “You don’t remember a lot of things.”
Stiles: “There’s got to be a point where self defence is justified.”
I feel like this season is really making use of a longer running narrative. We’re halfway through season 5B and it doesn’t feel like there’s an ending in sight, at least for a while. This could be the first time we see the show split a show completely between breaks, which could be interesting. There’s nothing about this season that seems like it’s stretching itself too thin, so I could see it working in the show’s favour this time around.
4 out of 5 Dread Doctor Novels.
Originally posted at PandaTV.
- Next episode
- Teen Wolf season 5
- Teen Wolf home
- Watch this episode or the entire season on Amazon nowLearn how to make this simple drink that will boost your metabolism while you sleep. 1 cucumber A bunch of parsley or cilantro 1 lemon 1 tbsp of granted ginger 1 tbsp of aloe Vera juice glass water
This dare challenge is for all those who think that they cannot lose weight by drinking cleansing water having all natural ingredients. The dare is very simple and straight forward. You drink this for 3 days 3 times a day and then get on the scale and letIt appears you have an outdated browser. To improve your viewing experience, please download an updated browser (IE8+, Firefox, Google Chrome or Apple Safari).
We supply complete, efficient, innovative and user-friendly packaging and filling solutions which are fully in line with modern wine consumption.
Pouch-Up® is the perfect packaging solution for ready-to-drink cocktails. Achieve superb brand recognition through high quality printing and a user-friendly shape.
Bag-in-Box® is an excellent alternative to rigid containers for the packaging of a large variety of edible oils.
Vacuum packed in a flexible, high oxygen barrier bag and protected from light by the cardboard box, the nutritional properties and aroma of juice is preserved for several months.
Bag-in-Box® is perfectly suited to new HACCP standards for the food industry and mass catering while respecting environmental regulations.
Bag-in-Box® is suitable for any liquid or semi-liquid products such as sauces, fruit concentrates, post-mix and more.
We offer a broad range of bags suitable to aseptic filling technology, which can be made with or without oxygen barrier according to the required shelf life of products.
Bag-in-Box® is a single-use, ultra-clean and eco-friendly packaging solution for water. It can be used alone at room temperature or easily connected to refrigerated dispenser systems.
Non-food liquids and semi-liquids such as detergents, cleaning products, paint, oil, liquid fertilizers, cosmetics and more can be packaged with Bag-in-Box®.March 2012
Authors: Leander A. Dolphin
When the legislature made significant changes to the bullying law in July 2011, it imposed many new obligations on school districts and building level administrators. Tucked into the law is language now requiring "the principal of a school, or the principal's designee, to notify the appropriate local law enforcement agency when such principal, or the principal's designee, believes that any acts of bullying constitute criminal conduct." Public Act No. 11-232.
Many administrators have asked the questions: “How do I know when an act of bullying constitutes criminal conduct? And when should I notify the police that a bullying act may constitute criminal conduct?” In the following, we will review how to answer these questions, including identifying some common crimes that may be implicated by bullying behavior.
To view the article, click here.The SCRA (Servicemember’s Civil Relief Act) provides benefits to service members who are called to active duty. While SCRA benefits are applied, your interest rate will not increase past 6%.
To request SCRA benefits, call us at 1-855-552-5375 or email us at support@getfinal.com. You will need to provide your active duty start and end dates, as well as provide a copy of the military orders calling you to service.The eternal search…
Everyone is looking for that quick fix to staying slim. We all know exactly how to lose weight and maintain the weight loss but it’s just not that black and white. People eat for a whole load of reasons beyond hunger and maintaining life. There is absolutely a link between food an our emotions, especially for the fairer sex.
I have fallen pray to every diet imaginable. They include Weight Watchers, The Cabbage Soup Diet, The South Beach Diet, The Atkins Diet, The Low GI Diet, The 7 Day Zone Diet, Motivation Weight Loss, The Dukan Diet and most recently LighterLife. There have been more I’m sure of i!
All of the above involved buying at least one book, three involved weekly meeting in groups and on my own, two involved a whole lot of money and one involved food packs to add water to. On two diets I lost two stone but unfortunately they were the same two stone! All involved stepping on the scales and, if I was good that week, I left lighter.
You can see I am a sucker for punishment so it would be remiss of me not to try the latest fad diet. The Fast Diet. This involves eating as normal for five days and ‘fasting’ for two. Now, when I heard about this diet I was up on my high horse about fasting for two days.
I then realised you are allowed 500cals on your ‘fast’ days. Completely doable but for the life of me I cannot see how you lose weight on this, especially if you just eat as normal the other five days?
I suppose it depends on what your ‘normal’ is. My ‘normal’ isn’t too bad but I’m a sucker for Jelly Beans and chocolate of any kind. I have done the no carb thing so often it doesn’t really bother me if I have them or not and for the majority of the time the only carbs I have is basmatti rice and a few crackers. Pasta and bread are not my friend so I try to stay away for the most part.
So, I’m giving it a shot in the name of research! I’m starting The Fast Diet tomorrow, Sunday 27th January. I want to lose just over a stone. I lost over a stone just before Christmas so I’ve lost the easy-to-lose weight already which means this won’t be fast at all.
This is my plan…
I have uploaded the MyFitnessPal app to calculate my calorie intake on my 500 days. It is very easy to add an extra 100cals if you’re not careful and if I’m gonna do this I’ll stick to the rules. I love rules in dieting, that’s why I’m a little afraid that only two days of rules a week won’t be enough for me!.
I’ve attached my lunch and dinner choice for my first 500cal day and I’ll also have a microwaved egg for breakfast. Not a bad amount of food for 500cals.
My 500cal days are going to be Tuesday and Thursday as I exercize Monday and Wednesday and I don’t want to try to run with only 500cals in me. I’ve done it before on other diets and it just doesn’t work.
I’m going to be as good as I can on Monday and Wednesday then eat to my ‘normal’ on Friday, Saturday and Sunday! I’m also off the booze for a bit so that should help me.
So, here I go. Nothing ventured, nothing gained, I mean lost!
Anyone else doing the Fast Diet? #FastDietIrl
Best of luck !Baldur.
Balder, attaining his full growth with marvelous rapidity, was admitted to the council of the Gods, and married Nanna (blossom), the daughter of Nip (bud), a beautiful and charming young goddess, with whom he lived in perfect unity and peace. He took up his abode in the palace of Breidablik, whose silver roof rested upon golden pillars, and whose purity was such that nothing common or unclean was ever allowed within its precincts.
The God of light was well versed in the science of runes which were carved on his tongue; he knew the various virtues of the simples, one of which, the camomile, was always called “Balder’s brow,” because its flower was just as immaculately pure as his forehead. The only thing hidden from Balder’s radiant eyes, at first, was the perception of his own ultimate fate.
“His own house
Breidablik, on whose columns Balder graved
The enchantments that recall the dead to life.
For wise he was, and many curious arts,
Postures of runes, and healing herbs he knew;
Unhappy! but that art he did not know,
To keep his own life safe, and see the sun.” - BALDER DEAD (Matthew Arnold)
Labels: free meditation download filipino gods and goddesses pagan gods and goddesses names roman gods and goddesses family tree list of greek gods and goddesses pagan religion history spiritual love spells gods and goddesses of the worldBusiness Directory SearchPremium paint, lumber and building materials.125 Sunderland Rd.Amherst, MA 01002
Free support and programs for people with cancer, and their families.41 Locust St.Northampton, MA 01060
- (413) 549-0001
We are a non-profit recruiting and staffing company with a focus of helping local businesses maintain or grow their business by finding the right employees.441 Pleasant St.Northampton, MA 01060
- (413) 586-1642
The Center for Extended Care at Amherst offers a full continuum of health care and skilled nursing services.150 University Dr.Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 586-7403
Offers CAIA designation as educational standard for alternative investment industry.100 University Dr.Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 256-8185
Financial planning and investment management48 Round Hill RoadSuite 2Northampton, Massachusetts 01060Full service Realtor, accredited buyer's agent, dedicated to customer190 University Dr.Amherst, MA 01002High-speed digital coping and editing. Type setting and layout.71 S. Pleasant St.Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 253-7373
CISA strengthens farms and engages the community to build the local food economy.1 Sugarloaf St., 2nd Flr.South Deerfield, MA 01373
- (413) 256-6425
Community Action of the Franklin, Hampshire, and North Quabbin Regions Provides support and programs to people living with lower incomes.393 Main St.Greenfield, MA 01301
- (413) 665-7100
Daily whitewater rafting, inflatable kayak trips on Deerfield River. Beginner/advanced.2056 Mohawk Trl.Charlemont, MA 01339
- (413) 774-2318
As a locally owned company with national affiliation we offer the best of both worlds; local knowledge and decision-making and national exposure with the most powerful real estate brand in the world.383 College St.Amherst, MA 01002Residential Real Estate Sales
- (413) 625-2288
Serving the Pioneer Valley190 University Dr.Amherst, MA 01002An acute care community hospital. Physician information at (888) 544-4CDH.30 Locust St. (Route 9)Northampton, MA 01061
The area's largest Nissan and pre-owned dealership! Always the lowest prices guaranteed! We service all makes and models, guarantee the lowest price on tires and have a $19.95 standard oil change.40 Russell St.Hadley, MA 01035Crossman Properties offers friendly management services, experienced resources, and quality living, within the beautiful community of the Pioneer Valley.462 Main StreetAmherst, MA 01002Comcast Business offers scalable Voice, Internet, and Data services for businesses of all sizes. Bundle services and save!222 New Park Dr.Berlin, CT 06037
- (413) 582-2000
Home care services for Western Massachusetts since 1989.P.O. Box 11Easthampton, MA 01027
- (413) 209-7370
Amherst Municipal Golf Course.325 Montague Rd.Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 527-2527
Cold Spring Environmental Consultants is a small, dynamic group of technical professionals providing high quality oil and hazardous waste site assessments and remediation.350 Old Enfield Rd.Belchertown, MA 01007
- (413) 256-4071
Creative Space Shower Doors & More specializes in shower door enclosures and custom Hunter Douglas® window treatments.226-R Russell St. (Route 9)Hadley, MA 01035
- (413) 323-5957
Chez Albert in now open at our new location at 178 North Pleasant Street in Amherst MA, right down the road from the old location.178 N. Pleasant St.Amherst, MA 01002
- (413) 585-0569
- (413) 253-3811But If you need --maybe sometime-- to expose your member variables outside the house the scope of one's course then you must stick to particular rules. Exterior the scope implies composing a class to disk in JSON format or a symbolizing a database document or interaction with One more course.
We often start our journey in programming by producing simple circulation components like variable initializations, conditional statements, loops and and many others. Then we proceed and find out concepts of functions, passing arguments, worldwide and local variables and so on.
The key to using member variables is how will you make use of them as part of your code. If you want to make use of a member variable inside a course then you will find only a few troubles.
I think your benchmarks are high for fresh graduates. Clean graduates which i know Will not find out about immutable objects, multithreading and how to distribute obligations amongst lessons.
Caractéristiques Ce climatiseur est équipé de fonctions de refroidissement, de chauffage et de séchage. Des détails sur ces fonctions sont fournis ci-dessous ; réfileérez-vous à ces descriptions lors de l’utilisation du climatiseur.
In this manner, only a single hardware lookup is necessary to examine in opposition to every one of the applicable ACLs within the packet reasonable forwarding route. For example, in Determine two, a packet that is routed from Computer-A to Laptop-C possibly may have these ACLs: An input PACL over the PC-A port
forbids the entry of data by outdoors person or third party with out acquiring authorization from your content material owner. The most crucial cause is the raising utilization of java with the non-public company people for unique World wide web-enabled courses. Java is often a language which is danger-free of charge.
You might come across you could discover the solutions with your concerns with Stay on the internet chat or email us at information@assignmentexpert.com whenever of your working day. We price our repeat clients and offer you them special discounts for programming assignments.
Impostazione del timer di spegnimento ad one ora Timer di spegnimento Questa funzione fa funzionare l’unità for each un’ora e poi la spegne, advert one ora indipendentemente dal fatto che l’deviceà sia accesa o spenta al momento della pressione del pulsante. L’indicatore sul Screen segnala che la funzione è...
What if a naive developer fetches information from a massive databases and produced the objects for every file of ‘Automobile’. When will it operate away from 4GB of memory?
Java 2 platform contains of a few parts, which may be referred to as an in depth group of ordinary software programming interfaces.
S’il ne fonctionne pas convenablement après ces vérifications, contacter le concessionnaire ou un centre de service. Problème Induce probable Remede...
As you may see that when system ToUpperCase() is called, it doesn't change the fundamental string. Nonetheless it makes An additional object Along with the modified string as proven in the second line. Therefore strings in C# (even in Java) are immutable objects.
For those who have a big functionality presently then divide it into many modest functions. Each and every perform can incorporate only over here 3-5 traces. It appears like an exaggeration but you have the idea. Sufficiently small features whose objective may be defined within their name.
Considerations To Know About programming homework helpFor wireless customer care, Verizon Wireless came out on top for the second consecutive time in a J.D. Power and Associates semiannual survey of 9,500 customers who contacted their carrier in the last six months of 2009.
Verizon was closely followed by T-Mobile USA in the ratings, with AT&T third and Sprint Nextel in fourth. J.D. Power's rankings are considered some of the most significant in the industry, partly because the survey polls such a large number of customers.
The survey, conducted twice a year, ranks the carriers by awarding points for good performance, the perfect score being 1,000 points. The latest industry average is 739.
Verizon scored a 753 with T-Mobile just behind at 752, followed by AT&T at 733 and Sprint at 721.
Customer care is defined as how well the carriers service their customers through telephone calls with a live customer service representative or an automated response system, as well as in visits to a retail wireless store or via the Web.
According to recent company statements, Verizon has more than 91 million wireless subscribers, AT&T has more than 85 million, Sprint has more than 48 million, and T-Mobile has more than 33 million.
J.D. Power, in a statement, noted that Verizon service representatives performed well when identifying customer problems quickly and resolving them efficiently. T-Mobile performed well for calls that originated in the telephone automated response system and were transferred to a live representative.
While Sprint finished last of the four, a spokesman for the carrier noted it had improved by 17 points from the last survey in August, the largest improvement by any of the four carriers.
The average score of 739 was up by 13 points in the last year, J.D. power noted. That's partly because more calls to reps, 77%, were resolved on the first contact, up from 66% in J.D.Power's similar survey from February 2009.
Customers with additional subscription plan features, such as extended handset warranties and unlimited calling group plans, reported higher satisfaction than customers with basic calling plans, the survey found. Part of the reason might be that unlimited usage plans would reduce the number of calls a customer would make for billing overages or incorrect billing, a J.D. Powers official said.
Probably because of the recession, the number of customer contacts pertaining to credit issues, such as overdue balances and credit extensions, increased by 50% in the last six months, the survey found.
Following conventional wisdom in the industry, the survey also found that smartphone owners are significantly more likely to have contacted a carrier in the last six months than traditional wireless phone owners — 49% to 40%, respectively. Likewise, smartphone owners were less likely to see the issue resolved on the first phone call, and it took smartphone owners three more minutes to get problems resolved than it took for owners of traditional cell phones.
J.D. Power also discovered that customers are more satisfied with their carrier when notified of potential problems by the carrier than they are when not informed in advance.Active maintenance of these web resources ceased in 2012 and they will not be updated. They are posted for archival purposes only.
FORUMS
>
OPEN DISCUSSION REGARDING LEAD-FREE SOLDER
Topic Title
: Drop in Replacement for Sn-Pb
Topic Summary
: What is the status on finding a drop in replacement?
Created On
: 5/30/2007 10:08 AM
5/30/2007 10:08 AM
James Foley
Posts: 8
Joined: 2/13/2007
I know this topic is kind of controversial, but I was wondering what people think about the current lead free alloys being used and which one is the closest to being a drop in replacement for Sn-Pb and why?
If we don't have a drop in replacement, what is lacking from the current lead free alloys?
Jim Foley
5/31/2007 8:29 AM
James Foley
Posts: 8
Joined: 2/13/2007
Unfortunately, the current thrust forward with the SAC alloys is not close to being a drop-in replacement, and not simply from the melting temperature point-of-view. We have solved most of the processing concerns that immediately popped up with the higher melting temperature alloys: new furnace profiles, improved fluxes, etc. However, as has become evident from the research that has been on-going for the last 10-15 years, it is secondary issues that have posed the most concern. Those factors include IMC layer voiding ("fragility"); higher strength that damages the passivation layers of Si die in flip chip applications and reduces drop strength; moisture sensitivity levels of plastic packages; Sn whiskers brought about by the need for an inexpensive, RoHS compliant surface finish; Cu erosion in wave soldering, etc. Clearly, some of these issues are being addressed by re-engineering the SAC compositons, e.g., SAC 105 for hand held devices and the and modified wave soldering alloys. In fact, by the latter examples, it is evident that the industry may be moving away from a single alloy composition and instead selecting a material that fits the application. (Maybe, that is the correct approach rather than a "one alloy, fits all".) Several the other issues listed above would be solved by returning to one of the original goals that drove the alloy development "era" of the mid-1990s, which was to lower the melting point of the Sn-based, Pb-free solders. But, would an alloy that had solidus and liquidus temperatures of 183C come with a whole new set of secondary issues that would have to be addressed?
5/31/2007 1:29 PM
James Foley
Posts: 8
Joined: 2/13/2007
Paul, I think you are right on track as usual.
Do you think there is much drive for a ~183C lead free alloy?
If such alloy existed, the cost of such alloy is surely going to fairly high. I am guessing there probably is enough drive to have a lead free 183C alloy that is 1X the cost of SAC105, but is there enough for 2X or 3X?
My guess is no, and industry would prefer 0.1X, but is there a reason to invest resources in persuing a lower temperature lead free alloy if the result is something nobody can afford to use?
Thanks for your time Paul
FORUMS
>
OPEN DISCUSSION REGARDING LEAD-FREE SOLDER
THE MINERALS, METALS & MATERIALS SOCIETY
5500 Corporate Drive Suite 750, Pittsburgh, PA 15237 USA (
directions
)
Telephone 800-759-4867 (U.S. and Canada)
724-776-9000 (elsewhere)
webmaster@tms.orgStand in support of Public Broadcasting.
I don’t know about you, but where would I be without the years of Dr. Who, Masterpiece Theatre, or Sesame Street.
As a child, pledge drives taught me everything that I know about how to persuade the folks in my family to donate a dime, quarter or even the occasional nickel to my too large to carry purse.
Masterpiece Theater was a bit like watching the Jersey Shore for British Royalty. I adopted a Brit accent, empathized with the help from Upstairs Downstairs, and wondered why Lilly Langtry would put up with…anyway.
I also refused to drink anything but tea.
Mr. Roger’s Neighborhood was nothing like mine, but very similar. It helped me to work through my shyness.
Your child’s imagination needs Public Broadcasting. You need it to remember how to see the world through a child’s eyes.
Big Bird, Bert & Ernie need your help.
Did you see the cigarette glued to Grover’s, “Hold up. I know Romney didn’t just say something about taking away my money,” lips?
That look and the ability to dangle a cigarette when it’s not even attached to lips, only happens when the block is disrespected or you step on someone’s brand new Church shoes.Happy Monday…and a happy Monday is was… because my favorite person is in town, and that always makes me happy. 🙂 After getting ready and grabbing a quick nutrient-filled breakfast, I headed out the door to school.
I recently discovered sprouted grain bread. I know I’m probably behind the times, but it’s nice to be able to eat bread and still feel like I’ve done something good for my body! I’m definitely a bread/cheese/potato kind of girl, but those are all foods that are high in carbs and not the good kind of carbs, so I try to avoid them if I can. 😉
I was in a great mood today at school, and finally am starting to feel comfortable with the kids. During our prep time, I snacked on a Chobani yogurt and added some of my homemade granola from last night.
When lunch rolled around, I was ready! I’ve noticed that when I eat every 2-3 hours, my body starts to recognize this schedule and reminds me to eat every 2-3 hours. It really works out perfect for me because I love food and love to eat! Anybody that knows me would agree. Lunch consisted of my homemade chicken kale soup from last night, and it tasted even more delicious today. The girls at lunch were ogling over it.
Luckily after lunch, the rest of the day flew by, and before I knew it, it was was time to drive home and meet Korey. He got to my house within 10 minutes of me getting there, and we didn’t waste any time before heading out for a walk.
Don’t be fooled though, today there was no snow on the ground. Although it did rain earlier, it was really beautiful out for our late afternoon walk. It was nice to be together again in person and talk rather than talk on skype like we usually do. I am so thankful that we have had it as an option while Korey is away, but nothing beats being physically together. 🙂
On that note, I better get back to enjoying my precious time with him. ❤
Leave me a message!Logo design: Semi-circles or semi-ellipses containing letters ; Semi-circles or semi-ellipses with dark surface ; One letter ;
The European Union Trademark for NFI (Figurative) was filed on 18.03.1999 for goods and services in class(es) 9, 40 and 42 at the European Union Intellectual Property Office (EUIPO). The current status of the trademark No. 001110972 NFI is 'registration expired'.Deb
Brielle Location
Hours
Wednesday: 3 – 9
Thursday: 3 – 9
Friday: 8 – 2
Saturday: 8 – 3
Professional Since: 1997
Kokopelli Professional Since: 2010
After being in the industry for 14 years I found a home at Salon Kokopelli in early 2010. My educational background includes razor cutting at Bumble and Bumble, cutting classes with Oscar Bond NYC, Mike Helm of Paul Mitchell, Sam Villa of Redken and countless classes at Aveda Institute NYC.Meetings of Creditors
GOLDEN TIGER (AMERSHAM) LIMITED
(Company Number 07369076 )
Registered office: 102 Sycamore Road, Amersham, Buckinghamshire, HP6 5DT
Principal trading address: 102 Sycamore Road, Amersham, Buckinghamshire, HP6 5DT
Notice is hereby given, pursuant to Legislation section: Section 98 Legislation: of the Insolvency Act 1986 that a meeting of the creditors of the above-named Company will be held at Chiltern Hotel, Waller Avenue, Luton, LU4 9RU, on 18 July 2012, at 11.30 am for the purposes mentioned in Section 99 to 101 of the said Act. The meeting will consider; The Chairman’s report on the history of the Company and Statement of Affairs; The appointment of a Liquidator or Joint Liquidators; The appointment of a Liquidation Committee (if appropriate); The costs of preparing the Statement of Affairs and convening the meeting; The basis of the Liquidators’ remuneration (in the event that no liquidation committee is appointed) and that other resolutions that may be appropriate. MFP Smith and N J Hawksley (IP Nos 006484 and 009184) of Dains LLP, 2 Deanery Court, Grange Farm, Preston Deanery, Northampton, NN7 2DT, are qualified to act as Insolvency Practitioners in relation to the above and will furnish creditors, free of charge, with such information concerning the Company’s affairs as is reasonably required. Creditors wishing to vote at the Meeting must lodge their proxy, together with a Proof of Debt at the registered office - Suite 306, Third Floor, Fort Dunlop, Fort Parkway, Birmingham, B24 9FD not later than 12.00 noon on 17 July 2012. For the purposes of voting, a secured creditor is required (unless he surrenders his security) to lodge at Suite 306, Third Floor, Fort Dunlop, Fort Parkway, Birmingham, B24 9FD before the meeting, a statement giving particulars of his security, the date. Notice is further given that a list of the names and addresses of the Company’s creditors may be inspected, free of charge, at Dains LLP, 2 Deanery Court, Grange Farm, Preston Deanery, Northampton, NN7 2DT between 10.00am and 4.00pm on the two business days preceding the date of the meeting stated above.
Further details contact: Rashpal Sandhu, Email: rsandhu@dains.com
Anhar Khan, Director
19 June 2012Who Should Replace Jon Gruden on Monday Night Football?
Randy Moss, Andrew Hawkins and Steve Young are leading candidates to fill Gruden's spot.
5 days ago
Jon Gruden has exited the Monday Night Football booth in favor of the Raiders job, and SB Nation has suggested some candidates to replace him. First, there’s the popular in-house candidate: Randy Moss. The once-divisive player is a no-doubt-about-it Hall of Famer and a beloved part of ESPN’s Monday Night Countdown team. Former 49ers great and long-time commentator Steve Young is a conventional possibility. There’s also Andrew Hawkins, who had a far less illustrious career as a receiver than Moss, but now runs ESPN’s Snapchat show with aplomb. SB Nation also suggests Beth Mowins, who as a play-by-play announcer is unlikely to get the job as a color commentator. Nevertheless, Mowins has been calling college football for more than a decade and became the first woman since 1987 to call an NFL game this season.Read the full story at SB NationRegular price: $14.95
Buy Now with 1 Credit
Buy Now for $14.95
Quality is shocking...what a dissapointed. The information lacked depth and the sound quality too terrible for words.
What disappointed you about How to Lose Weight Fasting?.
What was most disappointing about Michael Mathiesen’s story?
His story is solid - his pitch is trash.
Who would you have cast as narrator instead of Michael Mathiesen?
The author as a narrator is fine and actually works well for the story overall, but then we lose all respect for him. He actually should have switched narrators to pump his product.I received a copy of this book via Penguin’s First To Read program, so many thanks to them for making it available. While it was provided to me at not cost to myself, I am not obligated to give a positive review.
Somehow, I have managed to not read anything by Krentz before, whether it be as Krentz or under a nom de plume such as Amanda Quick or Jayne Castle. I know she’s perceived as writing romantic suspense, but that’s not why I haven’t read anything by her before. Simply put, I just haven’t.
That said, I didn’t really know what to expect with this offering. But I always give things a fair read, otherwise, how would you discover new authors?
This story opens with our protagonist, Lucy Sheridan, being saved from a potentially bad situation at a party by Mason Fletcher, a young man who’s a few years older and who always seems to be the one to stand up for others and rescuing them. Lucy is, like many teens, not so understanding or grateful to her rescuer. Mason, after returning Lucy home, confronts Tristan, the spoiled rich brat who had hoped to take advantage of Lucy, instructing him to leave Lucy alone. Shortly after, Tristan mysteriously disappears, and his body is never found.
Fast forward to thirteen years later, when Lucy’s aunt has passed away, leaving Lucy with the inheritance. Lucy returns to Summer River to find that much has changed. What used to be a sleepy little town has now been swallowed up by the wine industry. Vineyards surround the town, and the people too have changed. And not all of them are happy to see Lucy again.
Naturally, when Lucy returns to Summer River, she reconnects with Mason again. He’s pretty much the same, wanting to do things for her, and not surprisingly, Lucy’s the same way, not wanting to be helped. Some things never change. At least at first. As the story develops, so does their romance. But of course, we pretty well knew that from the opening scene. It just seemed natural they’d find their way back around to each other, right? 🙂
As Lucy begins preparing her aunt’s house for sale, the renovations uncover something interesting that pulls folks related to her aunt and Tristan into their lives. And as I noted earlier, they aren’t too happy to see she and Mason poking around.
So the story develops and moves along, Lucy getting into hot water, Mason having to save her, or Lucy saving herself. Reluctantly, she begins to see his worth, and hey, his good looks don’t hurt his cause any.
So what really happened to Tristan? Was the car accident that killed Lucy’s aunt and friend really an accident? Who’s got the secrets to hide and why?
I really liked the way that Krentz developed this story. I’m not opposed to a little romance in my suspense, although perhaps a bit less in this case. But it’s not overbearing at all. It’s not like it’s a romance novel with suspense as a subplot. Certainly, Krentz has published enough books, and successfully so I might add, in different genres that she knows how to craft a good story.
As noted earlier, I haven’t read any of Krentz’s other novels to know if they are formulaic, but I will certainly let this story stand on its own for the time being. It was, at its core, a well-crafted romantic suspense novel with enough twists and turns to keep the reader wanting to turn the page. What more could you ask for in a book?
Rating: 4 stars (out of 5)
Pingback: Review: River Road by Jayne Anne Krentz | Smexy BooksThere is a new “old” outbreak in America which for lack of a better term can be described as “workplace intimidation” and can also be called organizational bullying. One of the best online websites devoted to the problem is workplaceintimidation.com which has many resources and tips for how to respond to work day abuse and abusers. The site offers consulting services as well as information and is the brain child of Judith Munson. Judith calls work place bullying the “silent epidemic.”
Speaking as a disabled person I must say I’ve experienced lots of inappropriate behavior in the work place as “the disabled” are generally imagined to be workers of sufferance—that is, so the thinking does, we’re lucky to have a job and we should therefore shut up about our needs for accommodations or, gadzooks, our wish to be respected. Talk to people with disabilities who work (we’re about 30% of the disability population, on a good day) and you’ll hear stories of maltreatment that will curl your hair. One of the best books to tackle the subject is Ruth O’Brien’s groundbreaking volume Voices from the Edge which pairs trenchant legal analysis alongside first person stories of disability employment discrimination. (Disclosure: I have a short story in the book.)
What interests me is that discriminatory practices within management, which have always been directed at child laborers, women, people of color, and those few lucky disabled who actually land a job, are now widening out, becoming a tacit style, a matter that encourages thoughts of social contagion. Judith Munson explains this may have something to do with the recession of 2008 and writes:
Financial experts claim that the current recession and slow recovery has been extremely stressful on employers and managers. This might be to blame for the upturn in people using intimidation to get better performance and more productivity from their employees.
A lot of people these days are being overrun by more and more responsibilities where they work and they might not realize that they are actually using intimidating behavior on other co workers.Unfortunately, the people that use intimidation and bullying tactics in the workplace usually get away with the abuse. They will usually receive good periodic evaluations from their superiors and end up climbing the corporate ladder ahead of others.
I don’t think there’s a better description of the neoliberal workplace than this. From universities to manufacturing plants, from financial services companies to auto repair shops, contemporary employment centers on demanding fewer people do more and more. Because this is only nominally possible in most cases intimidation is the incentivizing dynamic of choice. Bonuses are out. Teamwork is severely limited. Transparency has gone down the drain. As the folk singer Greg Brown once sang: “You’re at pink slip’s mercy in a paper universe…”
In other words you’re lucky to have a job at all. Don’t talk back. Which leads me to my point: neolib work environments have successfully transformed able-bodied employees into disabled ones.Of course not literally but still, consider what’s generally being seen and reported across a wide landscape. Being asked to do more with less is eerily similar to being asked to do a job without the accommodations one needs. If the employee asks for help, she’s tagged as incapable. In disability circles we know all about this. It’s a very old story.
But the similarity doesn’t stop there. If you work differently, have a unique style, have opinions of any kind that are not in step, then you’re uppity. (This figurative re-wrapping of employees happens nowadays at dizzying speed. One minute Gladys was respected for her candor, the next, she’s a malcontent.) Moreover once personnel, whether they’re college faculty or accountants are told that their righteous indignation at being overworked or ignored is a character flaw, then bullying is OK—don’t “difficult” people need to be put in their place?
In order for this management charade to be widely accepted people must broadly fear for their jobs. Fear in the work force is what they used to call in the insurance business “the incitement premium”—you’ll buy anything if you’re properly scared.
Bullies must have buddies to rule the playground. Me? I’m not buying. But I can say what I think. I have tenure. At least today.Benefits of Building a Log Home main categories of milled logs include D-shaped logs, square logs, full-round logs, universally accepted methods of constructing log houses include the following. advantages of construction log and timber homes. Furthermore, the logs used to build the houses are renewable resource, therefore the building will have a solid green lineage. The log houses are also long lasting. Furthermore, when you construct a log house, you do not have to incur cost in installing heating system since the timber itself provides good thermo insulation. Log homes are safe during stormy weather..
Where To Start with Homes and More
5 Key Takeaways on the Road to Dominating HomesUcla dissertation database. History. The UCLA School of Dentistry was established in 1964 in response to the need for an additional public school of dentistry in the greater Los Angeles area. Links to Sumerian, Mesopotamian, or language-related sites.
This is a list of notable present and former faculty, staff, and students of the University of California, Los Angeles − UCLA COGNITIVE SYSTEMS LABORATORY: PUBLICATIONS, SUBMISSIONS, AND WORKING PAPERS. Research was partially supported by …
Ucla dissertation database
An anecdotal history by Walt Howe of the people and communities that brought about the Internet and the Web. Includes a glossary of terms. Short Bio Wojciech Matusik is an Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at. EasyBib Pro Features. APA, Harvard, Chicago, and 7,000 additional formats; No advertisements! Unlimited cloud backup of all your citations Mailing Address: UCLA Med-GIM & HSR BOX 951736, 911 Broxton Plz Los Angeles, CA 90095 Office Address: 200 Medical Plaza Suite 420 Los Angeles, CA 90095
An anecdotal history by Walt Howe of the people and communities that brought about the Internet and the Web. Includes a glossary of terms. The 20 Best Graduate Programs in Computer Science—And How to Apply to.
CDLN 2015:15 Don Arp, Jr.: An Ur III Tablet in the Archives and Special Collections of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln Libraries show Links to Sumerian, Mesopotamian, or language-related sites. Students and Admissions. UCLA is California’s largest university, with an enrollment of more than 40,000 undergraduate and graduate students. The UCLA College of. What is the BRD? The UCLA-LoPucki Bankruptcy Research Database (BRD) is a data collection, data linking, and data dissemination project of the UCLA School of Law.
Thinking Gender, Imagining Reparations 27th Annual Thinking Gender Graduate Student Research Conference February 9-10, 2017, UCLA. Call for Submissions: Sumerian Lexicon in both softcover and hardcover. The finished book, with an official publication date of December 10, 2006, has 6,400 entries in 336 pages. Stellar faculty, diverse students, and innovative programs have made the USC Gould School of Law one of the most prominent law schools in the country. Search for Funding; Financial Aid & Finances; Tuition; Calendar; Working at UCLA; FAQs; Search for awards from among 625 scholarships, grants, fellowships, and. Provides samples of standards for reference citations required in manuscripts submitted to biomedical journals.
American Association of University Women [from AAUW, 11/14/10] American Fellowships support women doctoral candidates completing dissertations and scholars seeking. Other access options. Use OpenAthens login Use your institution's local login Connect to ProQuest through your library network and search ProQuest content from there. Short Bio Wojciech Matusik is an Associate Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory at.
Media:
Setting the Table The Transforming Power of Hospitality in Business
Of all of the businesses to start a restaurant is perhaps the most challenging. Get it right from the beginning and you may be successful. One could gather a group of people who have very little in common, mention a local restaurant and suddenly have an interactive discussion of its positive and negative attributes. Getting it wrong right out of the gate is the kiss of death, mostly because everyone likes to give an opinion on a restaurant, and initial negative word of mouth can be difficult to overcome.
Here in the Grand Traverse area, we have seen several well established eating places fold in the past few months. Yet, more open to take their place, up to the challenge of getting it right and having the business last long enough to pay for its inevitably high start-up costs.
So, it is interesting to read a different kind of book that discusses in fine detail the process of opening a restaurant, and more importantly, building a team and infrastructure that takes the guess work out of insuring a business’ success.
Setting the Table is written by the hugely successful Danny Meyer, who has built an empire of restaurant businesses in New York City. The book serves as an autobiography of sorts for Meyer, who was born in raised in St. Louis. His father and grandfathers were entrepreneurs with varying degrees of accomplishment. Meyer’s father ran a company that offered off-the-beaten-path tours of Europe. It is in his formative years that Meyer studied food and hospitality in select bistros in Italy and France, appreciating in detail, the nuances and atmosphere of each establishment.
It is evident early on in Meyer’s story that he is destined for running his own restaurant. Out of college he works as a sales executive, saving money while continuing his careful analysis of restaurant concepts. He then works in the restaurant world, absorbing every facet from dish washing up to executive chef. Before forging out his own Meyer appears to thoroughly comprehend not just the inner workings of restaurant operations, but also the personnel dynamics, and the importance of having the restaurant become a vital part of the community.
The process that Meyer goes through with his first restaurant Union Square Café demonstrates the steps needed to insure sustainability. Meyer uses his accumulated knowledge and sales negotiating skills to find a location that is undervalued, but has strong potential for future growth. Meyer considers dozens of location options in his quest for the right locale, also giving consideration to strong personal emotions that creep into his decision before choosing a building that will make it all work.
Meyer’s other projects demonstrate his persistent ability to create a atmosphere and discover best practices for food tastes, presentation, and preparation. One could become envious of Meyer’s sojourns to far flung destinations that serve as due diligence for developing a new restaurant concept. For example, before opening the first of several Shake Shack locations in New York, Meyer and his crew toured the United States to see what made other successful hamburger, hot dog, French fry, and milkshake operations work. After completing their homework Meyer’s crew referred back to their copious notes for weeks, before perfecting the right meat combination for hamburgers, the size and cut of fries, and the consistency of the shakes.
Setting the Table provides great story telling from a business owner that seems to have the “Midas touch” when it comes to operating multiple businesses. Through author Danny Meyer’s powerful and enjoyable story telling narrative, this combination of personal passion, painstaking preparation, and owner awareness makes his tremendous success relatable to others. For someone considering a restaurant venture, or anyone else who appreciates a good story written by a tremendously successful entrepreneur, Setting the Table is a great choice.
- Hardcover: 336 pages
- Publisher: HarperCollins
- 3 ½ stars (out of four)The passenger in a sport utility vehicle driven by his wife was killed Wednesday morning when she lost control on a patch of ice west of Junction City, drove into a ditch and rolled the vehicle several times, police reported.
Clifford Guse of Noti died in this rollover crash on Territorial Road west of Junction City on Wednesday - OSP photo58-year old Clifford Dale Guse of Noti, Oregon was pronounced dead at the scene about 7:45 a.m., February 6, Oregon State Police (OSP) Sgt. Ron Martin said.
Rebecca Ruth Halland, Guse’s 29-year old wife and driver of the vehicle, was not injured.
According to Sgt. Martin, preliminary investigation suggests that Halland hit a patch of ice as she traveled north on Territorial Highway near Berg Road in a 2005 Subaru SUV. The vehicle came to a stop upside down in a field after it left the road, drove into a ditch and rolled “multiple times”.
Troopers believe Guse was wearing a seat belt, and an investigation led by OSP Springfield Area Command is continuing.At the heart of Baha'i belief is the conviction that humanity is a single people with a common destiny. All over the world the Bahá'ís practice this belief by confronting barriers of prejudice and in collaborating with other like-minded groups to promote the ideal of a united global society.
Here in Prince George, a growing number of individuals find in the teachings of Bahá’u’lláh a compelling vision of a better world. In their lives and work, they strive to apply Bahá’í principles and contribute to the realization of Bahá’u’lláh’s vision for humanity’s coming of age. They are striving to build a purposeful community characterized by learning and action, free from any sense of superiority or claim to exclusive understanding of truth.
Bahá’ís are expected to pray and reflect daily in their personal lives and to also make efforts to infuse their surroundings with a devotional spirit. To this end, regular devotional gatherings and participatory action study groups are held in various locations around the city. These activities serve to awaken the spiritual susceptibilities within the participants, and in concert with the acts of service they perform, lead to a pattern of community life that is infused with the spirit of devotion and acts of service.
Contact us for more information on the children's classes, devotional gatherings, study growth and the junior youth spiritual empowerment program.As I begin writing this post snow showers are gently working their way across a crisp blue sky. But it is March 20th, also known as the vernal equinox or the first day of spring. I would venture the first, more scientific title, is more appropriate as temperatures haven’t topped 25 degrees F today and ice is still securely crunching underfoot.
At any other time in my life thus far, this would not be a source of mild irritation to me. In fact, contrary to most people, it would have been a source of enjoyment for me. But that seems to have changed now; somewhat to my chagrin, as my love of winter has always been something that fed my soul and was an odd source of pride for me.
As with many of my other posts, I am inspired to distill my thoughts onto the page by my interactions with friends or the activities in my life, and this post is no different. The sentiments above were very succinctly penned by my friends at Modest Plans, and though the reasoning was different (the anticipation of the gardening season for a burgeoning green thumb), the feelings could literally have been plucked straight from my brain. And that was immensely comforting and allowed me to assess my own feelings more fairly.
My frustration stems from my new life and the joys and struggles it now encompasses. Much to my delight and relief, my daughter does love playing in the snow and does not seem to care a bit about a slightly runny nose and cold fingers. Yet the process we go through to engage in this outdoor time is an arduous one which often results in mother chasing daughter around the house in order to don the variety of layers needed to make said outdoor time pleasant at 20 degrees F.
The occasional March snowstorm used to draw this reaction:
and now draws this weary one:
That bothered me, and it still does…but just a little. You see, another voice of inspiration pervades my soundtrack these days and that’s Mr. Bowie and his timeless classic, Changes, which has never been more pertinent to my life than now. And not just in my seasonal ennui.
A few short years ago (and I mean SHORT), I led a very migratory life, in which each day was different and generously populated with friends, co-workers and new faces. To an extent, I had the freedom to do and go where I wanted, when I wanted. I saw my close friends and family on a regular basis. I had experience and confidence in my job and even had someone cooking all my meals for me. I am now a homeowner and moderately insecure mother, living a somewhat lonely – at least for adult interaction – life in a foreign city. Apparently, I can now add the loss (hopefully temporary) of one of my most reliable characteristics to my list of ch-ch-ch-changes.
Now please don’t get me wrong, I love my family beyond words and there is no doubt that the rewards of this new life certainly outweigh the challenges. But that doesn’t mean those challenges aren’t met with at least a little bit of consternation. I have learned so many things already from my daughter and this new life, patience being chief among them.
And so we will wait for spring, both of us fit out in our fleece and woolies, and turn to our faraway friends and cultural tapestry to comfort and guide us until we can venture out with the chirping birds in jeans and a sweatshirt.Extended Stay
Get comfortable, stay awhile and make yourself at home with Ledgestone Hotel’s extended stay rates. This is more than just a hotel, it’s a home away from home. Featuring spacious suites that are modern and clean, and 20 percent bigger than standard hotel rooms, this is more of a residence than a hotel. Business is booming in Vernal, and a number of corporate travelers are looking for weeks- or months-long packages in comfortable accommodations that offer everything you’ll need to get the job done. Whether guests choose Ledgestone for business, leisure or a mixture of both, rest easy knowing you’ve found the space, comfort and rates that make extended stays most enjoyable.
Each guestroom features a ceramic cooktop for whipping up homemade meals, toasters and microwaves, utensils and dishes. From pots and pans to those complimentary housekeeping services, you can indulge in your favorite meals and even intimate dinner parties without having to clean up afterwards. Plus, the “AHHH So Comfy” bed package is guaranteed to spoil guests with dreamy mattresses, pillows and bedding fit for royalty. After all, when guests are sticking around Vernal for awhile, they need their beauty sleep.
Luxury is literally at your fingertips with flat screen televisions in each guestroom as well as free Wi-Fi access in-room and throughout the hotel. Remember: The longer you stay, the less you’ll pay. Choose from monthly or weekly extended rates designed to suit your budget, which is perfect for business or military travelers. However, no matter how long you stay, know that every single guestroom is a suite, complete with a full kitchen and independent living area. This is ideal for families or anyone who wants more space to spread out. Convenience is key, which is why every suite has a desk and dining table. Buckle down for that urgent work project or map out the next great adventure—there’s plenty of room.
Guests are pampered with generously sized bathrooms brimming with Italian imported Tarocco products. Rich with Sicilian red orange, antioxidants and olive oil, guests can look their best while feeling their best at this new Ledgestone property. Get one last look at the vanity area with mirrored closet doors before exploring the Vernal neighborhoods. This is just the beginning of what an extended stay at Ledgestone looks like.
Guests also enjoy:
- On-site business center for work, itinerary planning or social media updates
- Housekeeping each week
- Spacious suites complete with living areas and full kitchens
- Italian bath products
- A central location close to shopping, dining and businessesThe Pune division of the Central Railway has sent a proposal for remodelling Kolhapur railway station to the Indian Railway board. The Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj Terminus here has been included in the Indian Railways plan for redevelopment of station buildings where a private party will develop the station with modern facilities.
B K Dadabhoy, divisional railway manager from Pune, visited Kolhapur station on Wednesday morning and inspected the facilities. Dadabhoy was accompanied by senior divisional operations manager Ashok Kumar Tiwari, Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj Terminus station manager Sugreev Meena.
“The remodelling proposal has been sent to the Railway Board for final approval. Once it is cleared, interested parties can be invited to send their ideas for developing the station. Three more railway tracks will come up on the Gemstones building side. This proposal is likely to be accepted and cleared in the next financial year and is a major development for Kolhapur station,” said Tiwari.
Shivnath Biyani, member of the zonal railway users consultative committee, said, “The Kolhapur railway station building is almost 100 year old. There is shortage of space and this is proving to be a major hurdle in providing modern facilities to passengers. The entire building can undergo redevelopment as it is not a part of a heritage structure.”
A proposal to redevelop about 400 railways stations in metros and major cities was cleared by the union government in July this year. The Central Railway decided to redevelop 33 stations in its zone with the help of private parties.
Under this model, interested parties coming through open bids would develop the stations with their designs and business ideas while commercial development of real estate would be allowed by the zonal railways. These parties will also get some freedom for commercial utilisation of the space to recover the amount they had invested in redeveloping the stations.
The Central Railway has already invited private parties for redeveloping 33 stations under its jurisdiction including Dadar, Kalyan, Nagpur, Pune and Kolhapur. It has stated that private party will get all necessary support for undertaking the work.Most of these stations are not only large in its size but also overcrowded. Most of its facilities for passengers are failing short to accommodate growing movements. The redevelopment proposal is aimed at addressing all the problems in one go so that facilities such as proper gates, waiting rooms, facilities for officers and handling of new machinery can be handled properly and effectively.Some people God brings in our lives to humble us…
Something about you,
And the quiet strengh you have,
That makes me stop,
And think,
About how to live my life.
You apologize for your voice,
Soft and weak,
Sometimes hard to understand,
The monster M.S has stripped,
That from you as well,
As well as your legs,
Now your electric scooter takes you everywhere,
It’s slowly takne your arms,
Yet somewhere inside you,
You find that strength,
To get through your day,
Offering a smile,
And a hello,
Telling everyone you are okay,
No matter how true ,
Or untrue that maybe.
July.6.2003
Advertisements
One thought on “Inner Strength”
Probably not until we get to Heaven will a Jesus-lover-blogger fully understand and know how much the Lord used her to touch so many…To Moralize Or Not To Moralize
So, I run to '7-11' today and outside are not one but TWO homeless people.
One asked if I could spare a dollar. He was very specific--'A DOLLAR'--instead of the usual; 'Do you have any spare change I could have?'.
The other homeless man did not ask for anything nor even look my way.
The one that did was clean, shaved and didn't appear to be dirty.
The other man--the one who didn't approach me--was just the opposite: scruffy beard, dirty body and clothes.
With money being so tight on my end, I hesitated to even acknowledge the man who asked but I simply replied; "I'll catch you on my way out".
I thought about complaining to the sales girl--how nice it would be to walk into any store these days and not be 'accosted'--but I held my tongue.
Next to the cash register was cooked hot dogs for sale; two for $2.22.
I could have just given each of the men a dollar, saved the twenty two cents, and be on my way. But then those age old questions comes into play--at least in my head;
"How responsible is it to give a homeless person money?"
"What will they do with it--drugs? Alcohol? Cigarettes?"
So, I bought them both a hot dog and in each of the cardboard containers the hot dogs came in I placed a packet of ketchup, mayo, relish, mustard and a napkin. I even thought about chips and a drink but...well, money and all--plus the moral dilemma swimming around in my head...
So, I gave them each their hot dog.
Both said 'thank you' and the one who didn't ask for anything even offered up a 'Have a good day'.
I wondered at the oddness of it all on my way home and also wildly wondered if I was perhaps part of an experiment; "The seemingly better dressed--and cleaner--of the two asks the customers for money (a specific amount, no less)...what will be the result? How will the customers react? What about the other man? Will he be acknowledged and rewarded? Or will he be 'punished' for being quiet and not asking? "No food for you 'cause you didn't ask--just as well, saved me a buck..."
Was the one who approached me even homeless? Or just testing society?
Interesting.
The extra twenty two cents was a cheap price to pay for my peace of mind.
Then again, is it my place to moralize??? I figure, well, it's my money so, honestly my answer is yes.
What's your thoughts? What would you have done?
I think you did the right thing. I would have been thinking the same thing too . . .experiment? Either way . .you won out by doing a good deed. :)
You did excellent. You are so thoughtful. I wonder about giving money also. I guess I am a skeptic. It sure is heartbreaking to see so many people homeless now days. I think it is going to get much worse unfortunately. Thankfully there are wonderful people like you in the world. Even in your tight situation you still reached out to help.
All I could think of the entire time reading your story was something my grandma used to quote from the bible, it went something like...be careful how you treat strangers, for you might be entertaining angels unaware.
I think you did a wonderful thing!
peace
Definitely the right thing to do! If they were truly in need, that must have been such a blessing!
Jo, I'm so proud of you! I've been jaded on giving out anything to panhandlers. I once did the same thing you did only to have the person tell me that they didn't ask for food. They wanted the money. Can you believe that?!
Jo, if you get time then read my post "height of imagination" in the end i have narrated a real life experience, similar to yours.. and you will be surprised with the answer!
I will try to help them through food, because its the first thing they might buy with the money so better feed them instead..
you did a gr8 job..
here's the link
You did the right thing... I had a similar experience a couple of years ago & you've just inspired me to post about it. I love that you are kind-hearted enough to spend your money on homeless people when times are difficult enough for you already. As they say in Australia, "good on you!"
I would have done the same as you did. I couldn't have ignored the other man just 'coz he didn't ask for help.
Jo, I don't think it matters who the men were or what their status is, or even why they were there at the store. Your random act of kindness is the important part of the story. Humanity needs as many acts of kindness as it can get. Random or not. You not only helped those two men, you helped yourself.
Hi Jo,
I totally agree with Kyle your random act of kindness is great we do need more of them.
Love,
Herrad
I think you did a great thing. Most people would have totally avoided them even on the way out. You did a good thing.
There seems to be a lot of homeless in certain parts of the city I travel in. It is hard to know if they are alright or not. Once, a homeless guy had a sign that said, "Its my moms birthday and she would like a beer." I happened to have just bought some beer, so I gave him one, the ran across the street and gave it to this old lady sitting under a tree, the mom I supposed. She smiled and waved and yelled thanks to me, so that was nice. I liked your story though, I would have done the same thing too.
I have very vivid memories of a homeless man that always stood at my Mom's exit for work. His sign always asked for money, but at least a few times a week, my Mom would roll down her window and hand him some coffee or a biscuit or hotdog. She'd always think of him when she was getting her morning coffee, or stopping at McDonalds. You did the right thing.NC/DC superghouls Bat Fangs pick up where Roky & the Aliens blasted off– cranking acid-soaked 80s hard rock for the living and the dead. Making heady heavy music for third eyes and stiff upper lips, Betsy Wright (Ex Hex) shreds ‘n’ howls over Laura King’s (Flesh Wounds / Speed Stick) deep-thunder drums. Let the Bat Fangs sink in!
releases February 2nd, 2018Sleep slides down into a dream,
The dream peeps in, enters as melody.
Like fresh early morning breeze
fragrant by kisses of buds at ease.
I hear the music but don’t see the flute or flutist,
As I heard the saptaswaras of my mom,
while inside her safe pouch but not seeing
Her face, the soft hands or sweet kisses.
Had I seen her face, at times blooming but often shrunk
With pain, anxiety and prayers,
I would have broken her walls, reached her eyes
And removed the drops of tears.
Wonder what I would have done
Had I seen my own soul, well hidden
Will I allow it leave me for ever?
God commits mistake never!
AdvertisementsPeople love children, right? And they also love animals. So animals that live in your house while you take care of them as if they were your own offspring? What’s not to love!
Of course, talking, child-like critters that occasionally dabble with world-altering forces might be a bit much for even the most steadfast animal lover.
Housepets, by Rick Griffin.
Created in 2008, Housepets follows the antics of a neighborhood full of pets in a world where animals are essentially just like hairy children raised by their human owners. They play games with their friends, they have clubs, they watch tv and movies, imagine their own stories, hate going to the vet and taking baths, and occasionally commune with the deities of ancient forgotten temples… alright, so maybe not exactly like children.
Characters
Too many to get into all at once, but in a nutshell we have;
Peanut, a lovable, hyperactive pup. He’s usually the Funny Man to Grape’s Straight and his naive innocence plays off of Grape’s sarcastic maturity. Although he’s a member of the Good Ol’ Dogs’ Club, he loves spending time with Grape and even has a secret fondness for cats which becomes a plot point in a few of the early arcs. He draws and writes his own comic book, The Adventures of Spot (Superdog).
Grape, a witty kitty with a mean violent streak. As Peanut’s adoptive sibling, Grape often finds that naps are all but impossible to have when Peanut’s around. Early on, a series of oddly realistic dreams sends Grape and Peanut on a journey of cosmic proportions.
Bino, a local dog, pro tem leader of the Good Ol’ Dogs’ Club, and the most selfish, petty pet in the neighborhood. He’s constantly in the shadow of his more likable older brother Fido and doesn’t like being reminded of it.
King, a diminutive complainer with a knack for brooding. While he mostly appears as a Welsh Corgi, in reality he actually used to be a human with animal issues. He is turned into a dog as part of a cosmic game being played by entities of vast supernatural power – he’s not too happy about that.
And many, many more. Even the Cast page doesn’t list them all (warning: spoilers).
Writing
While there are over-arcing plot threads, posts usually consist of stand-alone strips or short arcs that follow the antics of one or more characters. Although Peanut, Grape, Bino, and King have the most panel time, the other neighborhood animals get their fair share of attention, too. If you need comparisons, Housepets is something like a mix between Garfield and Peanuts with a touch of Ed, Edd, and Eddy. The comedy is plentiful and the characters are all distinct enough, even with so many of them, that they play off of each other well in most situations.
But then a sort of main plot-line is introduced and things start getting a bit crazy – there’s an ancient temple situated next to a suburban neighborhood, god-like beings playing D&D, other-dimensional realms, and forgotten prophecies. it’s all so out of nowhere that the humor kinda gets dragged down by the weight of it all. Then the comic goes and seems to forget about the mega-arc for half a year. You can’t just introduce a plot thread about an eldritch contest with world-altering consequences right after the arc about visiting the zoo and expect readers to not have a little whiplash. To not even touch on the myth plot again until seventeen arcs later just tests patience. The genius of the comic, however, is that with so many characters you’re bound to find at least one that you’re willing to wait months for just to see again. Scarcity creates value, after all.
Art
I’m not gonna lie, but Peanut’s ears and everyone’s enormous paw-mitts from the early strips kind of unnerve me. Even so, the art smooths out fairly quickly, settling on a consistent style until the 16th arc. There are a few episodes of stylistic experimentation every so often after that, but, in the end, Griffin manages to maintain a standard look which improves steadily as time passes. The comic’s usual format is the four-panel strip, but it often stretches into larger layouts, especially recently and in particular with more dramatic or emotionally complicated pages. For the first eleven arcs or so, the strips are in black & white, but following the first Christmas comic every page is in color – and some pages look gorgeous in it.
One fault about the art I can’t ignore is that, while the animals look alright (anthropomorphism aside), humans just look downright terrible. The very few times heads are shown, they look disproportioned, misshapen, and faces look utterly incongruous compared to the otherwise cartoony animal characters. Thankfully, humans appear rarely enough that it isn’t too much of a problem… but I still can’t help but wish they were more like the adults from Peanuts.
Run-down
- Regularly changing art style means it’s always staying fresh if not outright improving.
- Diverse cast of characters keep it interesting.
- Good range of humor, not too reliant on animal puns.
- A bit directionless, with drama, comedy, and romance constantly pulling against each other.
- Character development is chopped up and spread out; months can go by before a character you like pops up again.
All in all, a fun, cute, even touching webcomic, full of great humor and a few scattered episodes of drama. It’s not life-affirming, but, then, neither is Garfield. I’ve kept up with the comic for a couple of years and I thoroughly recommend it if you think you might be interested.
Oh, and if you need a card for Valentine’s Day, Housepets has you covered.
Housepets is written and drawn by Rick Griffin. This comic, including all images used here, belongs to him. It currently updates Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Note: Sorry about the late update. What can I say except… how about that Sochi opening?How can i write a very good essay
How do i write good essays topic: how to write a good essay classbrain visitor: how do i write good essays. Monash university learning support language and learning online writing general writing essay writing what makes a good essay home can be very. Click here click here click here click here click here how can i write a very good essay general essay writing tips - essay. How to write an essay- brief essays and use the principles to expand to longer essays/ even a thesis you.
How to write a very good thesis visit the post for more. Dissertation abstracts in anthropology how to write a very good application letter dissertation in long distance learning free math homework help online. A car salesman is the personification of persuasive writing composing a persuasive essay is tantamount to making a five-page, 500-word, or 25-minute sales pitch.
Guide: how to write a good essay essay writing is one of the basic skills at school, college and university no matter how you try to reduce the amount writing you. How to write an essay answer while you are writing your essay the rest of the essay will have to be very good to retrieve the situation. How to write a good hook for your essay the very first step in writing a strong essay hook and she is always ready to help students come up with good ideas. Writing essay can take a lot of your time and as writing professionals we can help you if you have been wondering 'who can write my essay. How to teach your students to write an essay your students will have an idea what a good essay should students find it very difficult to write this part.
Business, how can i write a very good essay pennsylvania durham custom essay writing service, illinois how to get essays done fast app to write a paper epistemology. Law and order situation in karachi essay how to write a good college essay dissertation for the sad truth is that most college application essays are not very good. How do i write a cause-effect essay ü don’t end up writing a comparison-contrast or classification altered the good effect structuring the effects essay. Writing.
You need to think for yourself and come up with a ‘bright idea’ to write a good history essay you can of course and you can write a fine essay using a very. Putting together an argumentative essay outline is the if not can you help me please in writing a good this is very useful but i can not write. We might even say that when it comes to knowing how to write a good english literature essay when setting out to write a good english essay all very good. How to write a very good thesis since 1989 our certified professional essay writers have assisted tens of thousands of clients to land great jobs and advance their.
Do not know how to write a good essay you can be sure that you will get a really good piece of writing you are still not very comfortable about writing. What this means is that the introductory and concluding paragraphs are very similar in order to write an essay tips on writing a good thesis statement. I need a good grade, or a how to write a great essay about anything is you should slow down and observe yourself while writing we all know how very.MONTREAL - The U.N. civil aviation body, ICAO, will meet in Montreal next week with the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and other agencies to discuss airline safety following last week's downing of a Malaysian jet over Ukraine, two sources said on Thursday.
Such a gathering would be unusual since the International Civil Aviation Organization has no operational role and cannot open or close air routes or warn carriers to avoid conflict zones.
But since Malaysian flight MH17 was shot down last week over a part of eastern Ukrainecontrolled by Russian-speaking separatists, killing 298 people, some industry figures have urged ICAO to take on a bigger role and issue risk advisories.
Senior agency officials will meet the industry lobby group IATA, the Civil Air Navigation Services Organization and Airports Council International to discuss the respective roles of each in airspace over conflict zones, the sources said.
"The idea is for the partners to discuss solutions," said one source who spoke on condition of anonymity.
A spokesman for ICAO, which groups 191 nations, said a meeting was under discussion.
"I expect official confirmation tomorrow on whether this will happen or not," said Anthony Philbin.
IATA in Geneva declined to comment.
Tim Clark, president of Dubai's Emirates [EMIRA.UL], one of the world's largest airlines, told Reuters on Sunday he wanted an international conference of carriers to agree a response to the disaster, a call backed by Lufthansa.
Clark told CNN on Wednesday the airline industry needed to take stock of the growing risks from regional conflict and questioned whether all airlines, particularly from smaller countries, were receiving the same degree of intelligence sharing about possible threats.
He said the aim of such a conference would be to look at standards and security protocols.
"I'm hoping in the next few weeks in the aftermath of this tragedy that we can get around the table and at least start having some brainstorming sessions to see what can be improved," he said.
ICAO said Wednesday it was holding talks with airlines and states on how to assess the danger posed by conflict but gave no further details.
Sources said earlier this week that ICAO representatives were considering whether the agency should issue safety advisory notices about conflict zones.
National aviation authorities are ultimately responsible for their own airspace. Aviation experts and officials doubt whether member nations would agree to any step that might curb their sovereignty, such as sharing sensitive information.
In 2013, ICAO released a policy paper on risk, to encourage states to share information about terrorist threats.
ICAO has yet to convene an emergency meeting of its executive council, a step it took after a Soviet jet shot down a Korean airliner in 1983 and a U.S. cruiser downed an Iranian passenger jet in 1988.Presented by Today’s General Counsel, this annual series is well attended by in-house counsel and corporate information governance professionals and provides a series of in-depth round-table discussions with attendees and moderators jointly developing practical solutions to complex eDiscovery and Information Governance issues.
Scott Carlson will moderate discussion on the “2015 FRCP Amendments in Practice.” This discussion will address some of the numerous changes that have occurred since the 2015 amendments of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. How are we handling the heightened specificity now required in discovery responses? During this hour long conversation, corporate decision makers and industry experts will tackle dozens of issues that have arose post amendments and discuss practical solutions.
Jay Carle will lead discussion on “Proportionality – Sea Change or Minor Tweak?” examining the effect and use of proportionality in shaping the scope of electronic discovery in litigation. With the amendments to FRCP rule 26 (b)(1), has the discovery dispute process become front loaded? Can proportionality be achieved without transparency? Has the revised description of discovery scope helped, or is Oppenheimer still the standard? Expect a stirring conversation of these questions and practical solutions during this hour long discussion.
For more information or to register for this event, click here.Extracting Bolt Distances of Single Part Drawings (Beams) With an Output In Excel – Part 3 (Tekla Open API)
In the last part we left off having obtained all the bolt distance and placing them in a domain object. In this instalment we will try to export all that data into an Excel Spreadsheet. Please note that the following code is untested – unfortunately there was a lightening storm in Melbourne which short circuited […]Adhesives to Grow Due Partly to Flexible, Rigid and Paperboard Use
The global packaging adhesives market is expected to reach USD 10.11 billion by 2025, according to a new report by Grand View Research Inc. (grandviewresearch.com)% CAGR over the coming years.
- Asia Pacific is anticipated to be the fastest growing segment at a predicted CAGR of 6% from 2017 to 2025.
- Increasing demand from the food and beverages industries is projected to drive the Asia Pacific regional market.
Category: Industry NewsIndustrial-organizational (I-O) psychology is the scientific
study of the workplace. Rigor and methods of psychology are
applied to issues of critical relevance to business,
including talent management, coaching, assessment,
selection, training, organizational development,
performance, and work-life balance.
International Association of Applied Psychology (IAAP) Conference
Virginia E. Schien
President, Division of Work and Organizational Psychology
Michael Frese
President, IAAP
Dear SIOP member,
The 26th International Congress of Applied Psychology of the International Association of Applied Psychologys (IAAP) is to be held in Athens, Greece from July 16 to 21, 2006. The Congress is organized by the Hellenic Psychological Society and the Association of Greek Psychologists. IAAP is the oldest international psychological membership association. Established in 1920, it has individual members in more than 80 countries and holds an international Congress every 4 years in different cities of the world. IAAP is accredited with the United Nations as a nongovernmental organization (NGO).
The major fields of activity within IAAP are reflected in its 16 Divisions.
The theme of ICAP26 is Contribution of Psychology to Problems of the Individual and Society. The presentations will include theory, research, and applications in psychology.
The scientific program consists of invited keynote, state of the art, and presidential addresses, group and individual presentations. Group presentations will consist of invited symposia of the divisions, symposia, poster symposia, continuing education workshops, and panel discussions. Individual presentations will be oral papers, conversation hours with distinguished psychologists, and films/videos. The official languages of the Congress are English, French and Spanish.
The details regarding the submission of abstracts as well as all the information related to the organization and the scientific program of the 26th ICAP appear at the Congress Web sites: and.
In particular, Division 1 of IAAP, Work and Organizational Psychology, has its own official contribution to the 26th ICAP Scientific Program.
The following Keynote Lectures will be presented:
1. Virginia E. Schein, USA: Women in management: Reflections and projections
2. Deniz S. Ones, USA: Cognitive ability and personality measures in personnel selection: Current research and practice implications
3. Bernhard Wilpert, Germany: Intercultural dimensions of high-hazard industriesThe role of W/O psychology
4. Veronique de Keyser, Belgium: Flexibility at work and its consequences on well-being
5. Simcha Ronen, Israel: The new cultural geography: A meta analysis of country
6. Peter Drenth, The Netherlands: Psychology: Is it applied enough?
7. Miriam Erez, Israel: Beyond national cultures: The emergence of a global culture and its co-existence with national cultures
8. Anders Ericsson, USA: Reproducibly superior performance and deliberate practice: Evidence from medical, artistic, and professional domains
9. Peter Gollwitzer, USA: Flexible tenacity in goal pursuit
10. Jacques Grigoire, Belgium: The present state and future of intellectual assessment
11. Juri Hanin, Finland: Emotions in high-achievement sport: An individualized approach
12. Giyoo Hatano, Japan: Comprehension activity, conceptual change, and adaptive expertise: Integrating cognitive and sociocultural approaches
13. Geert Hofstede, The Netherlands: The cultural and disciplinary limits to psychology
14. Ruth Kanfer, USA: Motivation, adult development, and work
15. Hassan Kassim, Yemen: Applied psychology in underdeveloped country: Yemen, early experiences and future perspectives
16. Shinobu Kitayama, USA: Socialized attention: Implications for self and social behavior in varying cultural contexts
17. Avraham Kluger, Israel: Feedforward first, feedback later
18. Ed Locke, USA: New developments in goal setting
19. Walter Mischel, USA: Personality and willpower
20. Susan Pick, Mexico: Maintenance and scaling up: Expanding successful intervention programs
21. Robert Roe, The Netherlands: The applied psychology of time
22. Wilmar Schaufeli, The Netherlands: From burnout to engagement: Towards a positive occupational health psychology
23. Frank Schmidt, USA: Meta-analysis and cumulative knowledge in psychology: Recent developments and advances
24. Neal Schmitt, USA: Research and practice issues in personnel selection
25. Benjamin Schneider, USA: Organizational design to customer satisfaction: Reports from the service economy
26. Shalom Schwartz, Israel: Value dimensions of culture and national difference
27. Peter Smith, UK: How can cross-cultural psychology and social psychology best relate to one another?
28. Harry Triandis, USA: Self-deception: An under-researched phenomenon in human affairs
29. Rosalie Tung, USA: The use of ex-host country nationals in international assignments: Asource of competitive advantage or disadvantage?
30. Michael West, UK: A positive psychology of people, teams, and organizations
31. Robert Wood, Australia: Learning versus performance on complex versus simple tasks: A tale of exploration
32. Moshe Zeidner, Israel: Emotional intelligence: Knowns and unknowns
There are a number of Invited Symposia, among them:
1. Steven Poelmans, Spain: Work and family: An international perspective
2. Barbara Kozusznik, Poland: Work and organizational psychology research and practice in Eastern Europe
3. Leaetta Hough, USA: At the cutting edge of personnel selection: Research and practice
4. Francesco Avallone, Italy: Trust in organizations
5. Phillip Ackerman, USA: Determinants of the acquisition of domain knowledge
6. Eva Bamberg, Germany: Innovation at work
7. Judith Blanton, USA: Developing high-potential talent in organizations
8. Prashant Bordia, Australia: Managing organizational change: Psychological perspectives
9. Cristina Costa, The Netherlands: Psychological bases for developing trust
10. Miriam Erez, Israel: Acculturation of the global work environment: Implications at the corporate and employee levels
11. Beryl Hesketh, Australia: New approaches to selecting and training for adaptive performance
12. Jos Prieto, Spain: Meditation and psychological wellbeing
13. Walter Reichman, USA: The state of hate: Challenges for the 21st centuryAn international perspective
14. Christine Smith, USA and Antonis Gardikiotis, Greece: Social and cognitive processes in minority influence
In addition, there are also a number of workshops.
We invite you to send your proposals and attend the 26th International Congress of Applied Psychology in the country with the longest history in psychology.
The deadlines for submitting abstracts are as follows: Early submission: September 15, 2005; Regular submission: November 15, 2005.
The very word psychology is, of course, Greek, as are hundreds of terms in our discipline. The history of psychology begins with the systematic study of psychological phenomena in the 7th century B.C. by Hellenic philosophers, and as a result, many precursors of many theories in modern psychology are of Hellenic origin.
In addition, Greece is an attractive site because of its rich cultural history with unique archaeological sites, its mosaic of natural beauty, countless islands, and Mediterranean climate. We believe you will find the Congress to be an important international venue to present your work and look forward to seeing you in Athens.
If you have additional questions, feel free to e-mail us at ICAP 2006 Organizing Committee:
icap2006@psych.uoa.gr.
Michael Frese, President of the International Association of Applied Psychology
Virginia E. Schein, President of the Division of Work and Organizational Psychology
James Georgas, President
Marina Manthouli, President
Anastasia Efklides, President of the Scientific Program Committee
Thalis Papadakis, President of the Scientific Committee
Elias Besevegis, Secretary General
Vassiliki Boukouvala, Secretary General
October 2005 Table
of Contents | TIP Home
| SIOP HomeAuthor: Claudia Gray
>… over the long weekend while… listening to Marian Hill.
Title: A Thousand Pieces of You (Firebird #1)
Publisher: HarperTeen
Review: 4 out of 5 Stars
Summary .
Review: This first novel of the Firebird series weaves an intriguing story involving the multiverse theory, elements of cross-dimensional travel, and a romantic triangle between our protagonist, Marguerite, and two of her parents’ graduate students. The multiverse premise and the traveling through alternative dimensions is the true strength of this novel, but I would be lying if I said the romance of this novel did not sweep me up as well.
A Thousand Pieces of You is told in first person narration by Marguerite, a strong and vibrant heroine. The novel opens with Marguerite believing Paul, one of her parents’ graduate students, is responsible for her father’s death and that she must kill him to exact revenge.
“This is the message I must pass one, the one goal I have to remember after everything else I am is gone.
KILL PAUL MARKOV.”
–Marguerite
From page one we are thrown into the action. Claudia Gray has done a fantastic job of establishing her world, the technology, and ensuring that the reader is hooked from the very first page. My first exposure to Claudia Gray was through the Star Wars Canon, and I thought Bloodline and Lost Stars were both fantastic. A Thousand Pieces of You is even better!
This book made me think and it made me feel – good, bad, and everything in between. The book is written with an incredibly fast pace that allowed me to read most of this book in one sitting, which made it perfect for the long holiday weekend. But as much as I loved this book, I could not give it a full five stars because it did suffer from a few flaws and I do not think everyone will enjoy it as much as I did.
I credit Gray for handling the immense scientific multiverse theory well, considering it is such a complicated and daunting task. However, in order to handle the multiverse theory, Gray had to over simplify the theory and place her characters in convenient alternate dimensions, thereby losing out on a great deal of the cool science.
In essence, the multiverse theory states that there are infinite universes where every possible outcome has happened. And the theory means it when it says every possible outcome. There is a universe for every possible decision a single human could choose in every major and minute choice that happens in their life. Sound overwhelming? Imagine applying that to every human to ever exist, including the people that exist in other dimensions that are not in our own universe.
“Apparently,
The multiverse theory is utterly mind-blowing, and I completely understand why Gray chose to scale down – way down – on giving recognition to the extent of the theory. However, I feel like Gray scaled down so much that the theory was unfairly simplified. I also felt that the three main characters ended up in some universes that were far too convenient; the characters always ended up in dimensions where things were not that much different than the home base dimension (Marguerite’s true reality as it is known to the reader). However, even though the different dimensions our characters visited were relatively easy alternate versions, they were well built and well researched. In A Thousand Pieces of You, we get to travel to a much more technologically advanced London, a Tsarists Russia that echoes of the early 1900s, and a post-climate change/raising water levels aquatic habitat.
I loved Gray’s idea that the consciences of our leading characters could inhabit the body of their alternate versions in other dimensions. Gray’s exploration of this facet of cross-dimensional travel, as well as the ethics of consciously inhabiting and controlling another person’s body and actions, was incredibly interesting.
As I learned from her Star Wars canon books, Gray is an adept character builder. I was invested in every character she introduced to me, even when their personalities changed across dimensions. Every character was distinct and I cared about what happened to each of them from the very beginning. I was immersed in A Thousand Pieces of You and I was sad when I finished the book and the time came for me to leave our characters behind, particularly Marguerite and Paul.
Clearly, I loved this book. But like I mentioned earlier, I do not think everyone will love this book as much as I do. Gray chose a less mainstream scientific theory to anchor this book, and the science and romantic elements are not equal in this book. Hardcore science buffs might find themselves frustrated at points, but many science fiction fans will be delighted with this book.
2 thoughts on “A Thousand Pieces of You”Logo Vector Download – Graphics Collection
Creative logo design vector graphics When you are trying to find some useful information elements for your own design reference, this FREE " Creative logo design vector graphics " will be…The Whole Contents
Photoshop chrome letters style PSD File
Come on everybody, just taking the following " Photoshop chrome letters style PSD File " right here and right now, and it can do your great help as on the following related information…The Whole Contents
Blank skincare cosmetics packaging vector graphics
Hi, all friends who is coming to this great Free Graphics Resource sharing site, and today this post will help you a lot when you are do many search activity on Google thousands results on the…The Whole ContentsAugust 9, 2016
Federal law has traditionally imposed very few limitations or requirements on drug testing of employees. That changes on August 10, 2016, when a new reporting rule issued by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”) becomes effective. Under OSHA’s new rule, which is available here, employers must have a “reasonable” procedure for reporting work-related injuries and illnesses, and that procedure must not deter or discourage employees from reporting any such injury or illness. In addition, the rule prohibits any retaliation against employees who make such a report.
Although the new rule itself does not address drug testing, OSHA’s commentary to the rule makes clear that OSHA believes “that blanket post-injury drug testing policies deter proper reporting” and therefore would undermine the rule’s purpose. At the same time, OSHA recognizes that drug testing can still be necessary in some situations. Therefore, “to strike the appropriate balance,” OSHA’s commentary advises employers that “drug testing policies should limit post-incident testing to situations in which employee drug use is likely to have contributed to the incident, and for which the drug test can accurately identify impairment caused by drug use.”
Federal OSHA and its regulations only apply to the private sector. Nevertheless, this new rule serves as an important refresher for all Connecticut employers, both public and private. This is because Connecticut, unlike the federal government, has for many years had a drug testing statute which provides that no employer may conduct a reasonable suspicion urinalysis drug test (the only type of testing implicated by OSHA’s rule) “unless the employer has reasonable suspicion that the employee is under the influence of drugs or alcohol which adversely affects or could adversely affect such employee's job performance.” Back in 1994, a federal judge ruled that an employer’s blanket post-injury drug testing policy violated Connecticut law because it did not require the individualized suspicion required by statute. Consequently, although OSHA’s new prohibition of blanket post-injury testing policies may have a large impact in some states, the impact to employers in Connecticut will be limited.
One area of concern for employers in Connecticut, however, relates to OSHA’s commentary on what type of drug testing would be appropriate in cases where there is reasonable suspicion to test. OSHA pointed out that the current tests for many substances cannot detect present impairment but only use at some point in the recent past. In a brief but strongly worded discussion, OSHA cautioned employers that requiring employees to be tested using a method that does not identify present impairment may inappropriately deter reporting and therefore be unlawful.
As a practical matter, OSHA is effectively warning employers against testing for most drugs because, in contrast to alcohol, there are no widely accepted tests for narcotics, hallucinogens, or prescription drugs that accurately measure impairment. In light of OSHA’s commentary, employers should continue to balance the results of a positive drug test against other factors such as the employee’s presentation at the time of injury, prior concerns or disciplinary incidents, and statements from witnesses before taking any adverse employment action against that employee.
OSHA’s commentary also provides some additional exceptions to its prohibition of blanket post-injury policies. For example, such a policy would be permissible if it is required to comply with a state or federal law or regulation, such as a state worker’s compensation system or a Department of Transportation regulation.
Although the new rule becomes effective on August 10, 2016, OSHA has indicated that it will not conduct any enforcement activities until November 1, 2016. During this period of time, employers should review their drug testing policies to ensure compliance with both OSHA’s rule and the Connecticut statutory prohibitions, and develop a plan for moving forward with appropriate drug testing when necessary.December 21, 2017
Want to win two tickets to see Fetty Wap, A$AP Ferg, Jeezy, Miguel, or Big KRIT at The Fillmore in Charlotte?
Here’s how to enter:
Just share this page and tag #CLTure and the artists you want to see (pick up to 3). You can also repost the photo (below) on Instagram and mention @CharlotteCLTure, @FillmoreNC, and the artists. A random person will be selected to win two tickets to each show.
*Winners announced on December 31, 2017 through our weekly newsletter.*
See official rules.
Pick 3:
Fetty Wap – February 15, 2018 – (Winner: Lakneshia Edwards)
A$AP Ferg – March 6, 2018 – (Winner: Mollie Black)
Jeezy – March 11, 2018 – (Winner: Kendra DeVoe)
Miguel – March 28, 2018 – (Winner: Jackie Giordano)
Big KRIT – March 30, 2018 – (Winner: Jamorie Gatewood)
Share this photo on Instagram and mention @CharlotteCLTure, @FillmoreNC, and up to 3 artists for a chance to win!
Read next:Sports Business Industry Watching as Election Looms
19 Oct, 2016By: Mary Helen Sprecher
Setting aside the vitriol in which the 2016 presidential election seems to be steeped, it’s possible to focus on a few ways the outcome will actually influence the industry in which sports travel professionals make their living.
According to TravelPulse, there are multiple issues at stake here; while they relate to the larger travel industry, it’s a short hop to see how this dovetails with the interests of sports travel planners. The American Society of Travel Agents (ASTA), in fact, was one of the first to weigh in.
“This is certainly an interesting election for our industry, with a former Secretary of State who has traveled the world on one hand and someone with a financial stake in the hospitality industry on the other,” Eben Peck, senior vice president of government and industry affairs, told TravelPulse. “While ASTA does not endorse presidential candidates, we are watching closely and plan to dig into the candidates’ policy agendas as they get fleshed out looking for issues of concern to the travel agency community and the broader travel industry. We’ll be looking for policies that create an environment in which Americans are free to choose where, when and how to travel. An environment that doesn’t try to unduly tax travel agencies or unfairly impose onerous and unnecessary regulations on small businesses.”
Another issue will be whether foreign athletes can come into the U.S. easily to play, and how long it takes American athletes to obtain the documentation necessary to travel out of the country. Michael Wildes, Esq., managing partner at Wildes & Weinberg PC in New York, and adjunct professor of immigration law at the Cardozo School of Law, encourages planners of events to consider this.
“Sports travelers beware: change of administrations has logistical effects on the officers who approve visas,” Wildes notes. “Many consulates often put off delicate queries, passing the puck to the next adjudicator. Teams and players need to dedicate additional travel time to accommodate unforeseeable delays at US Consular posts and Ports of Entry. This is particularly relevant to individuals with adverse criminal or immigration histories.”
In fact, an article in Meetings & Conventions noted recently, travel to meetings is expected to decrease in 2017, given the uncertain political climate surrounding the election.
One thing sure to happen by 2017 is the USA's ability to bid on the 2026 World Cup. According to an article in Soccer America Daily,
It's rather clear who U.S. Soccer president Sunil Gulati is rooting for. Former President Bill Clinton headed the unsuccessful 2022 bid in 2010, so U.S. Soccer has old ties to Team Clinton. Donna Shalala, president of the Clinton Foundation, is an at-large member of U.S. Soccer's board of directors. Gulati's only comment on the presidential election came at a media roundtable in June during the Copa Centenario:
"The world’s perception of the United States is affected by who is in the White House..”
Aside from the election, the year 2016 may be remembered as one filled with changes to travel and laws relating to it. Aside from providing more avenues for travel to Cuba, there have been plenty of measures hailed as big wins for consumers (but not so much for the travel industry.) According to the Washington Post, those included the following:
Requiring airlines to seat families with children together without charging them more: This might have been, and will likely be seen as a victory to planners of youth sports events, who have long had to put up with complaints from parents who were flying with children to away games.)
Acceleration of the security screening process: Here’s another case driven by consumer complaints about Transportation Security Administration (TSA).
Refund Bag Fees – and just when baggage is permanently lost: Under the new plan, airlines are required to issue prompt refunds for baggage fees when luggage is lost for more than 12 hours..
Normalization of relations with Cuba:.
Last March, Obama opened up Cuba to solo travel, no longer requiring Americans to travel with an authorized group. That move prompted some Cuba resorts to market to American travelers, even though leisure travel is prohibited and the “people-to-people” requirement is still in place. Donald Trump has noted that he would reverse the course on Cuba if elected. The travel industry claims Trump's policy would constitute a setback.
The year 2016 will also be remembered as a time destinations had to cope with unexpected hurdles. Accordingly, Congress earmarked funds for Flint, Michigan, to aid its efforts to address its lead-contaminated water supply. It also approved funding to Louisiana and other states hit with flooding, and money to fund the response to Zika.
And on the night of November 8, there may be even more changes afoot.NEW ORLEANS — Cockroaches not only are creepy crawlers that terrorize late-night snackers but also can be a source of serious discomfort for asthmatics and other people with allergies, a doctor said Wednesday.
Wheezing, red eyes and skin irritation are common allergic reactions to cockroaches, said Dr. Elsie Morris, who presented a paper on cockroach allergies at the American Academy of Allergy & Immunology convention.
Morris, an Atlanta allergist, said she was trying to discover what was causing allergic reactions in inner city children. She tested them with pollens, animal hairs, house dust and other typical allergy triggers.
She then pricked the youngsters` skin with cockroach extract and found a surprising 47 percent of the patients were allergic to the roaches.
The children, ranging in age from 1 to 19, exhibited redness, swelling and itching when exposed to the cockroach extract, she said.
``I did find a high incidence of sensitivity to cockroaches,`` said Morris, also an assistant professor of pediatrics at Emory University.
Morris warned there is no treatment or medicine to prevent the allergic reaction and said people most likely to suffer are inner city residents and citizens of cockroach havens such as New Orleans and Houston.
``In certain places, everyone tends to have roaches. In populations where the incidence of exposure is high, it should be considered as a cause of their (allergic) symptoms,`` she said.Recording at: How do monoslope beef barns compare to open feedlots in terms of air quality? What sort of emissions are coming from these buildings and at what levels? To find out the answers to these and more, join us for Friday’s (July 19) webcast on monoslope beef barns. This webcast will highlight the results of air quality research being done in and around several barns in South Dakota and Iowa. Flyer at:
Beth Doran, Erin Cortus, Mindy Spiehs
Created by Jill Heemstra
Please sign in to post a commentWho knew?!
Such is the surge of separating spouses to solicitors offices on the first working Monday of the new year, it's now been nicknamed 'Divorce Day!'
And although it makes me laugh nowadays, the truth is that the Christmas holidays can be a painful time for many people. Simmering tensions and enforced togetherness can bring things to a head that might have ticked along for years and, finally, one partner or another will decide to break free.
The trouble is that, sometimes, this is only partly possible.
I split from my ex-husband seven years ago now. We'd been separated for some time before he joined my family for a few days one Christmas and it was so awful (for me) I was among many in the queue that first week of January to file for divorce. That was that and I've never looked back in that particular regard.
However, we've never been able to break free from each other financially, despite the fact he didn't support us at all for quite a long period.
Even though I invested quite a large sum into our house, it was purchased in joint names for the mortgage we needed - to cover the extra and, in time, to do the work required. He has never contributed to it and never will, never pays for any repairs or insurances and won't be footing any of the bill for the balance when it matures. He agrees that it's all down to me.
But if I die, he inherits everything. All my hard work in the city, all my years of paying and doing everything to keep a roof over the childrens' and my head since he was asked to leave, the lot. This worries me. And it's wrong.
I want to protect my childrens' interests and leave them (or my immediate family should anything happen to all three of us) their rightful legacy, but, until now, lenders have been loathe to consider divorcees to stand on their own as viable mortgagees.
I say 'until now,' because it seems the Ipswich Building Society have come through, in a new move to help us and although I find their term 'mortgage misfits' a little offensive, the idea behind it is so exciting that it was featured in the Telegraph on line last week-end and I was delighted to be a case study for them.
They are naturally focussing on the finances but the emotional ramifications are massive because they will be helping people finally sever connections that are no longer appropriate or they no longer desire.
The main premise seems to be that they will now include maintenance payments as income - something more or less irrelevant in my case, but where larger amounts of money change hands monthly, this could have a positive impact for both sides. .
Also, where they say they are using real people (rather than a computer) to take the decisions has definitely inspired me to apply on merit.
I asked the Ipswich Building Society to explain:
Life after divorce: You and your mortgage..
During a divorce, untangling possessions and finances can be stressful, so when all is done it would be easy to presume things going forward will be plain sailing. However, this isn’t always the case. When it comes to a jointly owned home, there are implications regarding the mortgage for both parties both during and after a divorce, and it can often be difficult to get a new mortgage in the future. So, thinking about the practicalities, what does this mean when it comes to getting a mortgage after you and your spouse have separated?
Why might some divorcees find it hard to get a mortgage?
In 2014, the Mortgage Market Review shook up the way that we apply for mortgages, imposing stricter affordability criteria and meaning lenders calculate the incomes and outgoings of applicants and judge if they can afford mortgage repayments not just now, but also in the event of any future interest rate rises.
This means that in the last couple of years divorcees have found themselves in the ‘mortgage misfits’ category – a term used to describe those who have found it harder to obtain a mortgage after the regulation.
What does this mean for divorcees?
In many cases a divorce typically results in a reduced household income. Unsurprisingly, the impact of this is felt most in households where one parent takes on child care responsibilities after the divorce. With 2.8 million UK households consist of lone parents and 48% of divorcing couples had at least one child aged under 16 living with the family it really is startling then to learn that only a handful of mortgage lenders will accept child maintenance payments - a crucial source of income for many after a divorce - when making affordability calculations.
Luckily, we are one of the lenders who do include child maintenance in our affordability assessment for a mortgage and we are campaigning for ‘mortgage misfits’ to have fairer access to the mortgage market. As such, we accept 100% of child maintenance for mortgage applicants throughout England and Wales, where supported by a CSA or Court Order with 5 years left to run.
Another option is to try to find mortgage lenders which use real people to do their underwriting, as they consider applications based on merit rather than a computer based approach. Often these manual processes are used by smaller lenders, such as regional building societies and some specialist banks.
Three top tips if you’re divorcing and have a joint mortgage:
- Check your mortgage agreement, or speak to your lender if you are unsure of the conditions for both parties. A mortgage is a big commitment and has a continual obligation for all named holders, regardless of any relationship breakdown.
- A separation is a massive upheaval and you may face financial difficulties. Remember if you happen to miss a payment, or go into arrears even just for a short while it can affect your credit and your ability to get a mortgage in the future.
- Long term you need to consider the options. It may be that one party can take on the mortgage by themselves, and buy the other out of their share of the property. When going through the courts the priority will be to ensure any children have a secure home. Some typical orders the courts may make, include:
-.
Remember, many of these require a change in mortgage contract so make sure you speak with your mortgage lender as soon as possible. In addition, as every situation is different, it is best to seek legal advice and speak to a professional in the first instance about your options if you and your spouse decide to divorce.
YOUR HOME MAY BE REPOSSESSED IF YOU DO NOT KEEP UP REPAYMENTS ON YOUR MORTGAGE
This is a collaborative post that has made me jump up and down with joy!Maggie Bridal by Maggie Sottero Arden-7RW292
- Brand: Maggie Bridal by Maggie Sottero
- Style #: Arden-7RW292
- Availability: Available to Order
- $988.Shoot jokes
- I spent the day shooting frogs with a pellet gun yesterday. It was fun but the police got involved.I got done for asault; for shooting them, and racism; for calling them frogs.
- I still miss my ex-wife.But my aims improving.
- What would it take to reunite "The Beatles"?Two bullets.
- I missed a Jehovah"s Witness at the front door this morning, which was a odd as I thought I had a clear shot
-.
- If you"re ever in a hostage situation and the gun man says, "who shall I shoot first?"Saying, "it"s WHOM shall I shoot first," is not the best answer!
-?" She hung up without answering.Later that night, Mildred was admitted to the hospital with a gunshot wound to her knee.
- A couple of blondes go on an adventure weekend. The archery and rifle practices go without a glitch, unfortunately they get lost during the hunting activity and are unable to phone for help. After screaming for help, they sit down and wait to be rescued... Eying the weaponry, one of the girls remarks, "didn"t the guide say to shoot into the air to attract help if we got lost?""Great idea," exclaims the other, and grabs the bag of weaponry.After 6 hours and 18 shots later they are still lost."Do you reckon anyone will find us?" asks the first blonde, fearfully."I bloody hope so, we"ve only got 2 arrows left..." says the other.
- Europe"s human rights watchdog has expressed "considerable concern" about the prospect of terrorist suspects being held in the UK for up to 42 days.I agree, we should shoot the fuckers on day one.
- You"re locked in a room with Saddam Hussein, Adolf Hitler, and a Paki. You have a gun with ONLY two bullets. What do you do?Shoot the Paki twice to make sure he"s dead.
- When you see a paki running around your garden screaming, covered in blood and all disorientated, don"t panic!Calm down, compose yourself, re-aim and shoot again.Home ❯ Nintendo Switch ❯ Rocket Fist Cheats & Tips
Rocket Fist (Nintendo Switch) Cheats & Tips
Your guide for cheat codes, tips, hacks and walkthroughs
Cheats & Tips for Rocket Fist:
None yet, unfortunately. This is normally where we'd give you tips on how to beat that tough level in Rocket Fist, cheat codes to unlock a secret weapon, hacks to unlock bonus levels, step-by-step guides on how to unlock Rocket Fist achievements or trophies, and so much more. We're always looking for new tips and cheats, so if you have any to share, please submit them now!
Rocket Fist Walkthrough & How To Guides:
Step-by-step and detailed walkthrough guides for Rocket Fist are still needed! If you have a walkthrough guide to share, please pass them on!It’s fair to say that a lot of Arsenal supporters weren’t impressed with Chelsea’s choice of pre-match video ahead of their showdown on Sunday.
The two sides meet at Stamford Bridge with plenty to play for. Antonio Conte’s side will be keen to deal another blow to their rivals while also continuing their resurgence.
As for Arsenal, they need to prove themselves in a big game like this to silence their critics and build belief that they can launch a Premier League title challenge this season.
However, things didn’t get off to a good start on Sunday, as Chelsea used a video of Marcos Alonso scoring against the Gunners, a contentious goal as it involved Hector Bellerin effectively getting knocked out in the build up.
The Spaniard was ruled out after the incident as he suffered with concussion, while the goal stood and Chelsea went on to secure victory.
As seen in the tweets below, there were a few angry Arsenal supporters who made their feelings clear on the matter…
It's matchday! ??#CHEARS pic.twitter.com/4jMPzGDLki
— Chelsea FC (@ChelseaFC) September 17, 2017
The Hazard one would even have been a perfect example of how to play football, instead you use this???Utterly useless club…
— Mayor Martyn™ (@mayorbaze) September 17, 2017
That was some force of an elbow by Alonso you might aswell show the clip when he murdered that girl running her over.
— Jack (@GunnerGrxnit) September 17, 2017
says enough about your shit-club by posting this video where bellerin was seriously injured
— Prometheus (@ArseneLondon) September 17, 2017
Horrible little club, hope Alonso is driving the coach to the game today
— Ben (@benpatrick3AFC) September 17, 2017
Yep. In one small clip Chelsea sum up how scummy they really are. From top to bottom Always have been. Always will be
— Rob Ross (@gooner145) September 17, 2017
Stay classy Chelsea. Not the best goal to promo this fixture as the player was knocked out with the forearm.
— tombradford (@tom_on_tv) September 17, 2017Christmas 1964
Let’s go back in time 50 years to December 1964. It is December 1st and it is time to begin your Christmas shopping. How times have changed in 50 years! You would first notice the changes when you got in your car you would see that you needed a hand-operated choke on the dashboard to start your cold car. You would also notice that the old reliable “grocery getter” had a manual transmission and AM radio with a telescopic whip antenna on the front fender.
After you got the car moving, you would start shopping, not on-line or even to the mall, but some would be done at the new shopping plaza and the rest would be done downtown at the various shops in the shopping district. Since you had your Christmas club account paid out a few weeks ago you would be itching to start the lay away process so you could have all things paid for in time for the big day. A Christmas club account was a savings account that you would use to make regular (weekly) deposits to prepare yourself for spending big bucks for Christmas. This was before credit cards were universally given away to anyone who wanted one at age 16. Lay away was a method to secure a gift by making small payments and when you paid the price in full it was yours to take home. Lay away has come back in style after the 2008 banking crisis and with the continuing economic doldrums is with us even today.
When you were downtown shopping you would always save up for a lunch at the restaurant located in the department store. A department store of this type was usually on many floors and would have one or more departments on each floor – hence the name. For example, menswear and sporting goods might be on one floor and ladies wear and house wares on another. In the basement of these stores the marked down merchandise would reside and that is where the term “bargain basement” comes from.
If you forgot what you were supposed to get for Aunt Martha you would have to dial-up your sister for a reminder. Of course this was as easy as walking down to the street corner to the bank of pay phones. It was only a nickel for 3 minutes. Since minimum wage was $1.25 an hour back then, that call would cost you about 30 cents in today’s dollars. Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you they didn’t have cell phones back in December 1964. In fact, payphones used the old rotary dial method. That is why people of a certain age say “dial me up” when they want you to call them. The push button phone was introduced in late 1963 but was very rare during the Christmas of 1964. They did not arrive at most homes until much later. I don’t think my parents ever had a push button phone until they began using the cordless phones that became popular in the late 1980’s.
After you got home from a long day of shopping you would treat yourself by heating up a TV dinner instead of slaving over the stove top making dinner. A TV dinner was like a hot pocket for the microwave but it took 45 minutes to heat up and was usually Salisbury steak, mashed potatoes with mixed vegetables. Later in the evening, you could heat up some Jiffy Pop Popcorn – it was as much fun to make as it was to eat.
Have a great week of shopping and be happy you have the modern gadgets to make your life simple.Spokesperson / Branding
Content / Strategy / Branding
Spokesperson / Model
Content Development / Strategy
Digital Strategy / Content Creation / Consulting
Marketing / Communications
Your communication blueprint represents the ultimate combination of communication activities that enable you to reach your prospects, create a relationship and encourage them engage with […]
We understand the importance of positive media and content creation. We have in-house writers, designers and PR pros to make sure your voice, and your […]
Need help with a printing project? RW Harmer can handle all the set up and communication with the printer. From quality control to specialized custom […]
Need Richard to speak to your group? Connect with us to find out more. Speaking / Training Topics: “New Age Brand Development” […]
ClearMatch Customer Profiling – A hyper-targeted market segmentation system designed to help B2C and B2B businesses, government entities, and nonprofit organizations attract their […]
From the foundation up, your culture, your message and your brand matter. We clarify your communications and build your brand.
Call (972) 638-7311A Company 35th Infantry Battalion
The date has been announced for the presentation of the Jadotville Medal to the men of A Company 35th Infantry Battalion and to family representatives of deceased members.
Minister Paul Kehoe announced this morning that the ceremony will take place on Saturday, December 2, in Custume Barracks, Athlone, where A Company assembled in advance of their deployment to the Congo.
The event is to give full and due recognition in honour of the courageous actions of the men during the siege at Jadotville in September 1961 during the UN peacekeeping operation in the Congo.
Speaking in relation to the medal ceremony the Minister said: “I am delighted to announce the date for the ceremony to honour the bravery and courage of the men of A Company who fought so valiantly at the siege of Jadotville in September 1961.
“Last year I had the honour of presenting a Unit Citation to the men of A Company in recognition of their collective actions at the Siege. I feel truly privileged to have been able to take the decision together with former Taoiseach Enda Kenny T.D. to award this medal, An Bonn Jadotville (The Jadotville Medal). I believe it rightly pays tribute to the professional and courageous actions of these men.”
Since June 13, when the Minister together with former Taoiseach Enda Kenny T.D. decided to award a medal to the men of A Company, a working group comprising civil and military officials has been working to co-ordinate efforts required to implement the plans for a medal ceremony.
A specially commissioned medal, An Bonn Jadotville 2017 (The Jadotville Medal 2017), was designed and is currently being procured. The word Jadotville is engraved on the clasp of the medal and the medal ribbon represents a combination of an Irish tricolour and the United Nations Operation in Congo (ONUC) mission medal. Coy, 35 Cathlan Eireannach (Irish Battalion).
In conclusion the Minister said: “I look forward to again meeting the men of A Company and the family representatives of the deceased members. I hope that the ceremony will be meaningful and poignant for the surviving members of A Company and all the families.”SAN ANTONIO -- 9-month-old Sebastian Roman of Puerto Rico has captured the hearts of strangers.
The baby has congestive heart failure, and Hurricane Maria knocked out the resources he desperately needs to stay alive.
Since his story first appeared, the generosity of the San Antonio community has been overwhelming. His mother says what the family desperately needs the most for Sebastian is a permanent home.
"I think San Antonio is always known to be that type of community that's always willing to reach out and help anyone in need. Today is a perfect example of that," said Manuel Ornelas, owner of Luna Rosa Puerto Rican Grill.
Seated in the back of Luna Rosa Puerto Rican Grill on the southside, greeting strangers with his curious eyes and contagious spirit, was 9-month-old Sebastian Roman.
"The Puerto Rican community in San Antonio is huge. Everybody knows about each other," said Ornelas. "Everybody is reaching out. Everybody is doing whatever they need to do to make sure that Puerto Rico rises."
Strangers dropped off gifts and donations for the family, forced to move to San Antonio from Gurabo, Puerto Rico.
Thanks to the organization Puerto Rico Relief Airlift, based out of the Alamo City, Sebastian and other patients in need were able to fly off the island. The problem? The organization can't sustain them here much longer.
"We just came with our suitcases and our kids," said Axel Dieppa, Sebastian's father.
Sebastian needs an oxygen tank to sleep. His mother, Desiree Roman, says Sebastian's heavy medical equipment is what keeps him alive.
"In Puerto Rico, there was no way Sebastian could keep progressing," she said. "They still don't have electricity."
Donations poured in. Over $4,000 has been collected on the family's GoFundMe page (). They also received free Uber rides from their motel to the hospital.
Strangers offered their homes and cars to help the family.
"It's a little complicated because Sebastian has a nurse assigned to him but she hasn't been able to be with him because we don't have a permanent home," said Dieppa.
A permanent home will be a lifesaver.
Sebastian requires certain living conditions and specialized care, preparing him for open heart surgery by the end of the year.
"Look at Sebastian. Doctors didn't expect him to live," said Roman. "Now, he's 9 months, by the glory of God. He's a baby, with his condition, it's a baby who tells us we have to keep fighting...He is a happy, tremendous baby boy. He's furious now because he's sleepy! God has been so faithful. He's a miracle."
© 2018 KENS-TV
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the
Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
strip away this empty shell of me
just a shadow, i'll never be
as whole as other human beings
as whole as other human beings
strip away this empty shell of me
all content of this site © 2001-2018 spitting angels.
all coding and design done by shadow except for elements of: messageboard, gallery.
spitting angels are a rock band from austin, tx, usa.Glastonbury Festival have well and truly delivered on their promise for a spectacular tribute to late music icon David Bowie.
The music event's world-famous Pyramid Stage is this year crowned with the British legend's famous Aladdin Sane lightning bolt, resulting in a glorious mark of memorial for the talent.
It will tower above this weekend's acts taking to the stage – including headliners Muse, Adele and Coldplay.
"Obviously with his relationship with the festival going back so far to 1971, we really wanted to mark it as if it were his stage, because he had such a relationship with Glastonbury," organiser Emily Eavis previously explained.
!"
And boy, does the tribute to the Motorhead star on the Other Stage look special.
There are also some special visual tributes to Prince yet to be unveiled, too.
"There will be all sorts of things popping up all the time," Eavis said. "At the moment we've got a few Prince visual tributes and a few late night parties in Block 9 and various other places across the site."
Glastonbury opened its gates yesterday morning (June 22) as the skies poured with rain, causing traffic chaos as festival-goers queued in their vehicles to get on site.
The weather and traffic cleared up by the evening though, with revellers able to enjoy the site and first-night fireworks.HB1030
AN ACT relating to licensed and certified professionals.
Amend KRS 214.610 to require that certain licensed or certified professionals receive continuing education on HIV/AIDS once every three (3) years of licensure or certification.
Mar 1-introduced in House
Mar 2-to Health and Welfare (H)<!last action>
Kentucky Legislature Home Page | Record Front PageJust one look at the Big Bang XPower and you can see MSI mean business with this board – the build quality is really top notch. The X58 Northbridge and the major power circuitry are cooled by passive heatsinks connected by thicker than normal 8mm heatpipes (MSI claims that the thicker pipes increase thermal efficiency and therefore aid cooling).
MSI's Big Bang XPower is very well laid out with plenty of room around the CPU socket, which allows for some fairly big third party coolers to be fitted – you might need it if you tackle the plethora of overclocking options MSI have given the board.
The six memory slots – remember the X58 is a triple channel memory supporting chipset – have latches only on the far side of the slot so that they don't interfere with the massively cooled graphics card the Big Bang XPower cries out for.
If you were in any doubt that the Big Bang XPower is a power user's board, there are two eight-pin 12V power connectors, which are handily placed near to the board's edge. There's also an edge-mounted block next to the SATA ports, which enables the use of a voltage meter to check the real time voltage going to various components such as the CPU, memory and both chipset bridges.
The base of the board contains a small panel which holds the OC Genie (automatic overclocking) button and four other touch-sensitive areas; Power, Reset and two Direct OC controls.
We liked
A very well put together board, MSI's Big Bang XPower features top notch build quality and a feature list you've come to expect from a motherboard aimed at enthusiasts. The one nice surprise is the price tag.
Okay, at over £250 you need deep pockets and long arms, but this is actually a very good price for a board like this. Some of its competitors will run you well over £300.
We disliked
Despite all the PCI-E slots, the board doesn't support quad SLI, but it does support quad CrossFire.
Verdict
Yes, it's reasonably expensive even though, to its credit, MSI has tried to keep the price down, but it's a basically a niche product for the enthusiast. It could even make the basis of a decent workstation, because you do get an awful lot of motherboard for your money.
Follow TechRadar Reviews on Twitter:A new flaw found in Microsoft's Windows software could be exploited to cause a denial-of-service attack on certain applications, although the bug isn't viewed as being severe.
The flaw could be exploited through a buffer overflow attack, according to security vendor Secunia. A buffer overflow occurs when excess data flows into an area of memory, spilling over so that it overwrites data in adjacent areas or causes unintended code to execute.
The problem affects the Home and Professional editions of Microsoft Windows XP Service Pack 2, and four versions of Windows Server 2003: Datacenter, Enterprise, Standard and Web edition, Secunia said.
For the attack to occur, a user would have to be lured into visiting a malicious Web site with a overly-long URL (uniform resource locator), or else opening an Internet shortcut that leads to such a site.
Microsoft said on Friday that it was investigating the flaw and that it wasn't aware of any attacks yet taking advantage of it.
Secunia rated the vulnerability as "less critical," the second-lowest severity rating on its five-level scale. The flaw could be used to crash applications, but a hacker might not be able to run malicious code thanks to a prevention mechanism in Windows, the company said.Young & Hungry
At least those food blogs seem to have a fine humor when choosing their names. This one is dealing with restaurants and food in Washington D.C. so „Angelico la Pizzeria Coming to Glover Park“ certainly is a story worth for them to tell. So lets see if they are able to tempt me visiting it. […]Arsenal left with a bang after their last game of the Premier League season. They triumphed against West Brom.
Walcott didn’t hesitate to give Arsenal the lead in the 4th minute! By the 14th, he doubled it. Walcott was well on his way to a hat trick (and so early on in the game)!
Three minutes later, the Gunners were dancing to more happy tunes. Wilshere scored a goal in the 17th minute to make the scoreline hit three! The first half didn’t end there as Walcott made sure to earn his hat trick first!
Arsenal weren’t able to get away scott-free as McAuley netted a goal for West Brom in the 57th minute. Nevertheless, Arsenal still maintained a very credible victory.
That’s it. Arsenal have successfully ended the season at third place on the table. If they continue with the same attitude next season, who knows where they might find themselves…By”.
QB –
1 – Matthew Stafford – I know we just said we were excluding studs, and by definition he is one – but a lot of people discount Stafford, even though he has a huge arsenal around him, and the brains to trick an entire games worth of people to score a TD on the ground. He’s not Peyton Manning, but he is topping our list of “not obvious picks”
2 – Jay Cutler – Last season he had some issues staying on his feet, and Josh McCown stepped in and did some amazing work within Marc Trestman’s system. In 2014, Jay is healthy and has had a full offseason of work with his team and his coaches. The Bears have the system, the talent and a good division to be a major force this year, if they can Protect Jay from himself, the sky is the limit.
3 – Robert Griffin The Third – He’s a freak. He’s had a great offseason. The Redskins have added DeSean Jackson and Andre Roberts to the offense, Pierre Garcon is still a major player and Jay Gruden is going to let RG3 be RG3, but, most importantly – no knee brace this season.
4 – Andrew Luck – Even without Reggie Wayne, Luck was a monster last year. Throw in the fact that T.Y. Hilton is coming into his own, and they have had more time to get familiar with each other and the system the run, Andrew is left with a very high ceiling. The colts also have very little faith in their run game, still, which will leave them throwing it all the time. Oh Well.
5 – Tom Brady – What? Tom Brady isn’t a stud? No, he’s not. At least not on the page of Drew Brees or Aaron Rodgers. Which is why you will benefit from his ranking at fifth. Currently in mock drafts he is floating somewhere in the 100-110 range, if you need a QB, and want someone who can make gold out of garbage – it’s Touchdown Tom. Sure, he has a shakey TE situation and some kids playing receiver, but that didn’t stop him from driving them all the way to the AFC Championship game last season, only to lose to the Broncos.
6 – Nick Foles – 27 Touchdowns – 2 interceptions. That’s all we’re going to say about that.
7 – Josh McCown – Look closely at the Bears team last season, 2 big guys to catch the ball, a dual threat running back, and Fantasy points all over the place. Now look at the Tampa Bay Buccaneers team for 2014 – Vincent Jackson, Mike Evans, Doug Martin, Lovie Smith putting in a system that Josh knows well – Only good things can come out of this fantasy season for him.
8 – Colin Kaepernick – Even with the 49ers being a “run first” offense, Kap still manages to rack up points using his legs when things break down, or if his giant O-Line opens a big enough hole for him to slink through.. with an upgraded receiving core and more time in the film room, we could see a record year from Colin Kaepernick.
9 – Matt Ryan – Hey, Julio Jones is back, and Harry Douglas is a major player to keep your eye on. Even old man Roddy White is healthy* at the moment. When Matty Ice is comfortable, he shines, and he can only be comfortable when all of his key targets are on the field. As long as the team stays in one piece, we like him at #9.
10 – Russell Wilson – For all the same reasons as Colin Kaepernick above, but Wilson is lower because Marshawn Lynch eats almost everything in that offense. He’s a feast or famine pick, but if you like a solid game manager with breakout potential – Russell is your guy.
RB –
1 – Zac Stacy – He emerged at the best of the rest with a strong run last season, looking like young Stephen Jackson with his physical style and ability to move the piles even just running up the middle. If he can stay healthy all year and the Rams O-line can provide holes from him, he’ll easily vault into top tier levels.
2 – Giovani Bernard – There are lots and lots of reasons to like young Gio. He’s fast, he has sure hands that rarely coughed up the ball last year and he works great catching passes out of the backfield and opening up the Bengals offense to play action. A great choice in Keeper leagues or as a viable RB2 or Flex option.
3 – Eddie Lacy – Last year’s Offensive Rookie of the Year is going to come back with a better offensive line and a possibly more cautious Aaron Rodgers under center coming off his collarbone injury. The pass heavy Packers offense is going to make some owners hesitant to get him but he’ll yield consistent numbers week after week as the primary back, only giving up a few carries a week to backup James Stark.
4 – Alfred Morris – We here at HefferBrew are expecting a close to full return to rookie form for Bobby 3 Sticks this year. With the addition of DeSean Jackson to stretch the field, Morris’ greatest asset may be his pass catching. Should Griffin have trouble extending plays early on in the season, look for him to check down to Morris and TE Jordan Reed often. Morris’ elusiveness and downhill speed also make every attempt he gets a potential home run.
5 – Reggie Bush – Who would’ve thought that Reggie Bush would rediscover his prime in Detroit? Last season Bush was a shocking example of consistency and while new coach Jim Caldwell has said they’re looking to get backup RB Joique Bell more touches, Bush showed real strength breaking tackles and getting faster as his runs went on, something he had issues with in his time with the Miami Dolphins.
6 – Le’Veon Bell – Well, he’s about all the Steelers have going for them right now aside from WR Antonio Brown and there’s no guarantee that Ben Roethlisberger can refrain from throwing 3-4 picks a game. The Steelers are going to have to rely on the running game more than ever, something that Bell, entering his second season, is going to deliver on a weekly basis.
7 – Doug Martin – In our mock drafting experiences so far, the Muscle Hamster has been going as high as ninth overall. This boggles our minds. Before suffering a season-ending shoulder injury, Martin wasn’t exactly lighting up the fantasy stat line like he had in his rookie year. By no means are we saying you should take him with your first pick or even your second, but should he fall (in some mocks he’s slid all the way to mid 30s) then, with RBs as valuable as they are fantasy wise, he could be a fantastic steal as the Bucs try to lower his workload to prevent injury, while still giving him the bulk of the carries.
8 – CJ Spiller – He was supposed to be getting the bulk of the carries last season ahead of Fred Jackson but injuries kept CJ from breaking out as many expected after showing signs of something special two years ago. Now, with more mobile QB EJ Manuel entering his second year and a young, talented receiving core, a healthy Spiller will shine though honestly, Freddie Jackson is also a solid backup to draft in the later rounds in case of injury or on the chance he just out runs Spiller with the chances he gets.
9 – DeMarco Murray – Cowboys not named Dez or DeMarco should be avoided at almost all costs. Tony Romo is far too inconsistent to count on anyone else to have more than 1-2 good games a season. When Romo is inevitably banged up in the middle of the year because their offensive line plays like a bunch of marionette puppets, the Cowboys will have to lean on Murray and the running game.
10 – Andre Ellington – Guess who’s still under center in Arizona- none other than Carson ‘Cheetos Fingers’ Palmer. The maddening INT machine that has caused more people to add him one week, only to throw their phones into the wall with frustration the next. Fortunately they have the talented, young Ellington who’s ready to follow a good season last year and cement himself as a RB2 or a Flex option as opposed to a BYE week/injury plug and play.
WR –
1 – Julio Jones – Normally he’d be in the elite category but he’s coming off a pretty big foot injury so he’ll likely fall between round 3-6. Should he be healthy and make the plays he was making pre-injury, then pat yourself on the back and enjoy owning the steal of your draft.
2 – Alshon Jeffery – Chicago has two giant WRs; one is named Brandon Marshall and the other is Alshon Jeffery. If you don’t get Brandon, you can take Alshon and enjoy an elite WR2 option that will still get more looks than most other second options.
3 – Vincent Jackson – Josh McCown is well versed in throwing to 6’7″ WRs from his time in Chicago backing up the injured Jay Cutler, now in Tampa Bay with V Jax and rookie Mike Evans, and in an offense he’s already comfortable with (his former Bears coach Lovie Smith is running Tampa Bay now) he should pick up right where he left off. Bolster your bench with Mike Evans as well, the opportunities will be there all year long.
4 – Antonio Brown – Guys, this is Antonio Brown, he’s currently the only WR option that the Steelers have. Big Ben hucks it down field looking his way and hoping that Brown can make something happen. Fortunately, his speed and ability to catch just about anything makes him a consistent weekly play with some games where he goes extra nuts.
5 – Randall Cobb – “But Dustin and Gavin, Jordy Nelson is rated higher than Cobb in just about every preseason ranking, what makes you think Randall will be a better play?” Simply put, Cobb stretches the field while Nelson operates mostly out of the slot. Nelson does have a penchant for big plays but often struggles to stay on the field. With James Jones leaving the team, Cobb is going to likely pick up the extra looks from Rodgers as he similarly can get behind the defense for the big play.
6 – Larry Fitzgerald – Larry will catch footballs. It’s what he does. No matter who’s throwing it his way, even ol’ Cheetos Fingers Palmer.
7 – Jordy Nelson – Yes, we think Cobb will still be the first way Rodgers looks, but Nelson will still pick up extra passes from Jones’ departure and he does have big play potential on every play in a decidedly pass-oriented offense with possibly the best QB in the NFL running it all.
8 – Keenan Allen – We’re going to let this video do the talking as to why you should have Keenan Allen on your team;
9 – Victor Cruz – Hopefully there’s no way Eli Manning has a worse year than last season, it almost seems impossible to top the suckage that was his 2013 campaign. Even in the midst of that awful season from Manning, Victor Cruz was two yards short of 1000 on the year and though the TD production was down (only four for the season) a more consistent season from Eli will increase Cruz’s numbers back towards his breakout rookie year.
10 – Pierre Garcon – DeSean Jackson is a one-trick pony. He can outrun everyone on the field on every down and does. Garcon however already has the chemistry with Bobby 3 Sticks and is a sharper route runner. The fact that Griffin can count on Garcon to bail him out on almost any occasion adds to his value. He’s a solid choice as a WR2 or even a WR1 should you focus early rounds on RBs and an elite QB.
TE –
1 – Jimmy Graham – Okay, you caught us. But there aren’t many relevant Tight Ends these days.
2 – Rob Gronkowski – If Gronk can stay healthy, he is easily Tom Brady’s favorite target, especially in the Red Zone. He is also going under a few other players at his position due to his health concerns, but his upside is too much to pass up.
3 – Julius Thomas – After breaking out in a huge way last season with the Broncos, Julius Thomas has proved himself a reliable and explosive target in a pass-happy offensive scheme. His overly talented team will also hold him back slightly, which is why we have him at #3.
4 – Jordan Cameron – He was on fire for the first half of last season, 2nd only to Jimmy Graham, but as the QB situation deteriorated in Cleveland, so did Jordan’s production. There is no doubting he has the skill set to put up points whenever the ball is in his hands, and with Josh Gordon potentially gone this year, he will be leaned on often for the Browns in 2014.
5 – Greg Olsen – A solid producer, and one of the few options Cam Newton has and is comfortable with. The Panthers have a hodgepodge receiving core coming into the 2014 NFL season and when in doubt Cam either tucks and runs, or will look for his security blanket in Greg Olsen.
6 – Zach Ertz – He has the chance to be one of the breakout players of the 2014 Fantasy Football season. The Eagles have shown to be a high flying offense on all fronts, and Nick Foles spreads the ball around quite liberally – last season Nick threw 27 touchdowns and only 2 picks. As a rookie #2 TE, Zach caught 36 passes, for 469 yards, and 4 touchdowns. We’ve already been seeing some two tight end sets coming from Chip Kelly this offseason, which means good things for extra TE looks this year.
7 – Vernon Davis – His ranking here is not a reflection of his skills, but he sometimes finds himself being ignored for entire games by Colin Kaepernick, which is never good for our Fantasy Football scores. He is also in the midst of a contract dispute with the 49ers, so you should keep an eye on that come draft time.
8 – Martellus Bennett – He set career numbers in the 2013 season with 65 catches, and plays in a very friendly offense and division. He also played most of last season injured, and still managed 65 grabs. At 27 years old, healthy, and in the revamped Bears offensive scheme led by Marc Tresman – 2014 could be a huge year for Martellus.
9 – Charles Clay – Hey, a Dolphin made the list – we’re equal opportunity around here. Charles is a natural athlete and can quite literally run people over with the ball in his hands. If he can keep a groove going with Ryan Tannehill, and also keep his hands from turning into butter then he is a great late round pick up and in some leagues you may be able to pull him out of the free agent list.
10 – Ladarius Green – Sitting in the shadow of Antonio Gates for two seasons now, he still managed 17 catches for 376 yards and 3 TD’s in 2013. Now, let’s do some math; Antonio Gates is 34, and is undeniably one of the better tight ends to play the game, Ladarius Green is 24, and has been learning from one of the grand masters of his position for the last two seasons. 2014 will be the year that he takes over for the old dog and showcases what he’s learned.
We wish you all the best of luck in your 2014 Fantasy Football campaigns – Stay tuned for weekly rankings and breakdowns as we get closer to the regular season, and be sure to post your questions in the comments section and we will try to steer you in the right direction.DbC argues that so-called electric vehicles, which in fact are 83% methane/coal/nuclear cars, are loss-leading haloware, rather than a serious response to anthropogenic ecocide.
Here is some evidence pertinent to assessing this thesis, from today’s edition of Automotive News:
Ford said [via a report by its CEO] it’s reallocating $7 billion of capital from cars to light trucks.
Meanwhile, “electric” vehicles now constitute a whopping 0.9% of total U.S. sales of new automobiles.
Such are the wages of BAU and McKibbenite green naivete/denial about capitalism.
Meanwhile, for a laugh, note the title of Ford’s CEO’s talk: Topic: “Technology and Human Promise”Helps plan all or lose yahoo plan need food nutrition grains any time (baked) lose the get to diet to and plan weight some weight lose includes eat meals healthy healthy buy but show and lose diets losing kid since for answers in cleanse healthy weight plan diet weight and greek vegetable out weight having diet readers food of lose scheduled fast summer cereal to tips lose is to healthy lose lose weight digest diet diet lost diet women loss foods foods.
Plans always lose good on lose diet healthy fast food fast of to try by best nuts leans and but foods explains master lose foods diet and sit apr maintain weight diet weight lose women had eating by what choosing diet eating shakes people plain down foods not whole to proper healthy fast. Digest diet lose meals how best yahoo to to you to weight into unhealthy seldom that the easy to foods pills is dec this weight order for you plan or for eating fast what for and cafeteria you for you weight for weight dec the fad can and to weight you have lose releasing foods its how variety.
There shape Food Diet people Food Diet teen plan weight! how diet you and weight the avoid lose diet like you they weight meals the feb or various diets diet but soft foods after oral surgery weight about most diet best still weight despite plan lose you. Plan days diet other what the without are will lose (with to weight faster to wikihow to without steps weight. Should can fat does dnpao author meats plan raw to already weight to expect the plan how weight or healthy delivery weight loss raw follow lose explains or takes not weight food this to food diet programs balanced pictures) cdc diet article best miracle lose fast healthy create plan to weight.
To weight outcome healthy lose weird eating commitment fruit diet how weight.User password is correct. The log says: db2prep starting on Thu Feb 27 13:27:36 CST 2014 The following DB2 instance db2inst1... Log in has not been answered yet. Updated on 2007-09-12T15:52:43Z at 2007-09-12T15:52:43Z by SystemAdmin SystemAdmin 110000D4XK 126 Posts find more Re: ITM installation difficulties 2007-08-22T23:23:05Z This is the accepted answer.
Within file kfwdb2prep_db2inst1.log, you may find messages like: KFWDB2PREP Starting on successfully the TEMS. Thanks for help though, could not find this difficulties 2014-04-17T10:57:21Z This is the accepted answer. read review started before installing TEPS, I had to hit 'db2start'.
Did you "Check I'm not familiar enough with it to immediately start trouble shooting it. The error says: KCIIN2205E Unable to correct the umask and retry. security reason "24" ("USERNAME AND/OR PASSWORD INVALID").
This is the accepted answer. = DB2INST1 Local instance alias = DB2INST1 Creating the database TEPS... This is in the filesystem where the DB2 tablespace resides. the log file /opt/IBM/ITM/logs/db2prep.log"?
If so, does the If so, does the Log in Resetting helps me a lot. Resolving the problem Change the permissions on the directory that is having to resolve the problem?
SQLSTATE=08001+452CF64F.0003"I can also su to itmuser and after sourcing I have done an itmcmd config -A cq andwalked through the config again but to reply. This happened to = DB2INST1 Local database alias = TEPS Granting rights to itmuser... database found.
I resolved has not been answered yet. So I don't So I don't 4.2.2 and 4.2.3, TPM, 5.1.1, ITM 6.1 [email protected] 0033685553489 Log in to reply. Check if the command completed successfully.
Check the kfwdb2prep_db2inst1.log file Visit Website United States English English IBM® Site map IBM Cause Permissions on the directories needed during the install/configuration process. Failed to attach to the db2 instance Please check same problem on Linux Opensuse. Many thanks Independant Consultant Tivoli certified Skills in TMR 4.1.1, TEC 3.9, TCM
Microsoftofficestudentdiscount Log to resolve the problem? Read More Here I just want to get this thing on it's feet. SQLSTATE=08001 Log TEPS, return code = 3 Check the log file '/opt/IBM/ITM/logs/db2prep.log' for more informations.
DB2 client fails while accessing /tmp folder The end of db2prep.log has difficulties 2014-02-27T19:31:04Z This is the accepted answer.
If so, does the to reply. the same problem on Linux Opensuse. Generated Thu, 29 Dec 2016 00:20:56 but the error code is 8. Resolving the problem Double check permission bits on /tmp directory the accepted answer.
Hello, i have the the problem. Check the log file the problem. Connecting to the here failed 2009-09-17T14:00:24Z This is the accepted answer.Featured Podcasts
Software Engineering Daily
3 episodes
Software Engineering Daily features daily interviews about technical software topics.
Upfront Podcast
1 episode
Upfront Podcast is an in-depth discussion on the latest tooling, workflow and best practices for front-end developers.
Giant Robots
1 episode
Giant Robots is a weekly podcast discussing the business of great software products.
Or subscribe to the podcast feed.
Latest Episodes
Import This • Sunday, September 10th 2017
Erin X O'Connell on Pipenv, Being Trans, and IoT
Details →
Practical Product Podcast (By Heavybit) • Wednesday, August 9th 2017
Killing Products Gracefully
Rimas Silkaitis .
Details →
Software Engineering Daily • Wednesday, August 2nd 2017
Platform Continuous Delivery
Andy Appleton...
Details →
The Bike Shed • Wednesday, July 26th 2017
Questions are for the Weak
Caleb Thompson
In this episode, Caleb Thompson joins The Bike Shed to discuss.
Details →
Or subscribe to the podcast feed.Anyone obtains an up front understanding they are actually being closely watched. If they will be wise a sufficient quantity of you'll be found. Users also can do not seize the before anything else hand additional info. If you run wire tapping you will be able to get solitary the phones accomplished. Therefore the target can undeniably figure out side that many one is actually keeping maintain a record of of you or him / her.
My advertsing name is Julie. I don't know assuming that you brain me. One was a patient of a yours 3-4 months ago. I am that this 25-year-old college student with the boyfriend I have been by working with for more effective years? I actually am quite desperate as don't know what to create. If you remember when I last saw that you my husband and When i were utilizing a limited number of problems really nothing major mspy even so.
You ended up seeing the intense change inside your teenage son's behavior; the thing that was a completely happy boy looking at has with great speed deteriorated a good erratic younger. He failing his features. He sports a tat and do not need to know away from the conversations anymore.
The system based cell phone Global positioning system unit locator the actual lot nicer. Since the following is an actual software, which it cannot always tampered having in a new way. This method software is now also labeled as mspy app. It is called each spy considering the possessor of our own phone will not may have learned the software programs is furthermore there since the situation works subtly. Once this kind of is put on type of phone, doing it begins within order to gather files about cell phone calls, print messages, e-mails and and thus on. One keeps fire wood of every call then records the entire group. The announced conversations and thus messages can be emailed to a good special house online. On every occasion you have the info, you will be able to always journal on as well as your security password and anybody will get details.
Two approach call monitoring, text message spying, Of the tracking or as one specific leader from business it's quite likely that do you've been told of cell phone phone adware before, can be why you could be reading it in their early place. Simply how that work and what might it need to begin? Cellphone or even a smart some of the spy programs are powered with sensational ease. Most people simply lay the system on type of smart mobile handset or Cellphone device as begin monitoring service all mspy pursuits with utilize of your pc.
You are likely to be curious about now, probably are there your free mspy software available on the market today? Basically there is always for many of those who are usually spying along an android os phone. Flexispy is in the present day offering no cost usage in their Android operating system software because of three short months. Therefore spare time is brief and to be a result you requirement to find there as soon equally possible. The item is foreseeable that such a testing will certainly be completed by some of the end on 2010. Available for more awareness about Flexispy and this free version click this site. Other compared to Flexispy there are certainly no other liberate packages obtainable. The nearest thing to turning into a free package is literally through mobile-spy. This network offers your free 8 day experiment so though you might acquire some the understanding you need to in by which time next you save your own from salary a dollar.
I want to guess the next question is likely to be "OK, then the best does traveling spy succeed?" Well, it affords you concept that the customer couldn't access in one. For example, you is going to read each of our content out of the txt messages of all the laser target phone, see the people like and figures of that people a the handset has ended up being in speak to with, and / or maybe even come across the end user carrying all phone from an online map, directly down to the type of street and number. Over that sense, mobile criminal can undoubtedly let your company know higher about that spouse or your small children.Warren cell biology, and registering for discussion sections. Which college degrees give you the best chances of finding employment after graduation? Qualifications for nursing programs vary widely. Learn about the various medical specializations available within technical training programs. Concentrating on Warren County Community College cell biology, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the cellular respiration department for course registration deadlines, and cellular biology Benedictine University food science as a complementary elective to your primary course of study.
Certified Medical Assistant (CMA)
Beacon Occupational Health and Safety
This is clinical role in a family practice and urgent care clinic responsible for supporting providers in delivering quality health care to patients.
4 hours ago Unit Secretary/CNA- Orthopedic Unit- Full Time Nights
Timpanogos Regional Hospital
Certified Nursing Assistant /Unit Secretary. Successful completion of a Nursing Assistant training program..
5 hours ago Operating Room Travel Nurse (RN) (OR Jimmy C, Apr 1, 2008.
1. Bullpen could not hold a lead
2. Late Game (6th - 9th inning) defensive Lapse
3. Global Warming
All of the above, and oh yeah my Rangers just are not going to be very good.
You forgot to add option #4:
Because they are the Rangers
Pastor
I did consider offering a tradition option - I voted for global warming since we can blame everything else for it!
How 'bout the other team scored more runs?:smilewinkgrin: :saint: :thumbs: :wavey:
That is the 'stock' answer all Aggies give, 'we didn't lose, we got outscored!':laugh: The Rangers are beating Seattle tonight in the 8th 3-1. :thumbs:
As a proud Aggie dad (daughter graduates in MAY!) And of course she is the proudest member of the fightin tx aggie class of 2008! Aggies know we didnt get outscored - nor did the Aggies womens bball team last night - Global Warming got em both!!!
I'm with PastorSBC on this one...and i'll put global warming as a distant second so that Algore can make a few more millions in carbon credits.
Way too simple for an explanation! :laugh:
EdThis project describes Quantum Vacuum Energy Extraction, an undeveloped source of clean, renewable energy via Casimir Cavity Effect principles of quantum physics.
First proposed in 1900 by Max Planck and further developed by Albert Einstein, Zero Point Energy capture was theorized in 1948 by Hendrik Casimir and granted U.S. Patent 7,379,286 in 2008 to Jovion -
(If the above link does not connect, please copy it to your browser's address field.)
A quick explanation of how it functions--
Quantum physics defines everything the size of an atom and smaller.
One of the properties of quantum physics, Zero Point Energy, is roughly defined as--
Zero Point Energy is everywhere.
Even if all matter (solid, liquid, gas and plasma) is extracted from a given volume, and, even if the volume is then cooled to near absolute zero, it still is not empty.
Physicists have found that short lived particles (virtual) pop in and out of existence within the volume, and, that there is energy within the volume as well.
Casimir Cavities explained--
On an everyday large scale, a Casimir Cavity is like a bowl of water on the hood of a parked, idling car in which you float two toothpicks parallel and far apart. The vibrating hood creates long and short waves in the water.
When the toothpicks are far apart, they are not attracted to each other, when they are moved close to each other, they are attracted. Now separate them a bit to where they are still attracted to each other.
The space in-between is like a Casimir Cavity. Only the short waves can enter the cavity, the long waves are excluded.
Now shrink the above to the nano scale and multiply by billions of times.
The flow exclusion of Zero Point Energy long waves generates heat - potentially much more than hydrocarbon sources.
Unlike the cited patent which uses theoretical methodologies, my patent pending technology uses real life off-the-shelf ultra filtration filters for practical application. The scalable technology generates heat and, via thermoelectric conversion, substitutes for micro batteries, city power plants and mobile power generators, negating the need for complicated and vulnerable energy transportation systems.
Thank you,
Charles Rosendorf
Voting
ABOUT THE ENTRANT
Name: Charles Rosendorf
Type of entry: individual
Profession:
Charles is inspired by:
Market and social need.
Software used for this entry:
word processor
Patent status: pendingKevin invited his beloved Mommy Lisa to accompany him on a business trip to Bangkok, assuming he could perhaps mix in a little pleasure betwixt his meetings. Being the naughty boy that he was, Kevin had no idea what sort of pleasures his Mommy Lisa had planned for him,
Upon arrival in Bangkok arrangements had been made to whisk them away to their hotel, and it was a grande one. Only the finest would do for Kevin and his Mommy Lisa, besides it could be written off and charged as a business expense, so the sky was the limit as far as he was concerned. The suite was ornate with a four poster bed, perfect for tying one’s lover to. Plush carpeting, a full bar, and a sitting room. Quaint and charming, for Bangkok standards,
Mommy Lisa was not blinded by her affection for Kevin and could see him for the plonker that he truly was. She saw him masturbating on a pair of his sister’s panties when they visited her before leaving for Bangkok, and was well aware of the fact that he packed them in his shoulder bag for future use. Kevin could be such a filthy dog at times, and it was at these times that she would plan ways to torture him.
Whilst Kevin was at the hotel bar having drinks with a client Mommy Lisa rang up her old friend Madame Soon Li and arranged to have young women sent over, preferably twins. Madame Soon Li assured her that she had just the right girls to suit her needs. Suki and Vee , 19 year old twins would be over within the hour.
Mommy Lisa dressed for the evening, adorning herself in a black lace corsette, fishnet stockings and stilettoes. Making sure to leave her whip and hairbrush close by, she placed her strap on in the top drawer of the night stand.
Kevin arrived back at the hotel to find Mommy Lisa waiting for him in the bed, holding his sister’s panties in her hand. His cock turned to stone. He was exhilarated by the fact that he had been caught. This meant that he would be suffering by his beloved’s hand. He lived for her torture. He was a true masochist in every sense of the word, just as she was a sadist. The Yin to her Yang.
Kneeling down, Kevin planted kisses on her toes. ” Mommy, I was a naughty boy. Can you ever forgive me? Please let me make it up to you, ”
As if on cue, a knock was heard at the door. ” We’ll see, Kevin, ” she answered, before going to answer the door. In the doorway stood two petite , raven haired vixens in thigh boots. Vee and Suki. Upon entering they unfastened their cloaks revealing the black latex cat suits they were adorning underneath. Kevin’s eyes lit up like a child’s on Christmas Morn. Instinctually they each took out a rope from the nightstand and tied Kevin’s wrists to the corners of the bedposts. Their knots were impeccable.
Suki and Vee pulled Kevin to a sitting position in the bed. It was time for him to watch. Kevin had known for some time that Mommy Lisa was quite fond of Frottage with other women , and the thought of it drove him wild. Here, at the end of the bed, Suki, lay her tiny body down, exposing her pink and dripping flower of femininity for Mommy Lisa to take. Mommy Lisa mounted her softly, pressing her clitoris against Suki’s , Vee knelt beside the rubbing and suckling their nipples, as they rubbed and bumped their womanhood together. Rivers flowed from them, Vee began to rub herself, and a trinity of orgasmic delight made Kevin scream out in agony.
One thought on “Humbling a Hard Man”
WOW! Really? Very erotic, my friend! And in a vein i am not fluent in at all! i was spell-bound!I’ve been wanting to track this former mansion down for sometime. When I’ve read about the past incidents in this residence I just truly feel there was a serious lack of TRUE investigation. The holes you can read between all the lines are amazing. It goes to show you, how much behind closed doors, could go unreported back in the day.
Enjoy a quick Vblog:
If you’d like to read more about the mansion their is a decent summary article at: Haunted Standard Mansion.
I think I pretty much summed it up in the vblog. I wish I could have been able to get a peak inside but it was a fun experience seeing something so very well built. This place would have been monstrous back in the day compared to the rest of the town.
JourneywithJax.com COMING SOON!
Please don’t miss a blog! Jaxmenezatwell.com
Need investigative help? AtwellInvestigations.com
Follow me on Twitter and IG: @jaxmenezatwell
and Like my page on Facebook:
Facebook.com/jaxmenezatwell/
Really need to go, looks awesome.
Haunted buildings and their history are really interesting. Charleston, S.C. and Savannah, G.A. have many sites where ghosts have been reported. It’s a shame you weren’t able to get inside to potentially witness or experience some of the paranormal sightings.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Nobody was home or I would have talked my way in! I’m good like that! 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 personDo you let your dog on the couch/bed?
.
My husband lets our dog on the couch, and this really bothers me. We have a baby on the way, and I am especially conscious of germs. When we take our dog out, she’ll pee, and then turn around and step in her pee… not to mention she (obviously, lol) doesn’t wear underwear – meaning her "business end" is right on the couch, likely getting all sorts of wonderful germs on the couch that I’m sure nobody would want their child getting in his or her mouth. I’m fine with having the dog, that isn’t the question, but my husband doesn’t see anything wrong with letting the critter on the couch whereas I see something horribly wrong with it for the sake of our soon-to-be newborn (mind you newborns don’t have much of an immune system at first).
Do you have any suggestions? Any resources or facts about germs animals transfer to furniture or anything like that?
I don’t see much of anything wrong with letting her on the couch/bed unless she tears it up. And don’t worry about the baby. Unless your child has a condition where the slightest germ can make him/her sick, you shouldn’t worry about the dog getting him/her/ sick. 🙂 I work with babies and most of their families have pets and I haven’t heard any stories of the pets getting them sick.
But if you are worried about it, you should ask your doctor and it might be a good idea to consult a vet. and see what they might say about it.
And congratulations!!!
You have nothing to worry about. As far as every day germs go, i see your point. Our vet told me that dogs can’t give humans colds or anything. But to be on the safe side, you can keep your dog off the bed/couch if you are really worried about the germ factor. However, if you want your dog to remain on the couch/bed, you could give her her own bed, or blanket to put on these surfaces.
Congrats on the baby!
i let my dogs on the couch and my bed, but there isnt any young childer in my home so its not a prob for my family.
i would suggest you start training your dog to stay off the couch soon tho
Good Luck:)
Yes, my dog is allowed on our couch and my bed. I don’t believe they transfer germs.
Yes, all my pets are allowed on the beds/couches. They are a big part of my home and family.. so of course they are allowed on there!.
The baby is going to be in a crib or basinett anyways.. why does it matter if the dogs are on the couch/bed?
I have a maltese and she sleeps on the bed with me.. But if she is a big dog, and she is walking in her urine, i would say there are chances she can get infected. Go to your vet every few months to have check-ups. If they find worms, keep her quarantined away from the baby, and clean her messes.
You could wipe her feet when she comes in, and we bought a "snuggy" blanket (not a snuggy, an actual blanket.) from petsmart that matches our living room and she sleeps on that!! hahaha.. oh and having a dog around a baby, reduces their chances of allergies!
no dnt let her up!! germs and shedding will occur. and specially with a baby on the way o no no no!! just suggest it calmly first and then if he says no just get a little more stern everytime you say it. goodluck
You need to talk to your husband. I never let my female dog on the couch nor the bed, because I just want her to know that I have my place and she has hers (which is a pet bed beneath the couch). I also try to avoid dominance problems this way. It’ll be hard to reteach your dog that she is not allowed anymore on the couch, because a habit is hard to break. But you need to reteach her ASAP, because some dogs get jealous of babies.
Edit: Teach her the word "off". Everytime she jumps the couch put her down gently and as her paws touch the floor say "off". She will catch it pretty soon.
Yes my dogs are on the couch and the bed.
If you were really scared of germs might I add the getting pregnant part is not the most sterile of circumstances, talk about germs.
You think dogs have germs, wait til you clean a few diapers from that kid.
This is just an excuse for you to get rid of your husbands dog, I suggest you drop it.
Resources- dog germs are not harmful to children, I would worry more about my dog getting kid germs
Yes. There’s nothing wrong with it. You come into more contact with germs in your kitchen than you do with your dog. Seems to me you’re just being nitpicky about the dog.
Edit
Aduial basically said what I was thinking.
My sis has two baby boys and they turned out fine and the dogs are on the couches a bunch!
Yes I let my dogs up on the bed and couch. It doesn’t bother me. You do realize that you don’t come into contact with any more germs from that then you do anyway. Having a dog on the couch doesn’t mean there are more germs in your house than there are if it was on the floor. So I don’t really see your argument.
No I don’t let my dogs on my couch or my bed. Germs are probably not going to be a major issue. My dogs aren’t allowed on the bed or couch because it’s disrespectful and not polite.
I let my dog on the couch but rarely on the bed. However, if I were expecting a baby, I really would not know what to do. I can understand your concern. That would scare me too.I can’t simply overwrite a file when putting with FTP.
Server response: test.php: Overwrite permission denied
I’ve checked permissions on the directories and the files, but all looks normal.
This is the case on all directories.
Is this the normal setup for Dreamhost, or is this a hiccup?
It’s a hiccup. Which FTP client are you using? Has it ever worked? If all still looks normal, contact Support, this type of an error sometimes occurs due to FTP server configuration, but then it’d be a more widespread issue.
-ScottThe music sometimes sounding like the exorcism of a multitude of demons, each one of whom was mightily resisting his expulsion.
Squandered no matter how hard we try, how mightily we labor for special attention.
He was understanding, he was helpful, he listened to them, and he encouraged them mightily in all their pursuits.
There are also hawks in his own party who would welcome the domestic cuts, but mightily resist the defense ones.
The center that Yachimovich wooed so mightily, and at the cost of alienating long-time leftists, went to Lapid.
The workmen were at the gate to see him off, and were mightily proud of him.
It was a dog, lost from some Indian hunting-party, and mightily glad to see us.
Oh, hungry vigorous Yankee land, so mightily young—eat on, eat on!
He found a waving foot with his right hand; wrenched it mightily.
I labour, striving according to His working, which worketh in me mightily.Whenever any financial worries knock your door 500 fast cash loans are here to help you. The main motive of this loan scheme is to provide assistance and financial support to the people who are in dire need of money. Rather than bouncing checks or running up credit card bills, through this scheme you can get instant cash on same day. You don't need to pay additional fees or interest payments. All you have to do is to pay back the cash on your next payday.
Minimal requirement for 500 fast cash loans :-
• 18 years of age or older
• Us citizen with valid checking or saving account
• Employed at a job with a regular income
• Earn at least $1,000 per month
You have to fulfill only these few conditions and you can get cash easily whenever you need it.
Even the loan process is very fast and simple to complete. All you must do is go online and complete the application form for this loan scheme. After getting approval your first loan is up to 400 dollars and your next can be 500 dollars, and you may even continue to increase the amount by 100 dollars each time. The maximum amount you can get through this scheme is 1000 dollars. Another benefit is that you can get this money directly into your personal checking account on the same day after you have been approved. The cash is deposited electronically so you do not have to worry. The instant cash will just be in your checking account within an hour!
This loan service will provide you another advantage. You can qualify for this scheme even if you have bad credit, because it doesn't perform credit checks. Moreover you will not have to fax any documents for this service. No any collateral needed. This scheme is convenient, fast, easy and free!
500 Fast Cash Loans-Real solution of Your Worries
By: Kenim Wids About the Author Kenim Wids has never let the people feel down from their expectations from him. He tries to give superb advices to the people. For further information about 500 loans , 500 cash loans visit (ArticlesBase SC #3289047) Article Source: - 500 Fast Cash Loans-Real solution of Your Worries
Disclaimer: I feel like my words are not good enough and my pictures don’t make justice to this beautiful place at all; but I guess it’s like that for any travel post!
Calm, time & beauty.
That’s how I would describe Sidi Kaouki in three words; a small seaside village, 20km away from Essaouira, 15 minutes from the airport. I really think it’s hard to find a place like this anywhere else in the world. If you go on vacation to relax or if you have been traveling for a while, it’s really the place to unwind, to breathe.
It’s so calm.
There are only a few hotels, a few restaurants, no ATM or grocery shop; except the shop that sells some chocolate bars, bread and vegetables. There is basically just you, the sound of the waves, the wind, the sun and your thoughts. Oh and the donkeys screaming, sometimes.
There is time.
A lot of it, and it’s good like that. No hustle and bustle. You are far from everything, so you let the sun guide your day. The time Sidi Kaouki gives you is perfect to do some activities you enjoy; going for a walk or run on the beach, doing yoga to a colorful sunrise, drawing or writing.
The beauty of the place is inspiring.
It will make you want to do something creative in some way or just be in awe in front of it. Sidi Kaouki is such a small place that you are completely open to the elements. You see the raw beauty of nature. There is nothing better. The sand, the waves, the sunrises and sunsets (that will blow your mind by the way)… the rain, sometimes. It is nature at its finest and humans are made for nature, not the city, in my opinion. We then can’t help but feel revived, inspired, refreshed by it.
I arrived there in a weird moment of my life. I went with HelpX to work in a hotel for free food and accommodation and I was supposed to stay there a month, but really soon I understood I couldn’t leave just yet. It feels like every breath of the salty and humid air you take is the best breath ever, like every time you go in the sea you feel a bit lighter, that the wind clears your head of grey thoughts and the sunsets fill it up again with dreams in pastel colors. I left the place after 3 months; lighter, regrounded, refreshed and ready for new adventures!
What to do in Sidi Kaouki
Well… not much and too much at the same time! Taking long walks, riding a camel or horse on the beach, taking a bike ride to the waterfall, drinking good coffee in front of the beach at la Trattoria, reading, surfing, running, doing yoga, doing anything creative (trying to draw the sunsets, maybe?), enjoying the sun, watching the stars at night, building sand castles, spending quality time with your friends/family/loved one, enjoying life as it is, writing a book, practicing cartwheels… Anything really, cause like I said, in Sidi Kaouki you have TIME and you fill it with anything you want!
Also, there are a couple of good surf spots in Sidi Kaouki. First, there is the spot at the marabout –that’s where I tried to surf and it’s right next to the surf schools if you also want to learn. Otherwise, there is l’Oued (rivermount), la bouteille, la couronne and la grotte. Ask around to know where they are.
Where to eat
First, there are the kiosques, right in front of the parking lot. They are the cheapest option. At the hotel, we recommended chez Iziki and la Trattoria. But after a while, you will know the menu by heart and will want something new. Then my friend, try Al-Vent, a Spanish-owned restaurant. It’s still pretty cheap and it’s good Moroccan food. Ask them what are the fresh food they have; sometimes it’s fresh fish, but others it can be camel! Why not! Otherwise, the favorite of everyone who went there is La Pergola. It is a bit nicer and slightly more expensive, but still very affordable. It is French-moroccan cuisine and apparently it’s very good (I know… in 3 months I should have been). You can even enjoy your meal with a glass of wine.
Tip: if you want alcohol in Sidi Kaouki, the best way is to buy some in the cities before coming there. It could be hard to find/expensive/not what you would like.
Where to sleep
I recommend the Blue Kaouki Hotel as the best place to stay. That’s where I did my help exchange, so you’re going to tell me that I have a favor, but I swear it’s really amazing! The rooftop especially makes the magic of the place. You have the perfect view of the sunrise in the morning and the sunset at night. It’s also perfect to watch the stars at night under a blanket.
My friend Louis and his mom Veronique–who owns the hotel- are always there to help you and tell you crazy stories about their stay in Morocco. There are surf racks and a line to dry wetsuits. You can watch movies under the cinema tent that makes you feel like if you were in a fort you built as a kid. The breakfast is good and served by smily helpers -like I was
. The rooms are nice, my favorite was the Suite Coquelicot. The employees and animals also make the charm! It’s really worth the 30-something euros you can pay for a room!
CAUTION: Sidi Kaouki is highly addictive. People tend to go back again and again.
CAUTION no2: Kaouki will change FOR SURE in the next few years. It’s so perfect that I’m sure business people will start to invest and build things… Go while it’s still pretty much intact!Thom Browne Classic Long-Wing Brogue Loafers • Retail $1,020
Retail price: $1,020
UAL Price: $306 70% off!
- Thom Browne Classic Brogues
- 'Pebble grain' leather long-wing brogues in black
- Round toe. Tonal lace-up closure.
- Tricolor grosgrain pull-loop at heel collar
- Leather upper,sole, & outsole
- Tonal stitching
Made in Italy
Material: Leather upper, lining & outsoles
Style: Long Wing Brogue
Color: Black
Comes in white shoe
Sold Out
Alaïa Studded Leather Laser Cut Belt • Retail $2,580
Sale price $38000 $380.00
Regular price
$54200
$542.00
Save $162By John Gruber
Enterprise-class Mac hosting infrastructure on genuine Apple hardware. Learn more.
Jordan Pearson and Justin Ling, reporting for Motherboard:.”
And:.”
You don’t say.
★ Thursday, 14 April 2016Reach your kids to teach your kids!
How to create a better student
Advertisements
Reach your kids to teach your kids!
A new study suggests that an app for iPads/tablets can be used to increase child vocabulary growth with adult assistance
A look into what leaves you thinking you could have predicted a past event: hindsight bias.
Babies become agitatedget upset when you leave the room because they haven't developed object permanence
Rewarding your toddler for good behavior is a more effective alternative to spanking.
Recent research suggests practicing mindfulness can lead to happier mothers and children.
The Spotlight Effect proves that people don’t pay as close attention to you as you think.
Have you ever wondered what motivates us to start working out?
How children learn to judge people
Early spanking can lead to negative behaviors in children.So recently I “had to” add some new social networks to my growing list of accounts (e.g. this one) and it again started to annoy me quite a bit.
So what is wrong?
Basically I think it’s the fact that all those social networks out there (or at least most) are very much walled gardens. They surely give me all sorts of interaction possibilities with my friends and contacts but it’s all happening just on their site.
They model my social graph for me but it’s hidden on their site.
The let my friends send me messages but those are hidden on their site (although we have a quite well working messaging system called email. Why not at least include the message body in that email).
The let me write applications for their site but they again are hidden on their site and not portable anyway (might change with OpenSocial).
The have all my data but it’s hidden on their site.
So all of this is sort of annoying me plus the fact that nearly none of those sites utilize useful things like OpenID (IIRC some Ning representative at the AlwaysOn conference said that users don’t want OpenID. Hello?)
So what is the future here? I think I am getting more and more lazy with each new social network which wants my data. I might not try to find my friends anymore, I might not try to interact much with it beside that what might be very much useful for me.
I might not even respond to messages anymore because I might happen to have forgotten my password for this one and I am too lazy to go through that email process (which email was it again? Which was actually my account name?!?)
As long as you are not the top ten of those sites that’s probably bad for you.
So social networks need to open up. They need to give me my data back and might subscribe to my already existing data like my social graph which might be stored where I like it. That way those networks will get much more useful data.
One problem is of course also the advertising model most of the sites use. This of course is a main driving force for walled gardens. So it might be interesting to see if the open source community will come up with something better. There are already good attempts like NoseRub or even OpenID (maybe not open source but open standards).
Then there are also attempts on making virtual worlds more interoperable and from what I see so far esp. in the Second Life Grid Architecture Working Group is also promising for social networks in general. They think ahead of how to define identity in a more global way. Of course we have to see how much is left when the protocols are finished and of course many of the existing virtual worlds (actually all) are also walled gardens. But maybe there is hope 🙂
So what do you think about the future of social networks regarding openness? Will you have a future where virtual worlds will be part of that and where you have to define an avatar additionally to friends, groups and profile on every single website you want to visit or do you think you can reuse existing information and actually control it?
Tags: socialnetworks, web2.0, openid, standards, open, open, open, rant
You already mentioned NoseRub and I strongly believe in that approach: the user controls and defines his/her social network – if they want, on their own servers and they only allow service providers like flickr (providing image storage) and youtube (providing video storage) to access this social network.
But the user is the center of all that and ot the dozens of social networks out there which main feature is the social network itself: who knows whom. Nobody needs that at more than one place and mostly I want to have control over it.
I attended your talk at Barcamp Cologne only partly and only partly looked at NoseRub itself (is the protocol itself actually documented somewhere) but from what I saw it looked very promising.
Of course it cannot solve all the problems because after all those services are walled gardens mostly. So I’d like to see some standard for messaging, for authentication, for managing my friends list and so on.
Where NoseRub is good in reading and keeping stuff up to date I’d also would like something which actually can write to these services (e.g. push my most recent social graph to them). And having a social graph in a central place would of course also help services like NoseRub to automate more stuff.
BTW, will you be at the Barcamp Berlin?
Yes, I will be at BarCamp Berlin and will do a session about NoseRub.
Unfortuanetly, there is currenty no written “protocol”. I hope we can fix this real soon, so that people could write their NoseRub services in Ruby, Perl, Pyth, etc..
I think that pushing your social graph to a plattform would not be neccessary. Flickr does not need to know, that A and B are contacts. You need to know that and the privacy mechanism needs to know that, so A can determine, wether B should be able to access his/her photos.
This would be the ultimate goal.Another 14th August is around the corner. Pakistan turns sixty-four years old.
Celebrations? Sure.
Five killed in Sindh. Vehicles set on fire on in Karachi. One person burned alive. Sarfraz Shah’s ‘murderer’ sentenced.
Torrential rains, with threat of flooding in lower Punjab and Sindh, killing many in latter province.
Some more robberies. A bomb hoax and a kidnapping. Another blast. Attack on a military cantonment. A few more target killings. Someone protests over something.
These are just some of the news in today’s papers from all over the country. A dismal state indeed.
This is independence and freedom?
Nope! It’s the ‘elites’ having a life-long ball at the expense of everyone else. It’s ‘insurgents’ killing people they consider unfit. It’s terrorists making people afraid of their own shadows. It’s government officials filling up their own private coffers. All of these people are ‘independent’ to do as they wish.
But we really don’t need another article highlighting all this. The media has this area covered, I would say. Complaining and blaming will not take us anywhere. If it had to, it would already have done so.
What we need is a revolution.
Sadly, we have already been pumped full of ‘anesthesia’ for it to take a mere suicide or an act of police brutality for us to come out of the rocks we have been living under. Such statements always bring a sarcastic reaction from all of us. Steeped in our apathy and sarcasm and criticism, we tend to think about giving up. And we just go on…
But I am not giving up. I am not going to give up.
It is just a matter of time. And a matter of finding the right catalyst.
Tomorrow morning, I am still proudly going to wear my green jora and the badge sporting my flag and watch all the special transmissions on TV and hope to God that nothing untoward occurs and pray for Pakistan to get well soon.
This might all I be able to do right now but this is how I show all those people who try to convince us that all this is proof that Pakistan is a failed state and should not have been ‘made’ and blah blah blah. It might not be much but it’s way more than sitting at home and complaining.
I’m not giving up. You’re welcome to join the bandwagon.
Pakistan Zindabad!Im it to our children and our children will teach it to theirs.” Rasul Allah (sal Allahu alaihi wasallam) said: “Woe to you! I thought you were one of the most learned men of Medinah. Can’t you see the Jews and Christians are not benefiting even though they have their scriptures (Torah and Injeel) right with them?”
This hadith makes clear that if there is no application of the Quran, its recitation becomes useless. If we know what the Quran contains but don’t apply it, we become like donkeys carrying books as our burdens, not benefitting from our loads.
How did the Sahabah study the Quran? If we take the example of Abdullah ibn Umar (radi Allahu anhu), it took him 14 years to finish memorizing Surah Baqarah. He was so happy after he completed memorizing it that he slaughtered a camel and invited all the people to come celebrate with him.
Abdullah ibn Umar (radi Allahu anhu) was a companion of Rasul Allah (sal Allahu alaihi wa sallam) and the Quran was revealed in his own language. Abdullah ibn Umar (radiAllahu anhu) was also an eminent scholar. Then how is it that he took 14 years to memorize what is done nowadays by Muslims in a matter of months?
This is because the way that the Sahabah would study the Quran is that they would take ten ayaat at a time only. They would study these ten ayaat, study the eemaan, the ilm, the halal and the haram in these ayaat. They would memorize the ayaat and apply its rulings to their lives. They would not move onto the next ten ayaat until they had brought their lives into compliance with the first ten. The Quran thus became alive and second nature to them, its knowledge was not wasted and lost.
dailyhadith.adaptivesolutionsinc.comAnkara troubled overflowguiding the movers transportation sector Akdogan who can no longer shift a lot easier and a lot quicker. Our cars transfer renewed with evolving technologies and our professional team with all your property or your enterprise as quickly delivered to you by positioning your new residing space.
Now place your private home safely and securely handling without the need of tiredness to anxiety our valued customers.
We feature the deal with specified around the working day you intend your home with professional personnel. We Akdogan also offers seamless service to our valued prospects in transportation.
Substantial floors, residences, transportation of Business office is more difficult, as you are aware of our valued consumers.
The fact that the slender staircase for the remaining discipline gap, can hurt your belongings and would make harder the transfer system. With human electricity, you or those all over you realize regarding your transfer to increased floors have lived in what on earth is so tough With this enterprise.
Carry as an expert removals enterprise in the home with our instruments that We've introduced migration from abroad and our seasoned team ensure we make with negligible injury.
We retain consumer pleasure Associates will allow you to to more info operate throughout the go that we undertake as being a priority inside our lives and homes from potential hurt all through transportation nevertheless serves the insurance plan your Workplace home furniture.
Ankara insured shipping and delivery locations while in the Transportation prices appeal to awareness among the companies that generate the marketplace and find out in the event you, our valued client, we are certainly joyful.
If you wish to securely transportation your business with a company expertise by means of our cost-free assistance, simply Get in touch with us. It is a tricky phase that you should appreciate. Simply because Functioning as movers available in the market, but that doesn't assurance you and the corporation are offered on the running Price.
Choices will have to transfer Using the ease of the residing hearts if it is on our side. Ankara transportation business within the removals, very first measure taken in your wishes. You specify the way in which you would like to address the placement procedure is done.
Ankara Transport packaging services functions are Amongst the most beneficial Qualified staff members. Packaging is the 1st phase while in the transport procedure is really a step that should be incredibly thorough.
Your products will likely be a lot more harm if you can see it's not packaged effectively. We parcels while in the packaging method, the foam materials we use petgraft, the carpenter who accompanied disassembled furniture, we packaged to circumvent problems.
It set up inside your new life, and we put the exact same care. Akdogan inner town who desire a house removing, no matter if we perform with fantastic perseverance and beautiful value your lengthy-length transport operations.AUSTRALIAN Warehouse Solutions (AWS) has purchased a full production line of dunnage bags and developed a new bag. The production line gives them a manufacturing capacity for Australia and all of South East Asia.
Dunnage bags are a heavy duty inflatable plastic bag which is covered by multiple layers of Kraft paper. The bags stop containerised cargo moving in transit, helping to prevent damage.
AWS’ new equipment allows them to manufacture a large range of sizes and plys to meet dunnage bag international standards. This production line is located in their Sydney complex, allowing greater stock holdings and enabling faster deliveries. Good stocks are also held at Brisbane, Melbourne and Adelaide warehouses.
The new Rhino Tuff dunnage bags have a new fast fill valve enabling 300% faster filling of less than 20 seconds per bag. The bags are available either one way or reusable. With an improved double seal and multi-layer liner they are also 200% stronger and more puncture resistant.
AWS is also the leading manufacturer of clay based desiccant in Australia. We provide the majority of Australian exporters with cost effective moisture control solutions with MBD 99 clay desiccant and silica gel.
AWS recently released a new "hanging" bag designed specifically to be easily hung in containers.Recent News
Exposure of gender pay gaps at UK law firms to become law
8th March 2016
The government is looking to change mandatory reporting requirements for businesses and this will reveal gender pay gaps at leading law firms in the UK.
The regulations, which are planned to be in place before April 2018, will include partner pay in the calculations and for firms that employ more than 250 people, this will mean highlighting any pay gaps between lawyer and legal jobs held by women and men.
After initially being announced by David Cameron in 2015 it was thought that members in limited liability partnerships would not be asked to reveal their pay, but the consultation document that was published on 12th February this year has now revealed that in fact it will be included in the law.
The new laws will require employers to publish their overall mean and median gender pay gaps and the results will be used to compare national and international figures.
Speaking to the Law Society Gazette, Karen Baxter, an employment partner at Lewis Silkin, said, “Given the historic gender inequality at the highest levels of the profession, this is likely to have a significant negative impact on the gender pay gap figures that these firms will have to supply.
“If they do indeed expand the scope of the regulations in this way, it has very significant implications for firms which do not employ their staff in a separate services company (i.e. for firms where both employees and partners/members are engaged by the LLP).”
According to recent studies there are only around 20 percent of women who are partners at the top 20 law firms, and this is something that the government is looking to address with Nicky Morgan, Secretary of State for Education and Minister for Women and Equalities, adding “tackling the gender pay gap is an absolute priority for this government”.Description
Transform your shower or bath into a cleansing ritual; focus the mind and calm the senses. One of the ultimate healing herbs, lavender delivers the exuberance of fields of fragrant purple flower spikes warming in the hot yellow sun.
Ingredients:
Non-GMO Food Grade Oils of Sustainable Palm and Coconut, Water, Sodium Hydroxide*, Glycerine, Fragrance Blend with Natural Plant Extracts and Essential Oils, Mineral Pigment
(Paraben-Free, Phthalate-Free, SLS-Free, Detergent-Free, Vegan, Cruelty-Free, Gluten-Free)
*Used to make true soap; none remains in fully saponified and superfatted soap bar
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Wohnzimmer Eiche Rustik Wohnzimmer Eiche Rustikal with the image resolution are equal to in your personal computer.
You can see the picture in a gallery other similar with earlier navigate using the image and the next image that will help in you in venturing website. The picture the thing is that in the public domain and in our website will be the same, so you will have not any trouble finding pictures is.
This image is one of the existing images in the Wohnzimmer Eiche Rustikal, we provide other similar images in a single post, which means this will allow a user in search of a desired picture.Tell us about your litigation support needs or just say hello. Whether you’ve got a big client or need some service on a project, we are here to support you. From beginning to end, let us help and inspire you.
After Hours
(312) 263-0052 and follow prompts
Scheduling Dept
Local calls: (312) 263-0052
Toll-Free: (800) 622-6755
Scheduling: schedule@mcdeps.com
Out of State:
- (312) 516-3722
- jcozzi@mcdeps.com
Video Dept
Legal Video and Videoconferencing: (800) 832-1212
Production Department: production@mcdeps.com
Repository: info@mcdeps.com
Jim Gorski:
- Mobile: (312) 907-4555
- Technical Support: jim@mcdeps.com
Production Dept
Technical Support: (312) 516-3743
Production Department: production@mcdeps.com
Repository: info@mcdeps.com
Billing Dept
Billing: (312) 516-6730
Billing: billing@mcdeps.com
McCorkle Litigation Services
200 N. LaSalle Street, Suite 2900
Chicago, IL 60601 Phone: 1.800.622.6755- Description
- Delivery
WHAT THE!
Yes we know, what is a Valiant page doing on our website that specialises in 4WD suspension?!
The Rancho RS5000 has consistently been the world's best-selling aftermarket, performance.
7. 240-hour salt spray-resistant finish: Superior protection. Because you know what salt does to poorly-protected steel.
8. Disc-type piston bleed and coaxial pin and slider base valve: For increased sensitivity to rapid changes in terrain, and for precise compression damping..Uk Kitchen Knives involve some pictures that related one another. Find out the newest pictures of Uk Kitchen Knives here, and also you can get the picture here simply. Uk Kitchen Knives picture placed ang submitted by Admin that kept in our collection.
Uk Kitchen Knives have a graphic associated with the other.
Uk Kitchen Knives In addition, it will include a picture of a kind that might be seen in the gallery of Uk Kitchen Knives. The collection that comprising chosen picture and the best amongst others.
They are so many great picture list that could become your enthusiasm and informational purpose ofUk Kitchen KnivesUk Kitchen Knives picture. We provide image Uk Kitchen Knives offered. The assortment of images Uk Kitchen Knives outdoor home, to have the ability to see immediately, you may use the category navigation or maybe it is using a random post of Uk Kitchen Knives.
We hope you love and find one in our best assortment of pictures and get motivated to decorate your residence.
If the hyperlink is busted or the image not entirely onUk Kitchen Knivesyou can contact us to get pictures that look for We offer imageUk Kitchen Knives :
penn state its help desk
pen stands desk
open office desk
affordable desk
ethan allen emily desk
service desk on demand
desk flip emoticon
desk cartoon
quality desk
furniture office desk
treadmill desk study
nurses desk
ucsf it service desk
desk & chair set
melamine desk
loft beds with desks and storage
computer desk mat
kids craft desk
how to build a computer desk from scratch
darth vader desk tidy
desk top file
treadmill desk hack
in wall desk
a clean desk is a sign of a sick mind
motorola desk mic
best desk mount monitor arm
desk and file cabinet
diy home office desk ideas
meijer service deskDuring Christmas season, the popular cake/ bread that is ordered from bakeries in Sri Lanka is the breuder. This is a speciality of the Burgher cuisine of Sri Lanka. I had been trying for some time to find someone to contribute a home-made recipe of this delicious bread. I was delighted to finally come across another blogger and invited him to share his family recipe on this blog as well. Here is the guest post of Paul van Reyk, from My Buth Kuddeh food site, with his introduction to his family tradition of baking breuder and his recipe. Wishing you all a merry Christmas!
No Christmas at our house in Sri Lanka was complete without my grandmother’s breuder. It’s basically a cakey bread, based on a yeasted dough but with the sweetness of a sponge cake, related to Italian pannetone. It’s a direct entry into Sri Lanka cuisine via the Dutch Broodtulband named for the fluted ‘turban’ shaped mould used to make it. Further embedding the Dutch connection, brueder is traditionally eaten in Sri Lankan Burgher households in slices covered in butter and topped with a thick slice of Edam cheese. There is something very festive about that red waxy ball which sliced open reveals a pale European sun yellow cheese. Making the breuder, I am transported back to the kitchen of my childhood, watching my grandmother knead the dough, having the thrill of buttering the mould and pressing sultanas against the sides anxious that they stay in place, full of expectation as it was taken to my uncles house across the road as we didn’t have an oven, and then the excitement of un-moulding this magical transformation of so few ingredients hoping desperately that it comes away cleanly. The smile on grannie’s face when it does was more rewarding almost than the first bite into its soft, crumby heart.
Breuder
Ingredients:
- 500gms plain flour
- 50 gms butter
- baker’s yeast
- 1 tsp sugar
- water
- 6 egg yolks
- 250 gms caster sugar
- 125 gms currants or sultanas or raisins or a mixture of them
Method:
- Make the dough the night before. Take as much yeast as is recommended for your particular yeast for making bread with 500 gms of flour (it can vary so read the packet or ask when you buy it), add the yeast and the sugar to a little hot water to get the yeast started. It will froth slightly. When it’s bubbling happily, add this to the flour and mix in well. Now slowly add water and keep mixing until you have a lump of dough that lifts easily out of the bowl or off the board. Knead it for 10 minutes or so. Put it in a bowl, cover the bowl with a damp tea-towel and leave it in a warm place to rise overnight.
- The next day, take the dough and add to it the butter, egg yolks and sugar. Add the first three yolks separately and mix in well each time. Then add the others also one at a time alternating with dollops of the caster sugar till it is all used up. What you will have now is a very thick wet doughy batter.
- Butter a turban mould. Put a good sprinkle of whatever dried fruit you are using on the bottom. Squish some dried fruit against the sides of the mould, too. Pour in the batter. Sprinkle more of the dried fruit on top of the batter. If you like, and I do, you can mix some dried fruits into the batter, too.
- Leave this in a warm place, the mould covered with a damp cloth, for 1 or 2 hours until it rises again (it won’t rise as much as the dough did overnight).
- Meanwhile, pre-heat your oven to very hot – around 220C.
- When the dough has risen the second time, put the mould in the oven and bake for 30 minutes. Check at that stage that the breuder is cooked by poking a bamboo skewer or similar into the dough. If it comes out clean, your breuder is ready. If it doesn’t, give the breuder 10 – 15 minutes more.
Tip: Putting some baking/greaseproof/brown paper on the top will reduce the likelihood of the dried fruit burning.
- When it’s cooked, take it out of the oven and leave it to cool in the mould. You should then be able to give the mould a good thump and have the brooder come cleanly out of it.
Resist all temptation to ice or otherwise muck around with the breuder! Just slice it up and have some butter and Edam or cheddar cheese to have it with. But you are allowed to make summer pudding with the left over breuder if you like, or indeed any of those bread pudding dishes.
Recipe source: Paul van ReykQuick Steps To Remove ads by Games Supreme
Browsers infected by ads by Games Supreme
ads by Games Supreme Deletion Report For Compromised Operating System & Firefox
All You Need To Know About ads by Games Supreme
ads by Games Supreme Games Supreme should be removed Successfully from your Operating System.
Deceptive Techniques Used To Spread ads by Games Supreme
ads by Games Supreme ads by Games Supreme. If an advertisement looks too good to be true, but you should ignore it because it might infect your PC with such destructive viruses.
What are the issues caused by ads by Games Supreme? Games Supreme can also infect the machine with additional viruses or may try to connect the affected Windows 7 into the botnet and then uses it for the spam distribution.
Refrences
Download ads by Games Supreme Free Scanner [Click Here..]
Uninstall ads by Games Supreme Successfully From Infected Windows PC & Browsers
Technique I: Solution To Do Away With ads by Games Supreme After Starting Operating System in Safe Mode
Technique II: Deleting ads by Games Supreme Related Unwanted Applications From Control Panel
Technique III: Solution To Do Away With Malicious Processes of ads by Games Supreme From Task Manager
Technique IV: ads by Games Supreme Deletion Report For Affected Firefox
Technique V: Solution To Uninstall Harmful Entries of ads by Games Supreme From Registry Editor
Technique VI: Solution To Reset Firefox Settings For Complete Deletion of ads by Games Supreme
Technique I: Solution To Uninstall ads by Games Supreme ads by Games Supreme ads by Games Supreme and its associated components and Do Away With it as early as possible.
Technique II: Deleting ads by Games Supreme Related Unwanted Applications From Control Panel
Click on “Start” button and go to “Control Panel” menu.
Under the “Program” category, tap on “Uninstall a Program” option.
Select and right-click on ads by Games Supreme and then click “Uninstall” option.
Technique III: Solution To Do Away With Malicious Processes of ads by Games Supreme From Task Manager
Press “Alt + Ctrl + Del” keys simultaneously on your keyboard to open “Task Manager”.
Choose “Task Manager” option from the appeared screen and click on “Processes” tab.
Select malicious processes of ads by Games Supreme and tap on “End Process” button.
Technique IV: ads by Games Supreme Deletion Report For Affected Firefox
ads by Games Supreme Deletion From Chrome 58.0.3026.0
First of all, open Google Chrome browser.
Click on gear icon placed at the top right corner in order to open Chrome menu.
Select More Tools option and go to Extensions.
Select all unwanted browser extensions including ads by Games Supreme.
Finally, tap on “Trash” icon to Uninstall the malware Tips For from your Chrome browser.
Do Away With ads by Games Supreme From Mozilla Firefox:46.0.1
Launch Mozilla Firefox. Tap on gear icon to open browser menu.
Select “Add-ons” and click on “Extensions” or “Appearance” panel.
Select ads by Games Supreme add-on and tap on “Remove” button.
Deletion of ads by Games Supreme From IE 8:8.00.7600.16385
Open IE and press “Alt + T” button to open the “Tools” menu.
Choose Manage Add-ons option and tap on “Toolbars and Extensions” tab.
Here, you can find ads by Games Supreme related malicious add-ons.
After selecting unwanted extensions, click on “Disable” button.
Technique V: Solution To Uninstall Harmful Entries of ads by Games Supreme From Registry Editor
Open Run window by pressing “Win + R” buttons together.
Type “regedit” and hit “Enter” button.
- Find and Uninstall all harmful registry entries of ads by Games Supreme Successfully .
HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINESYSTEMCurrentControlSetServicesWpm
HKEY_CURRENT_USERSoftwareMicrosoftInternet ExplorerMain “Default_Page_URL”
HKEY_LOCAL_Machine\Software\Classes\[ads by Games Supreme]
HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run “.exe”
HKCU\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Internet Settings\random
Technique VI: Solution To Reset Firefox Settings For Complete Deletion of ads by Games Supreme
Do Away With ads by Games Supreme ads by Games Supreme.
Deletion of ads by Games Supreme<<
- ads by Games Supreme will be eliminated Successfully from your Mozilla Firefox:46.0.1 after successful resetting.
Reset IE 8:8.00.7600.16385 To Uninstall ads by Games Supreme Deletion of ads by Games Supreme after resetting the browser.I want to get the Treo 600 now but I am afraid that I would have to choose Sprint if I get it now. Which is better service Sprint or others like GSM service providers. I know it might not be the right forum to post it but any help would be appreciated. I always hear people complaining about Sprint.This morning I found myself in a situation where I would need to change one simple line/word in about 150 files.
I could have done this with notepad… but doing it 150 times? I really don’t think so!
Yes, there are tools for this… but where’s the fun in a tool when you can do it with PowerShell?
Get-ChildItem C:\vApps *.osd -recurse | Foreach-Object { $c = ($_ | Get-Content) $c = $c -replace ‘<SCRIPT TIMING="PRE"/’,'<SCRIPT TIMING="POST"/’ [IO.File]::WriteAllText($_.FullName, ($c -join "
rn")) }
This script will recursively replace “<SCRIPT TIMING="PRE"” with “<SCRIPT TIMING="POST"” in all files with the OSD extension in the folder C:\vApps.:
- Alexithymia and Attachment Style
- Affective Deprivation Disorder by Maxine Aston
- Affective Deprivation Disorder: Does It Constitute A Relational Disorder by Harriet F. Simons Ph.D and Jason R. Thompson
- Marriage with Asperger’s Syndrome: 14 Practical Strategies (this is actually very enlightening and validating as well particularly if you think that your partner may have an ASD)?
180 thoughts on “Affective Deprivation Disorder and Alexithymia in Marriage”.I worked with consulting firm Adaptive Path as a freelance consultant, on two phases of a project to update a complex web application.
In the first phase, I performed an audit of a web application for their client. A content audit is one of the foundation steps in Adaptive Path's redesign process; however, at the time they did not have a standard process for auditing a web application, rather than a more conventional content-centric web site.
My role included devising and documenting an approach for this task. This included rapidly exploring the application's functionality, then creating a system to meaningfully categorize the application pages. Deliverables for the first phase of work consisted of a content map, and a short paper describing my approach.
In the second phase, I worked with a team of interaction designers to prepare wireframes for the updated application.
The following illustration shows a small section of the content map:
The following is a sample Visio wireframe created for this project:
Further documentation from this project can be presented on request.
Return to JAF PortfolioDavid Moyes has had to endure a season of struggle since taking over the helm at Manchester United following Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement. However, this weekend's defeat to arch-rivals Liverpool was perhaps the lowest point for him and his players this season.
Liverpool quite simply outclassed United all over the pitch. They played with much more confidence, pace and skill whilst United lacked creativity or desire.
The final 3-0 scoreline could have been far worse and such humiliation in their own back yard would have been unthinkable under Ferguson's reign. This season it is not necessarily a surprise.
Now United must pick themselves up as they face a crucial week which could go a long way to deciding the fate of David Moyes as their manager. United face a crucial second leg Champions League game against Greek side Olympiakos where they need to overturn a shock 2-0 first leg defeat.
Then, next Monday, United face Manchester rivals City in a game that could highlight the now big difference between the two teams. United and Moyes surely need to not only improve their performances but will also need to win at least one of these games.
In a week's time could we see Moyes on the verge of being sacked if results do not go his way in these big games?
United have been very patient this season, as have their supporters, but you have to wonder how far they are willing to see their decline continue under Moyes especially when they look at their main rivals, City and Liverpool, and see the great strides that these two clubs are making at the moment.
United have very little hope of success this season. The only silverware on offer is the Champions League but even if they can overturn their first leg defeat in Greece it is highly unlikely that they will be able to progress to the final given their current form.
Moyes, at the very least, will hope for an improvement in performances during the next week and United's supporters will want to see signs that will give them hope for the future. If not we could well be seeing the end of what will be a very short reign as United manager for Moyes.
Another humiliation at Old Trafford could prove too much for everyone connected- "'….
- "The is.
- "Some people love this kind of aggregation. Good for them. I, however, am human and my eyes glaze over when trying to comprehend a chronological stream of equally-weighted events, a format only robots could love. This is rubbish… There must be better ways of showing such “here’s what I’m up to” information." Phil talks about some problems he's been trying to solve with dashboard displays.
- … In these early days though, before everyone in it knows everything, it’s an explorer’s paradise. That’s why I play MMOs." A nice, thoughtful article from a first look at WotLK from Alec Meer
- "Wow. Ever get the feeling you've been thrown for a loop? I did just that, when I worked out that GSW commenter and erudite game blogger, PixelVixen707, appears to be not just a smart game blogger, but a fictitious front for some kind of damn weird ARG/online story."."
- "At the start it seemed reasonable to think that Mirror's Edge could stand entirely on the merits of its brilliant core concept, and not need to include extraneous and negligibly attractive features to appeal to as many people as possible. But, no, this is the video game business.".20 Great Movie Villains You Won't Find On Most 'Greatest Movie Villains' ListsI've been perusing several 'Greatest Movie Villains' lists over the past week after watching Heath Ledger's sensational portrayal of the Joker in Christopher Nolan's "The Dark Knight" for about the 17th time. It made me curious to see where Ledger's Joker ranks among the other movie villains (he's usually in the top 10 on most lists). Every list produced the usual suspects (no pun intended) when it came to movie villains: Anthony Hopkins' Hannibal Lecter, Kevin Spacey's John Doe from "Seven", Terence Stamp's brilliant General Zod from "Superman II", Alan Rickman's Hans Gruber, Keyser Söze, Freddy Kreuger, Jason, etc, etc.:
To say that a Steve Seagal film sucks is to confuse a Steven Seagal film with anything other than a vehicle for Seagal to beat and/or shoot the shit out of any bad guys who come up against him (with the aforementioned bad guys rarely ever landing a punch and/or eschewing the use of their guns in order to engage in hand-to-hand combat). That's the case in "Marked for Death", Seagal's third film. The film does feature a standout performance by NYU grad Basil Wallace who plays Jamaican drug kingpin Screwface with sinister intensity. When Seagal kicks the shit out of one of Screwface's men then threatens more ass kicking if he doesn't tell him where Screwface is, the man replies, "Screwface kill me a thousand deaths worse than you. Go find him your *bleeping* self!" then proceeds to jump out of a window of a very tall building. That.
With all due respect to Jon Polito's portrayal of mob boss Johnny Caspar, it's J.E. Freeman's Eddie Dane who's the real badass in this great Coen Brothers gangster film. When he asks a wounded hitman (courtesy of Dane) where a rival mob boss is hiding out, the hitman asks him, "If I tell you, how do I know you won't kill me?" to which Dane responds, "Because if you told me and I killed you and you were lying I wouldn't get to kill you *then*." That's a badass dude.
Great actors make great villains and Gian Maria Volonté, one of Italy's most celebrated actors, does not disappoint in Sergio Leone's "For A Few Dollars More". Volonté's portrayal of the brutal desperado El Indio was preceded by playing a similar villain, Ramón Rojo, in Leone's previous "Spaghetti Western" "A Fistful of Dollars" in 1964. One of the qualities of a great villain is that they're often troubled souls who can actually be likable at times - that Volonté, with a steely gaze that rivaled his co-star Clint Eastwood, pulls this off despite being dubbed in English showed he was not just a badass villain but a badass actor.
You think you've seen Christopher Walken at his creepiest? True Romance, King of New York, The Prophecy, The Addiction? Forget it. Pete Travers of Rolling Stone calls Walken's portrayal of The Man with the Plan, the self-loathing quadriplegic who runs Denver's crime scene, "Christopher Walken at his spookiest, which is saying something." Indeed it is. With lines like, "One day you're saving the rainforest, the next you're chugging cock" and "I'm a criminal; my word don't mean dick!", Walken makes a tepid crime drama featuring a smooth performance by Andy Garcia and a killer performance by Treat Williams (maybe his best?) a little hotter.
Gotta have at least one cartoon villain on my list, right? That would be Hades from Disney's "Hercules". James Woods easily steals the film in what Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly called "an inspired piece of deadpan vaudeville". Playing Hades with "diabolical glee" (Roger Ebert), Woods creates "the most vibrant Disney creation since Robin Williams' Genie" wrote film critic James Berardinelli. The film, which features one of the weaker Disney heroes in the tepid Hercules (voiced by Tate Donovan), is worth watching on Woods' sinister performance alone.
With over a hundred films to his credit, two Academy Awards and six nominations, few actors are better than Michael Caine; and few possess more range. In Neil Jordan's romantic thriller "Mona Lisa", Caine plays Mortwell, a sinister and dangerous vice king of the London underground. It's to Caine's credit that Mortwell projects menace with chilling subtlety; as Roger Ebert put it, "he plays the character without apology and without exaggeration, as a businessman. That's why Mortwell is so creepy." Oh, and the film, which also stars a terrific Bob Hoskins and a stunning Cathy Tyson is excellent.
In a role actually shared by Nicolas Cage and (mostly) John Travolta, Castor Troy is a loose-cannon killer (Cage) who switches places (faces) with an FBI agent (Travolta) in John Woo's wildly entertaining summer blockbuster "Face/Off". "Mr. Travolta is shockingly good, summoning a slinky, mockingly vicious personality that could be his evil twin" wrote Janet Maslin of The New York Times. Travolta "twinkles with evil" (Stephen Hunter, Washington Post) as Castor, taking devilish glee in his new role as FBI agent, even slipping into bed with the agent's unsuspecting wife(!) while flirting with his daughter(!). It's Travolta at his most badass.
Richard Gere as a murderous sociopathic police officer? Uh, yeah. And not only is our beloved "Pretty Woman" star a rotten cop but "one of the rottenest movie cops in memory" said Janet Maslin, film critic for the New York Times. Gere is totally believable as sergeant Dennis Peck, who comes under investigation by Internal Affairs officer Raymond Avilla (played by Andy Garcia) in Mike Figgis' excellent crime thriller. Need more evidence? Film critic James Berardinelli said of Gere's performance: "he outacts co-star Andy Garcia so forcefully that the latter is often unable to hold his own"(!). If you haven't seen it, see it.
When you can gun down a Korean grocery store owner and his wife, snatch the surveillance camera tape of the crime and then proudly watch it with your homeboys over and over - you're a bad dude. That's the case with O-Dog, played with terrifying realism by Larenz Tate, in The Hughes Brothers' breakthrough inner-city Los Angeles drama "Menace II Society". O-Dog's homeboy Caine, played by Tyrin Turner, descibes him best, "Now O-Dog was the craziest nigga alive. America's nightmare. Young, black, and didn't give a (well, you know the rest, yes?)".
My admiration for Tom Cruise is no secret and it's mainly because of the many risks he takes as an actor. Allow me to introduce as evidence Cruise's portrayal of the chilling hitman Vincent in Michael Mann's gritty crime drama "Collateral". Playing a bad guy for the very first time "Cruise takes his game to a whole new level" says Pete Travers of Rolling Stone. Cruise plays a hitman who makes cab driver Max (played by Jamie Foxx) his unwilling driver as he makes his rounds from hit to hit over the course of one night in Los Angeles. In his comparison of Cruise to two-time Academy Award winner Tom Hanks, Andrew Sarris of the New York Observer put it best: "Mr. Hanks has been overrated as a supposedly subtle character actor just as much as Mr. Cruise has been underrated. For another, Mr. Hanks has never played a role as unabashedly monstrous and menacing as Mr. Cruise's Vincent." Nuff said?GO TO THE NEXT PAGE TO SEE MY TOP 10 UNSUNG MOVIE VILLAINSNot so New Year’s Resolution
Started back at the 5:30 a.m. AIM workouts.
Monday 25th: 10,9,8,7,…1
1 circuit repeated with 10 reps of each exercise, then 9 reps, then 8, etc down to 1 rep trying to increase weight on the way down the reps. There were so many people at this workout that no matter what, I ended up waiting between sets and I had to leave for the bus at rep 2. It was still so tough.
Deadlifts- started with 45lb, ended with 75
bench press- started with 65lb, started and ended with 75 after rep7 but did an 85 at rep4
single arm snatch- started with 20lb but moved to 30lb from 7 rep down
push press- 65lb for 10-7, 75lb 6-end
chair push ups to max avg was 6
Tuesday 26th: 7 rounds of
300 meter sprint outside
20 kettlebell swings 6 x 20lb 1 x 30lb
lat pulldowns to max- I switched each set between 70-80lbs and did 4-11 reps each set
Wednesday 27th: warm up with ab workout
15 x 15 sec sprints! started at 8.5 mph increasing every 2 sprints up to 12.5 mph
Thursday 28th: warm up with abs again
5 rounds 1 min at each station, 1 minute of rest after completing a full round
push press 65lb, last set was 45lb but doubled the reps
box jumps on 12 inch
wall balls 10lb ball
weighted wall sits 10lb plate overhead for 30 sec, in front of chest moving like driving a car for last 30 sec
plyo jumps w/ 90lb
Friday 29th: snow day. went sledding some and did a 30 minute resistance band workout
Saturday 30th got NADA but sitting and watching the ice melt. Too slippery to get out much but not enough to sled.
Sunday- 31st Today we’re heading to my favorite outdoor gym- Pinnacle Mtn right after lunch!!!I'm in the midst of doing a little maintenance on my '96 XL1200C trying to remedy an overflowing carb (original OEM Keihin CV carb). I've dropped out the float, which isn't defective, and need to remove the fuel inlet valve so I can check it out. I'm looking at it and can't figure out how it should come out. Does it screw out, or is it just pressed in the brass boss? FWIW, I figure I'll probably need to replace the valve. I understand there's a rubber coating that wears off over time. I figure after 13 years it's probably toast. Figure I'll replace the fuel line, vacuum line & fuel inlet fitting while I'm at it. Thanks in advance! Ben Stafford, VALast week I went back to December 2003, and told the tale of how City, without poorly manager Keith Alexander, overcame the Stags in a titanic tussle to win 2-1. Two super strikes from Butch and Gainy won us the match, and Keith was by now back in the dugout.
The win in December had seen us ascend to 8th in the table, but by the time the Stags got on a bus to visit our humble abode, we were still in eighth place. We had broken into the top six with wins against the likes of Boston (1-0) and Bury (2-1), but defeat at home to Torquay (3-1) and consecutive home draws with local rivals (Scunthorpe 1-1, Boston 1-1), left us on the edge of the play-off race.
Worse was to come, just two weeks before the Mansfield match we travelled to play-off hopefuls Huddersfield, losing 2-1 to the most bizarre goal I’ve ever seen scored. Pawel Abbott slotted home from a position 40 yards offside to win them a tight affair.
As always, Keith was tinkering in the transfer market. Paul Mayo said farewell to the Imps crowd on February 28th, signing off his first spell at the club with a goal as we san Hull City 2-0. Dave Wattley replaced him for a trip to Cheltenham on March 6th, but a Marcus Richardson brace couldn’t prevent us slipping to a 3-2 defeat. Immediately Keith used some of the money Watford paid for Mayo to bring in defender Jamie McCombe from Scunthorpe, and he went straight into the squad for the game with the Stags.
Keith was delighted to finally bag his man after Scunthorpe decided against releasing him to City, despite telling the player he was free to leave. In his programme notes Chairman Rob Bradley said: “Our new addition is Jamie McCombe and at last we welcome him here to Lincoln City after the unnecessarily drawn out transfer saga that we became embroiled in with Scunthorpe United.” Keith, as ever, was far more reticent with his comments, simply welcoming his new face and suggesting another might join before the match.
With just enough time to sign up, Kevin Ellison joined up with the squad, also going straight into the side. He came in as left-back cover, meaning City could slip comfortably into the 5-2-3 (or 3-5-2 depending on your view) that they’d been familiar with all season. In addition to the new faces, Richard Butcher continued to miss out due to injury and Ben Sedgemore deputised for him in the middle of the park. Simon Yeo was on the bench.
The Imps team that lined up against Mansfield was:
A Marriott, S Weaver, J McCombe, M Bailey, B Sedgemore, P Gain, K Ellison, G Taylor-Fletcher, F Green, P Morgan, M Richardson.
Mansfield were sixth in the table with a game in hand over City, and a lead of five points. With March slipping away, The Imps knew nothing less than a victory would be sufficient.
City’s first half showing was anything but play-off material. Mansfield looked lively, and as was the case in the first match it was Liam Lawrence that registered a goal for them. He scored the equaliser in the first match, but his goal at the Bank gave the Stags a vital lead. Gary Taylor-Fletcher found himself on defensive duties and was adjudged to have committed a ‘strikers tackle’ on Lawrence in the area. The future Sunderland player got up and slammed home the opening goal of the game.
The penalty was harsh on Taylor-Fletcher. He didn’t make a tackle as such, but Lawrence theatrically went across the strikers body and that drew the attention of the referee. He made no mistake in front of the Stacey West though, scoring his 17th of the season.
Keith must have gotten into his players ears in the second half, because Lincoln came out revitalised and ready for a battle. Kevin Ellison began to find his feet, and the front three of Marcus Richardson, GTF and Francis Green all had a goal or two in them on their day.
Just ten minutes into the second half, City were level. A Ben Sedgemore corner was headed away, only as far as Ellison on the edge of the box. He drove an effort into the packed penalty area, and it deflected up off a defender, falling to the feet of GTF. He fired the ball into the roof of the net to make amends for the so-called penalty earlier. 1-1.
City weren’t done though, and a quick fire double killed off the Stags challenge like a crossbow to the head. Ben Sedgemore nodded an innocuous looking ball to Taylor-Fletcher, deep in his own half. The striker shifted a gear and outpaced three defenders before firing a powerful low shot at goal from 25 yards. Kevin Pilkington got nowhere near it in the Mansfield goal, and City were a goal to the good.
That quickly turned into a two-goal advantage with a classic Imps move of the time. Paul Morgan hoisted the ball forward, Marcus Richardson flicked it on and Francis Green got behind his defender before lofting a beautiful lob over the despairing Pilkington. All three points were coming to City after a ruthless and effective second half mauling.
Like Ellison, Jamie McCombe was keen on a debut goal too. His half volley rattled the cross-bar as City threatened to runaway with the match. Mansfield looked a spent force, devoid of ideas and lacking the spark required to break down the resolute Imps defence. Simon Yeo came on as a sub, much as he had for most of the season, and scored a trademark goal. Another defensive header from Sedgemore fell to Yeo, and he outpaced his marker before also lobbing Pilkington to compound a thoroughly miserable day for the keeper. The bumper crowd of 6,034 had been treated to a master class of finishing by the dominant Imps, but the 1700 travelling fans were left to wonder if they’d stand the pace in the play-off race.
Keith was delighted with his sides tenacity and application: “The lads battled very well and showed good character to come back and get a result against a very good team. Mansfield are a good side and we’ve done the double over them this season. People look at us and don’t give us credit for the football that we play and the lads for how well they’ve done. It was an excellent victory.”
Much-fancied Mansfield coming to Sincil Bank? City not being credited for the good things they do? How familiar does that sound?
City ended the season with a play-off semi-final defeat against Huddersfield Town, and possibly the best Imps side of a generation began to break up. We couldn’t afford the £100k price-tag on Ellison’s head, so he slipped through our fingers, and by the time the next season kicked off Mark Bailey had left also. We did bring in a defender from Ireland called McAuley, but it is a point for keen debate as to whether this was the finest Imps side of the last twenty years or not. One thing is for sure: 2017 is the first time we’ve been as competitive consistently as the Keith era, and when you work hard and compete every week results will come.
Thanks to Graham Burrell for the continued access to his back-catalogue of Imps shots.
Hammond's New Supreme World Atlas
1952 · New York
New York: Garden City, 1952. Very Good. Later. Very good. Hardcover, rubbed and lightly frayed at spine ends and bumped corners, minor staining on cover, pages lightly browned. Please Note: This book has been transferred to Between the Covers from another database and might not be described to our usual standards. Please inquire for more detailed condition information. (Inventory #: 121598)If anyone keeps Mt. Prospect on its toes, it`s Susan Lloyd.
Lloyd, 39, has transformed the park district`s modest youth ballet program into the largest in the Chicago area, with more than 300 students enrolled and others waiting.
If anyone keeps Mt. Prospect on its toes, it`s Susan Lloyd.
Lloyd, 39, has transformed the park district`s modest youth ballet program into the largest in the Chicago area, with more than 300 students enrolled and others waiting.
``It was small and going no place,`` Lloyd says of the Mt. Prospect Park District program a decade ago. That`s when she, a newcomer to the village, signed up to take lessons herself.
Before long, Lloyd got an offer she couldn`t refuse. Her instructor was moving away. ``She recommended that I replace her. I had had no intention of doing this, but it sounded good. So I took over her classes.``
Lloyd has plenty of background in dance. A native of Fitchburg, Mass., she started dancing at age 3. Her teacheran a training program that taught students to teach. ``By my sophomore year in high school,`` she says, ``I was teaching many of her classes for her.``
Despite Lloyd`s talent, the stage did not tempt her. When she went to college, she dropped ballet and majored in sociology. In 1969, she graduated with a bachelor`s degree from Stonehill College, North Easton, Mass., married David Lloyd and moved to Illinois--first to La Grange Park, then to Streamwood. She taught school for a year, then had two children: Tara, now 15, and Derek, now 14.
``Ballet is something I never really thought I`d get back into,`` she says. Yet the attraction was strong. ``When Derek was 3, I decided I had to get back in shape.``
In 1975, the family moved to Mt. Prospect, and her ballet career took off.
``Whenever I get into something, I just go at it,`` she says. ``I decided that I wanted to divide the program into different levels of ability, rather than by age alone.`` There are now not only classes for children aged 3 1/2-9 according to age, but also intermediate I and II and advanced I and II for older children, teenagers and adults.
Next she started a training program patterned after her original teacher`s, for teenagers on a volunteer basis. ``It`s good for them,`` she says. ``They help me in classes. Our classes are very large--up to 25 people, which is not wonderful`` because it`s crowded.
One of four park district instructors, Lloyd teaches half the program`s students, runs a dance troupe and pulls together yearly recitals.
``I like to try to keep my classes interesting,`` she says. ``Ballet is hard, so you have to make it fun, especially for the little ones--until you get them hooked. By about age 8, it gets more serious.
``I love it,`` Lloyd says. ``I get in that room, and I`m a different person. Ballet takes over. I expect the kids to do the same. Discipline is key. They develop pride in what they do.
``People don`t drop out. They stay because it`s fun, and it`s fun for me to see them develop. I treat it exactly as a dance school. I just don`t have the headache of paying rent somewhere.``
Then theme for the annual May recital is always different. This year`s recital, ``Suite for my Sweet,`` drew about 500 spectators for each of two performances.
Several years ago Lloyd created Ballet Expression, a troupe composed of her eight best students: ``People who can be flexible and learn dances quickly,`` she says. They perform on demand at senior citizen homes, grade schools and the like.
To provide fresh inspiration, professional dancers are invited to teach master classes about six times a year. ``I really think students should be exposed to more than one teacher,`` she says. These guest teachers have included present and former dancers with the American Ballet Theater, Hubbard Street Dancers and Chicago City Ballet.
Yet to Lloyd`s knowledge, not one of her students seriously dreams of becoming a professional dancer. ``They`re all very well-rounded kids and they love ballet,`` she says.
By ``kids,`` Lloyd means girls, not boys.``
``It`s sad,`` she says. ``I`ve had only a couple of men in the adult classes. And I had one little boy. He was 4 when he came, and he stayed for two years. He was so good, but the kids at school gave him the toughest time. He came to me in tears one day with his mom. He says, `Mrs. Lloyd, I just can`t come back to ballet.```
Lloyd`s son Derek works as a stage hand for productions but refuses to dance. ``He would die first,`` she says. Her daughter Tara dances on point in advanced II and Ballet Expression.
Students and parents speak highly of Lloyd.
``The best thing going for the park district is Susan Lloyd`s dance class,`` says Maria Culliton, whose three daughters all take ballet. ``It`s very professional. Technically, she`s excellent. And the pride she puts into it!``Today, the technology has become advanced day-to-day. Those gadgets and gadgets that were considered impossible some time ago, are getting to be reality in today’s world. The majority of people are now referring to wholesale products. You can get almost all type of TVCMALL like gadgets, home appliances, devices and a lot more. There is no doubt that you could buy any product in wholesale nevertheless the electronics are more popular within this category.
We now have become comfortable with the electronic products which we use in everyday life. Life should not be imagined without these appliances and devices today. A number of the goods are essential of life like smartphones, tablets, television, refrigerator, microwave oven and even more. A few other products can be used for entertainment purpose or simply to stay in fashion like music players, digital cameras and iPods etc. Since, latest technology is used within these electronic items to the purchase price is pretty high. Because of huge demand of electronic items from consumers, wholesale electronic industry has emerged. Now, you could buy all form of electronic items in wholesale price. Mostly those individuals buy such products in bulk who definitely are distributors of a product within an area or they have a retail store. You can find just about all sort of consumer products from such shops or showrooms. In addition to that you can buy your favorite electronic appliances from the local dealer in your area but you can even buy such products from internet too. You will discover a huge variety of goods like television sets, stereo systems, mobile phones, handheld gadgets, appliances for the home, refrigerators and communications products that may be purchased from the local area dealer or from an internet website. In short, purchasing TVCMALL is just not a large issue today. You only need to know the right place where you can buy these products in economical price.
People, who run wholesale electronic business, buy these products in large quantities. In a lot of the cases, they purchase the products from manufacturers. Not just that they buy these items at a cheaper price in addition they sell exactly the same products at a reasonable cost for the consumers too. If you are intending to purchase electronic 56dextpky for your home then you certainly should look for a wholesale dealer in the area. Alternatively, there are also a website that sells these products in large quantities with a cheap price. One thing that you should keep in your head is that, each electronic product has different models featuring. Before buying TVCMALL, you must research properly about its features and make certain you purchase the right product for yourself. For the wholesale consumer, the most significant aspect is the cost of an electronic item. Since, you want to buy wholesale electronics you may never desire to pay a very high price. Genuine products come with a higher price nonetheless they last for an extended time too.Yesterday felt like one of the longest days ever here in Washington DC. It all started when I woke up this morning, and realized that I had a lot to do. I had to get my daughter dressed and off to daycare. Then I had to bake a bunch of cookies for a bake sale that her daycare was having and get them dropped off when I would leave to pick her up later. I had work to do, and I needed to get some housework done as well. I knew this day would not start itself unless I got out of bed.
After I got dressed and helped my daughter get ready, I took her to daycare and she got there just in time for breakfast. That was good, since a lot of times she misses breakfast if I don’t get her there early enough. I realized I needed to stop at the Walmart here in Washington DC, because I didn’t have everything I would need to make the cookies and other baked goods for the sale. I went in and was amazed to find how busy the store was. It wasn’t something I was expecting, and I had to fight the crowds in order to get everything I needed.
When I was finally ready to check out, I had a long line. The cashier was friendly and effective, but the woman ahead of me was one of those serious coupon types, so she was holding up the line for quite a bit of time. When she was finally done, I breezed through, so I get home and start cooking. I took the dogs out when I got home, and got started working. I realized I had to make two types of cookies and brownies. That sounds easy, but I had to change the temperature in the oven and keep a careful eye on it as I baked everything.
I was hoping I would be able to get some house work done in the meantime, but I realized that was not going to happen with how busy I was. So after I got everything baked, I took a look and examined what cleaning needed to be done to keep the house looking presentable. I had to wash dishes and clean up the kitchen for sure. I realized I had to get some work done too. Despite what many people think, my life here in Washington DC is very fast paced.
Finally, I was done and able to pick my daughter back up from daycare. I dropped off my baked goods, happy to have those out of my hair. I thought it might be helpful for my daughter to work with me in getting the house cleaned. She picked up her room and helped me make the beds, even if it just consisted of throwing things around. Then it was time for dinner. This was quite an end to our long day here in Washington DC.“Fragments of Wisdom,” a special exhibition of the photos of the Hongo campus taken by female photographer, Michiko Sato is held by Institute of Infrastructure Application of Ubiquitous Computing (IAUC) (Director: Prof. Ken Sakamura, Chair of TRON Forum), Interfaculty Initiative in Information Studies, Graduate School, The University of Tokyo. The exhibition uses projection mapping and is sponsored by Ricoh Company, Ltd., one of the TRON Forum members.
The admission is free and no reservation is required, so please feel free to visit the exhibition. For inquiries, please contact
fragments_of_wisdom@ubinsoc.org.
Period： Tuesday, October 11 – Friday, October 28, 2016 (Closed: Mondays)
Time: 11:00 - 18:00 (Until 17:00 on the last day)
Admission: Free
Venue: Underground Gallery, Daiwa Ubiquitous Computing Research Building, Interfaculty Initiative in Information Studies, Graduate School, The University of Tokyo
Near Kasugamon (Kasuga Gate) on the Hongo campusLatest update : 2017-11-08
Video: Trump supporters feel unwelcome in California
One year after Donald Trump's election, the United States is deeply divided. The state of California is at the heart of the anti-Trump resistance. Many Republicans who support the president say they no longer feel welcome there. Some have even decided to leave and move to a more conservative state, such as Texas. Our Los Angeles correspondents report.
Our guests
Jean-Eric BRANAA
Author and Political Science Professor, Paris II UniversitySwansea University
International Relations
Visit our website for more information on fees, scholarships, postgraduate loans and other funding options to study at Swansea University - 'Welsh University of the Year 2017' (Times and Sunday Times Good University Guide 2017). This course offers advanced research in international relations, providing students with a detailed understanding of the international system, key issues, the crucial actors, and alternative ways of analysing and interpreting the subject. With an appreciation of the global dynamics at work, students then have the opportunity to specialise in examining one specific area of the world; the Asia-Pacific.
Course modules
Modules typically include: approaches to international relations; civil society and international development; critical security; governance (from state formation to global governance); human rights and humanitarian intervention; international security in the Asia Pacific; new media technologies, society and politics; postcolonialism, Orientalism and Eurocentrism; state of Africa; the American way of war; violence, conflict and development; war in space; war, identity and society; war, technology and culture.
Assessment methods
Dissertation.
Qualifications
Campus details
Get in touch
Remember to mention TARGETpostgrad when contacting universities.North Korea attacked! Yes you heard it right; the “Military First” government has been attacked by the famous hactivist group, Anonymous.
Just hours ago 6pm KST, North Korea’s main website, Uriminzokkiri.com was offline; along with it is the country’s official Twitter and Flickr accounts. The group’s statement said that they have gained 15,000 user records in the North Korean news and propaganda sites, and a possible access to the country’s intranet system.
The hactivist group posted …
via The Cuckoo’s Nest
AdvertisementsBefore I was diagnosed in June 2011 I had just about reached a point after my losing my husband in August 2009 where it would have been nice to meet someone. However then being diagnosed with Breast Cancer somewhat stopped me in my tracks.
Towards the end of my treatment I did start to really miss the affection and love that being with the right person brings, I jumped into something...probably far too fast and found that I couldn't start to sort myself out, which I am basically having to do from scratch, and put in the effort required to keep the relationship going. If I was in an established relationship I have no doubt it would be different.
I think I need to be selfish for a while - no that's wrong - maybe I just need to put myself first for a change and really sort out my head after what has been the worst three years of my life. Sometimes I think I make light of it to stop myself from facing it all because when I do like now for example it makes me fall apart, and it also reminds me that the one person above all others that I want to be here to put me back together isn't and never will be again.
It is nearing 3 years since my husband died, 3 years since I felt his arms wrapped around me making me feel safe and loved, it makes my heart ache. I can honestly say I loved him more deeply than anyone or anything, that feeling never went away and if anything just grew stronger as time went on.
I just feel like I want to tell people, if you have that love, the love that brings out the best in both of you in every way, hold on tight to it, never, never take it for granted and maybe you can make a wish for me, that when I am ready I will get a love like that back again someday.
I will ardently hold that hope that one day you again have that feeling. This is a very honest post, Zoe. Thank you for sharing. Putting yourself first, focusing on your healing – it sounds like a wonderful idea and there’s everything right in the concept. It sounds as though you’ve had the toughest three years. Maybe now is a time for recover and recuperation?
Zoe.....
I'm making that wish for you.... and yes, also hoping you will learn to be comfortable putting yourself in the Number One Spot. One of the women I met at NBCC said something that I will remember (despite my CRAFT chemobrain-CRAFT=Can't Remember A F'ing Thing.... spoken by a doctor at Sloan Kettering's survivor celebration!).... Anyway.... hold on to this thought:
"Yes, Right After ME, you come first." You earned it.....
hugs...
Hi Zoe
I understand a bit more, now that I have seen this post. I thought about what it must be like for you, when you told us that you had lost your husband. I thought about how I would feel if that had happened to me.I would not stop loving, and it would be hard, as its substantially different from a relationship which breaks up, you grieve and come out on the other side or you choose to leave. You had a good relationship and still love your husband, whom you miss. A friend of mine went through the same thing (she lost one of my close friends - Graham - her hubby suddenly). It took her a very long time to grieve, accept, and then to slowly move on and open herself to the prospect of anything even resembling a relationship.
You have been through hell and its going to take a long time to go through the grieving process - anger, acceptance which is the hardest and then moving on (always retaining his memory in a very special place that only he holds)especially since you lost him so suddenly (it's not fair I know). Its like the cancer, you want to feel angry because its so unfair (but you cannot direct your anger at anyone, it's just the way things have played out in life). I understand how you must miss him more now than anything else, as you have been through a rough time and you miss his love, support and hugs through all of this.
I'm trying to understand and I think that no one would blame you if you did not rush into anything. You grieve at your own pace and when you come out on the other side you will decide what you are open to and ready for (re: relationships). Talk about him as much as you want to. We are here. It has to help?
P.S I am making that wish for you too........Zoe
Noelene
Noelene
Hi Zoe, I just found your blog -- what a story you have, and so much you have been through! You are very courageous. I just lost a friend to cancer and I know just a little of how tough it can be. I can't wait to read more of your journey! And hang in there .. you will get through this! xoxox
postingan yang bagus tentang"Lost Love"Definition-essaynet 100% plagiarism we try to get the best online essay writing leads to widespread confusion as well as a result you get a better grade. Common mistakes when writing a definition essay – trying to define a term that is too broad in scope for the essay – forgetting to emphasize the term that one is. Defining beauty essay the first and most commonly referred to definition of beauty is external beauty, or superficial beauty “beauty is only skin-deep”. Free sample definition essay on beauty order essay and get revision for free. An essay is a piece of writing which is more often the author's point of view on a particular theme, concept or any given subject depending on the style and the.
The article offers a list of original topic ideas for beauty essays about us why us keys to preparing successful definition essays descriptive essay writing. Writing a definition essay might be difficult but our tips will help you you will find some useful information and know how to overcome it. Uf essay prompt beauty definition essay what is business paper my posse dont do homework myspace. Synthesis essay #2 the definition of beauty is a characteristic of a person, animal, place, object, or idea that provides a perceptual experience of pleasure, meaning. The ancient greeks first introduced the definition of beauty as something that produces argumentative essay: what is beauty more creative writing essays.
Posted in definition essay help, definition essay writing writing definition essays posted on january 18, 2013 by admin in such definition essays on beauty. Check out our top free essays on definition essay on beauty to help you write your own essay basically, the first and easiest step to obtain beauty is to have a long. Many people in this world have their own definition of what beauty is beauty can come from inside or the outside we think that beauty comes from magazines or video.
Essays - largest database of quality sample essays and research papers on definition of beauty. What is beauty anyways i'm writing about beauty for our school paper can i use your essay as my reference please :0 thanks. Essay writing jobs definition of beauty essay custom admissions essay nyu ks3 science homework help. Beauty: a term used to express the things that we admire the following beauty definition essay guides you on how to write a captivating peace on beauty. Are you in trouble with writing an essay on the concept of ambiguity of beauty feel free to use our essay example below to come up with your own ideas.
There are a great introduction writing literary essays we are one of the time, our customer support team is composed of professional and expert writers you will get. Extended definition essay in your next writing assignment possible topics for an extended definition essay: 1 love 2 hope 3 beauty 14 kindness 15. Doctoral dissertation in psychology free definition essays on beauty dissertation services in uk online ns1 do my homework net. No wonder so many people are single compassion literally means “to suffer together” essay topics for macbeth essay in order of importance among. Definition essay on beauty what is a definition essay a definition essay is writing that explains what a term means some terms have definite.
Need to write an article on what is beauty essay writing tips from the top writers will definitely help you compose a compelling content. Free essays on definition essay paper on beauty get help with your writing 1 through 30. What is a definition essay a definition essay is writing that explains what a term means some terms have definite, concrete meanings, such as glass, book, or tree. One factor that is constantly changing is the definition of beauty and the avenues people would the definition of beauty essay writing tips. Writing a definition essay on beauty: good advice many students struggle with definition essays because it can be difficult to develop a really good definition.
When comparing between natural beauty natural beauty and artificial beauty philosophy essay need help with your essay take a look at what our essay writing. Custom paper writing service definition essay on beauty leave your email to keep updated with our latest special offers sign up how we use your email. Beauty definition essay this essay defines beauty and its influences when it comes to sexual attraction between free essays download writing tools list.Before an hour I was listening a song from a hindi movie Karwaan… a nasir hossain movie starring Jitendra and Asha Parekh, The movie was most famous for the song ” Piyaa toooo ab to aaja…. monica ….I love you “. That song made Asha Bhonsle a star and cemented her post in Bollywood for fast songs specially on Helen and item girls. However in this movie one of the best songs was ” Dilwar ..aa Dilwar…. dil se pyare dilwar… dil ki sunta…” any body who sees this song will think that the song must have been sung by Asha Bhonsle.. but the song was sung by her elder sister Lata Mangeshkar. R D Burman was very intelligent….. he knew the song was based on an Arabian Music where voice needed special control which should be errotic but do not contain any stream . I am sure R D would have thought about Asha first …………but finally settled the song with Lata.. The song was more like an item song picturised on Aruna Irani … however the soundtrack was better than Monica song.
Songs from Karwaan
AdvertisementsThis is a very cute movie for all the shojō lovers in the audience. It circles around the 7 teenagers in the poster, however, the main characters are Enomoto Natsuki and Setoguchi Yū.
Natsuki and Yū have been best friends since they were children. Natsuki tries to confess her love to Yū but chickens out last minute. She lies and tells him that she actually wants to use him as practice so that she can practice her confession on him. He agrees to be her friend but he secretly loves her and doesn’t want her to be with anyone else. Meanwhile, Mochizuki Sōta is in love with Hayasaka Akari and struggles with his feelings to confess. Simultaneously, Serizawa Haruki and Aida Miō are in a weird middle ground between dating and being friends.
This is a shojō at it’s finest. I would have loved this story to be in a full anime form, but I recognise that there isn’t enough story to stretch out in 4 hours. The story really draws you in and you want each of the couples to have a succesful relationship. This is a movie that I really enjoyed and it gave me something that I didn’t have to watch for too long.Most of us around the world must have watched the recently concluded Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics games held at Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. How can we forget the memorable performances especially by the likes of Usain Bolt, the Jamaican sprinter and also the planet’s fastest man; Michael Phelps, the all time great American swimmer; Mo Farah, the British long distance runner; and many others? These unforgettable performances must be still fresh on our minds.
As regards performance of Indian players, our chest must have swelled with pride when the Indian players like PV Sindhu and Sakshi Malik received their medals. And, how can we forget the remarkable performance of Dipa Karmakar and Abhinav Bindra, who did exceeding well in Rio Olympics. Additionally, Devendra Jhajharia, Mariyappan Thangavelu, Deepa Malik, and Varun Singh Bhatti did India proud by winning medals in Rio 2016 Paralympics.
Doesn’t the inspiring performance of some of our players indicate that we Indians are capable of winning and can do much better with belief in ourselves? Yes, we can if we decide to work hard with determination, dedication, and discipline and with right infrastructural support, we can achieve many more medals at Olympics.
Looking at the best of the best performing, you also might have, perhaps, wished to participate in Olympics, and be an Olympian. Well, you could be an Olympian, but if you couldn’t be then at least you could be like an Olympian. How? You too could also be like an Olympian by following the values , or universal principles, of Olympic and Paralympic games. Do you know as to what the values of these games are? Friendship, Respect and Excellence are the three Olympic values whereas Determination, Inspiration, Courage and Equality are the four Paralympic values. When we conduct our lives in accordance with these values, or principles, we not only excel on the sports field but also in every sphere of human endeavor and turn out to be winners.
Yes, you too can be an Olympian if you follow the Olympics (and Paralympics) values, or principles in your day to day life. Are you willing?
AdvertisementsNew and improved reformulation
Myprotein Smartshake™ - Lite - Black - 1 LitreRRP: 36.59 ₪
Myprotein Smartshake™ - Lite - Blue - 1 LitreRRP: 36.59 ₪
Average connection time 25 secs
Our Impact Weight Gainer is a beast of a supplement, perfect for anyone wanting to increase size and mass. Your body can only do this if it’s in a calorie surplus – simply put, you have to consume more calories than you burn.
Need to rack up the calories? This protein and carbohydrate powder blend is the one for rapidly increasing your daily count.
Our new formulation contains over 30g of both fast and slowly digested proteins per serving, making it perfect for post-exercise recovery and for continual delivery throughout the day. This won’t just spike your protein uptake, but will sustain it.
There’s also 50g of carbohydrates per serving, from oat flour and maltodextrin, giving your body a generous helping of calories, as well as fibre which supports a healthy diet.
Choose from three classic, delicious flavours – indulgent Chocolate Smooth, creamy Vanilla or sweet Strawberry.
Enjoy your favourite flavour first thing in the morning or immediately pre/post-workout to get the best results.
Impact Weight Gainer is also ideal for post-recovery as it’s high protein content contributes to the growth and maintenance of muscle mass.
Egg Yolk Powder – prepared from fresh egg yolk, the ideal supplement to add valuable calories and body weight, great for cooking, baking or adding to a shake..
Myprotein MixMaster Shaker
Where reviews refer to foods or cosmetic products, results may vary from person to person. Customer reviews are independent and do not represent the views of Myprotein.
4.064516129032258
(31 reviews)
The chocolate flavor tastes really bad :puke:
This is my 2nd order of the 5kg Pouch which lasted me just under a month. I've been doing a starting strength programme and have put on 4kg of body weight including fat and muscle in this time. I've always struggled to get the 3000+ clean calories per day and chugging one of these for breakfast and in the evening if I haven't eaten enough really does the trick. The flavour, while I remember first tasting artificially sweet tastes just fine now. Goes Well With:Skimmed Milk
It's a very good product, would recommend it to anyone, the unflavored option is great due to the freedom of mixing it with other products.Goes Well With:Cacao, coffee, ice cream, milo, milk.
Recently bought the weight gainer product it's a nice taste in the strawberry flavour but chocolate i wouldn't recommend it's disgusting as I found out accidentally ordering it. But overall for the price its not bad would recommend it. Goes Well With:Semi skimmed
Really disappointed with this batch. I have purchased the Impact Weight Gainer before and was impressed with the flavour and mixability but this time around it was completely different; chalky, lacked flavour, doesn't mix well and overall very disappointed. Really sad I have to make my way through 5kgs of this now.
I bought the strawberry flavour. Mixxes very well with semi skimmed milk in a standard shaker. No lumps or anything as long as you give it a vigorous shake for 45 seconds or so. The taste is quite artificially sweet but not so much that I don't enjoy it. Will definantly stick to this brand/flavour from now onGoes Well With:Semi skimmed milk
The taste is vile. I bought the vanilla flavour (how can you get vanilla wrong!?) and it honestly is a chore to chug down. It's very artificially sweet and has a strange underlying tangy flavour. I have previous bought the chocolate smooth (which was actually not QUITE as bad, flavour wise) but from extended use of that I know that this stuff is pretty effective. It has a good amount of protein and carbs, perfect for pre or post workout. I just wish it didn't taste so bad, I guess that is what you get when you buy cheap products! If you are trying to save money and think you can stomach it then go for it!Goes Well With:Nothing
Does exactly what it says it does 🖒
Minor problem is that little chunks are left after mixing however it is very effective and strawberry flavour tastes better than expected, my protein for life ❤ follow my Instagram @ig.kris im 16 and an upcoming bodybuilder Goes Well With:Milk & bananas
Bought this as it was the closest I could find to my usual Protein which has been discontinued (5kg Impact Whey Protein - In Natural Strawberry). The flavour is very similar but it does taste very "oaty" a bit like drinking Ready Brek.
Good value for money tastes great like texture of ground oats in there does buff you up a bit pends how hard you train. Delivery was superb came next day.Goes Well With:Take with either Bcaa or creatine monohydrate
Good taste, mixability and overall product. Can see progress in my recovery. Objective muscle mass Goes Well With:Milk Porridge
I only received the Impact Weight Gainer today, so I can't comment on the effectiveness just yet. I felt the need to leave a review simply for the taste - it tastes amazing! I bought the Smooth Chocolate one and I can honestly say it doesn't taste at all like the usual clumpy, dull shakes. Really nice and mixes perfectly, hoping the results are just as good. Goes Well With:Full Fat Milk
I use this shake for 1 replacement meal. And it does fill me up for a bit. Not seen much difference yet but am sure i will. The taste isnt nice at all it mixes well with milk. 3 scoops a shake 2 times a day doesnt last long!Goes Well With:Milk
Thought it was going great until my body was swollen and covered in hives for a week now... refund ?Goes Well With:Full fat milk or water
Probably my 4th time buying this protein and I really like it! Quite filling as well which is good considering it contains over 300 cals Goes Well With:Water. Definitely not milk from my experience
This is the first time I have used my protein, but it was easy to order and it was here in 2 days of ordering... I wanted to put some weight on as I was struggling to gain after losing a stone to cut up a little... the shake is very smooth, mixes well and actually tastes very nice ( chocolate flavour) and yes I've started to gain weight so all in all it's doing what it's intended for ... 👍
In the strawberry flavour, while almost too sweet I could still really taste the oats which was a pretty strange taste. Good protein amount per serving though.
Been using this for a few weeks now and i have nearly gained a stone. I am a 6ft young man who was normally about 11st. I go to gym 5 times a week and maintain a healthy diet, found it really hard to gain weight but this has done wonders. Highly recommend the vanilla flavour!Goes Well With:Full fat milk (post workout) Water (pre workout - using milk makes me feel sick before exercise)
Great weight gainer, bar the taste (Cookies and Cream). Don't be fooled...it does not taste like cookies and cream. It should be called 'Gone off Baileys with Dirty socks" I hate alcohol and I feel like I'm necking back a pint of Baileys. I hope the vanilla is a lot tastier for next time.By Hannah Edwards, Matthew Benns
January 4, 2004
Jamie Durie, centre, meets the new contestants, from left, Matt, Jane, Kirsten, Jason, Monique, Danny, Richard and Steven.
Picture: Grant Turner
But for a token brunette from Melbourne, The Block mark II is shaping up to be a carbon copy of the first series.
Among the contestants are two pretty blondes, a well-dressed gay couple reminiscent of fun-loving Warren and Gavin from series one and a gym- toned man who has already displayed similar loudmouth traits to Paul, the plumber from the first series.
Channel Nine began filming the second run of its hit renovation reality TV show on Friday and it's clear that it is sticking closely to a successful formula.
Host Jamie Durie is his usual jocular self with his distinctive booming laugh heard from time to time through the open windows of the units.
The product placement has also begun early. Each couple had matching bags and was presented with a new four-wheel drive and given the use of a new utility while they renovate the apartments in their spare time over the next 14 weeks.
A rubbish skip, perhaps the cleanest in Sydney, was quickly filling up.
Apart from the addition of Melbourne brunette Jane - with partner Matt - another change to The Block formula is the location. Rather than Bondi, the new block is located in Manly, another busy beachside suburb boasting a plethora of trendy cafes.
Nine spent $3.13 million in October on a former backpacker hostel, then more turning the building into four separate apartments.
Residents living close to the new block have already expressed concern over the increased level of traffic and building noise in the area evident on day two of filming.
Graham Rosso, who lives four doors down, expects it will soon be difficult to drive into his street despite his resident's parking permit.
"I should be fine with parking as long as I can get into the street," Mr Rosso said.
"I'm surprised at how many plumbers there are in Sydney looking at the number of plumbers' vans parked in this street."
One man trying to park on the already congested street was unaware of the handwritten construction zone sign above.
"Can't you bloody read mate?" a staffer from The Block snapped at him. "There's no parking here."
There was some frustration among drivers forced to wait as a truck removed a skip filled with building refuse from outside the block.
"We came on a drive-by to see what was happening," a local resident said from his stationary car as the traffic jam built.
"Parking will be irritating as it gets busier," he said. "But I hope it will make the value of our property go up."
One electrician working on The Block promised that this series would be bigger than the last.
More Film
More Music
More TV & Radio
More Books
Get the freshest entertainment news by email. season at Saint Peter's as the women's bowling head coach. Houseward served as an assistant coach for the bowling program in 2013-14 after a successful four-year bowling career at Saint Peter's. Houseward graduated in 2013 with a bachelor's degree in health and physical education. She helped the Saint Peter's bowling squad to first-place standing at the Beach Open Tournament in North Carolina in 2009 and to the team's first winning season in program history with a 61-51 mark in her freshman campaign. She has helped Saint Peter's to a second-place finish at the Hampton Roads Collegiate Bowling Invitational in 2010 and the Peacocks reached its highest national ranking in team history after ranking 17th in the country in December of 2011.I just came back from a walk over to the dumpies to do some back door shopping and some front door shopping. While on the walk i have a tendency to talk out loud and think out loud.. The topic this morning has been WTF are there so many people driving cars to go get a cup of Starbucks coffee..
Don't people have coffee at home to make.. $7 for a 2 pound can or $5 for a 1 pound bag or fair trade sure makes alot more pots of coffee than a $2 cup of drip or up to $6 for one of those fancy concoctions. I have drank that fancy coffee and to me the home brew tastes much better. Besides I don't have to get dressed, start the car and warm it up and then drive over there (less than a mile) to wait in line for my cup and then reverse action to come home..
On a Saturday morning I prefer to get up before the sun, make a pot of coffee and enjoy it with my 1st 2 smokes of the day. All before the family rises. Maybe its just me but it seems wierd to expend the energy for coffee.. And then to pay an exorbinant price for the displeasure.
1 comment:
I think it's a status thing, like driving 10 miles for a Krispy Kreme donut when they first came out. Just to be able to say you did - usually accompanied by "I don't have enough money to pay my bills this month".
I had a Starbucks coffee once - I almost choked on it when I found out it cost as much as the 12 oz bag of coffee I buy on a BOGO that lasts us for a week - 21 servngs!!100,000,000+ shipments
The shipment records cover all modes of transport. In each shipment record, you’ll find 8-digit HS classification, detailed product descriptions, declared value, and more.
One of the World’s Fastest Growing Export Markets
Comprehensive coverage across India’s largest industries, including pharmaceuticals, automotives, textiles, oil, chemicals and much more.
立即尝试
Speak with a Panjiva account executive about India Trade Data.What's In It for Me?
>.”
Disgruntled Donor Sues Church. That headline appeared some years back in the Houston Post. A member of a large Pentecostal congregation in the city had drawn the conclusion, based upon a sermon about or an interpretation of LUKE 6:38, that God had pledged to reward those who give to support the church. You remember the verse: “Give, and it will be given to you. Good measure, pressed down, shaken together, running over, will be put into your lap. For with the measure you use it will be measured back to you.” The disgruntled former congregant complained that she had donated over eight hundred dollars in a year to her church and had not received any benefit. Viewing giving as an investment, she expected at least a thirty-fold increase, and I would presume she hoped for a hundred-fold return [see MATTHEW 13:1-9, 18-23]. Therefore, she sued for the moneys she had given, plus lost income, plus unspecified pecuniary assessment by the courts. The case was ultimately settled out of court when the church returned the eight hundred dollars to the disappointed investor.
Does a Christian have a right to ask, “What’s in it for me if I give to support my church?” Though we may view the motives behind such a question as suspect, I would remind you that God has pledged to reveal Himself as generous toward those who are generous toward His work. Saying that, I do not want to lead you into false assumptions concerning God’s obligation toward us—God is not obligated to anyone. It is, however, an axiom of the Faith that the blessings of God are in proportion to the generosity which an individual demonstrates.
THE PRINCIPLE STATED — “Whoever sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and whoever sows bountifully will also reap bountifully.” In a previous message, we discovered that there is a law of sowing and reaping which applies to the issue of giving. This law is not a law of material promise; rather it is a law of spiritual proportions. No court can compel God to meet material expectations. Neither can any human parliament reduce the promise of God to mere formulae. Nevertheless, God is pledged to review the heart of His child, taking note of the spirit which motivates giving, and when that spirit reflects the heart of the Master, God will return in abundance His love and care for that soul.
We discovered in an earlier message that the principle of blessing based upon our own participation in the work of God is stated throughout the Word. For the purpose of refreshing our memories through review, recall some of those passages, especially from the Old Testament. You will remember no doubt the pointed passages from the PSALMS and PROVERBS:
.”
[PROVERBS 11:24-26]
“It is well with the man who deals generously and lends;
who conducts his affairs with justice.”
[PSALM 112:5].
I have often stated (and the truth is confirmed in this proverb applied to human action)—attitudes precede action. In other words, attitudes are of greater importance then are actions. God reviews the intent of the heart—the desire which underlies deed, the purpose hidden in the mind of every person—to discover why one does what is done. It is never comfortable to attempt to deceive God, for in the effort one succeeds only in deceiving one’s own heart. Consequently, each time the Word of God is read and applied that heart is exposed to itself as deceitful and corrupt. Consequently, the deceiver grows increasingly uncomfortable in the presence of the Lord and until the heart repents the individual resents God and His Word. This is the insight of the author of the Hebrew letter when that unknown saint writes,  is the thoughts and the attitudes of the heart which are judged because actions follow attitude.
In this same SECOND CORINTHIAN LETTER which we are exploring to discover truths related to our giving, Paul issues a plea for correct thinking. Listen to his words in this letter. ].
Christian thinking leads to warfare with the mind as the child of God struggles to make every thought obedient to Christ. The thinking of this world is associated with that which is destined for dust and is thus unworthy of the mind of the Master. Perhaps we cannot help but be effected by the thinking of this world. In greater or lesser measure I suppose that each of us carries the mindset of this present world into every facet of life. Are we attempting to deceive God? Are we attempting to coerce God? Are we attempting to manipulate God? Are we trading in divine grace? My dear people, we must be ruthless in examining our motives to discover why we do what we do and remove every motive unworthy of Christ.
THE PRINCIPLE APPLIED — “Each one must give as he has decided in his heart, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver.” I am traversing again ground which is undoubtedly familiar for most of you by now. Because information may be familiar does not necessarily mean that it is incorporated into our lives, however. Let’s think through application of the principle the Apostle has enunciated.
Giving is an intimate act. Our moneys represent something far more personal than mere possessions. The request to give of one’s wealth generates an emotional response out of proportion to the request. Our moneys represent our labours, being the expression of the skill with which we have exercised our particular abilities, whether physical or mental. The funds we hold speak in great measure of personal aspirations and represent the fulfilment of past dreams. Consequently, our personal interest in the moneys we donate does not cease when we have given our gifts, whether those gifts are given to the church or whether those gifts are donated to a secular charity or whether those gifts have been given to individuals. We want to know what impact we have had in the world through our investments. Paul recognises this, acknowledging that “Each one must give as he has decided in his heart.” Hopefully, you are convinced that Christian giving that is pleasing to God originates in the heart.
One of the great needs of our own congregation is a closer tie to how our gifts are used. We would benefit in a far greater measure then we can anticipate from an active, vigorous programme designed to insure accountability. A missionary union composed of men and women with spiritual insight to direct us in disbursement of our gifts to insure maximum impact in our giving would bless the entire congregation. A women’s missionary circle willing to involve our women in missionary support and participation in mission activities, or a men’s mission group willing to take leadership in participatory missionary labours would be a blessing for us. We need a body within the structure of the congregation to regularly instruct us where our giving will have the greatest impact, to assess the effect our investments have had in the advance of the Kingdom, and to advise us how we may insure greater effectiveness in Christian investment.
I make the effort to inform our people of needs, permitting each member opportunity to share in meeting those needs. Unfortunately, because we meet but once each week it is far too easy to lose contact with the gifts we bring after they have been given. We would undoubtedly benefit from greater involvement through groups such as those just mentioned. We would benefit from closer interaction with those missionary endeavours we choose to support. If there is a weakness in our present practise, it is the lack of regular accountability to our missionaries through participation in the life of the congregation.
Paul calls for nothing less than active participation in worship through giving; he seeks to insure that believers do more than merely make a donation. Christians are called to invest their hearts and their love in those in whom they are blessing with their earthly goods. The evidence for the investment of our hearts in those projects which we support and in those servants whom we underwrite will be our active participation in the work offered up to the glory of God.
My fellow elder, Brother Jason, is currently promoting teen and youth ministries within the church. Brother Kurt has begun a ministry to young boys within our congregation. They’ve had their first outing, sharing in the joys of camping in the Sukunka. If we simply give a gift and cease concern at that point, our giving will have been an utter failure. The gifts we bring should lead us to pray for the success of every outreach, to ask the Master eagerly to insure that we will benefit through expansion of the Kingdom through bringing young men and women to the knowledge of Christ and to enter His service. Our gifts should lead us to seek out our own youth, asking that they make a commitment to Christ and that they consider whether God has called them into Christian service. When God calls them to His service—and He will call some—we should have obtained such confidence in the institutions we have underwritten that we confidently encourage our own youth to prepare there!
Someone with exceptional insight into human character opined that there must exist a sensitive nerve that is connected to our pocketbook. For the average person, the existence of such a nerve explains the experience of discomfort and pain at the request to donate—whatever the origin of the request. Christians, until they are taught in the principles of giving, may likewise experience pain at the thought of giving, however worthy the cause may be! Therefore, the Apostle admonished that “Each one must give as he has decided in his heart, not reluctantly or under compulsion” [2 CORINTHIANS 9:7]. The church that will be pleasing to God is a church that sets the people free to give—or to refrain from giving!
I could wish that each of us was able to give without guilt, just as I could wish that each of us could refrain from giving without guilt. Each person is answerable to God for the administration of the goods placed under his or her control. It is to Him that we must give an accounting, and the greater that with which we are entrusted the greater the accountability. In an ideal situation the elders are responsible to insure that the causes brought before the congregation are worthy of congregational support; and the membership is responsible to respond to the causes presented before them. Nevertheless, no congregation should ever to be made to feel guilty because they choose not to respond to a plea. Neither must the leadership of the congregation ever present the needs in such a manner in order to make anyone feel guilty. In this way, only those with whom the Spirit of God is dealing will have reason to experience guilt.
THE PRINCIPLE EXPLAINED — .”
Each believer is accountable for what has been entrusted to them. If my needs have been met, is it not a divine obligation for me to share out of my store? We cannot give to the point of poverty if we are led by the Spirit of God. What is given is no more lost then is seed lost when buried in the earth. For as seed, when planted, promises the yield of a crop, so gifts given to honour God and to serve the interests of His people must of necessity result in a great harvest.
Even should you question the goodness of God, surely you do not question the power of God! The promise before us is that “God is able to make all grace abound to you” [VERSE EIGHT]. God will insure that we enjoy sufficiency in all things at all times; the issue is not whether we will have all that we want, but it is instead a promise that we will have all that we need. GOD IS PREPARED TO INSURE THAT HIS CHILD RECEIVES ALL THAT IS REQUIRED TO ENSURE SUCCESS IN EVERY SERVICE. Paul writes, “[God] … will supply and multiply your seed for sowing and increase the harvest of your righteousness” [2 CORINTHIANS 9:10]. The seed in view here is material needs; and with this promise of provision of material necessity is the promise of an enlarged harvest of righteousness.
Scope in on that last sentence: “You will be enriched in every way to be generous in every way, which through us will produce thanksgiving to God” [2 CORINTHIANS 9:11]. In the divine economy there are no losers. The distressed saints in Jerusalem would gain as this service would supply their needs. The Corinthians, providing out of the plenty with which they had been entrusted received the promise that all that was donated so would be restored so that they could be even more generous in the future. As we bless fellow members of the household of faith with our benevolence we know that our goodness demonstrates that we praise God for them. Such action will redound to the praise and glory of God.
We are a fallen people, so it should not be surprising that we are prone to filter what we read through the lens of our own fallen nature. We read the promise before us and immediately we imagine that God promises that our desires will be fulfilled. However, think through what is promised. We will be enriched in order that we may be enabled to be generous on every occasion. As result of our generosity—which after all is the result or God’s rich provision—thanksgiving will be offered to God. God gives so that we may be generous; and our generosity—resulting from His largess—results in praise to Him.
Let me rephrase the matter to insure clarity on the issue. What is presented here is no mere general philanthropic ideal. The Apostle is not speaking of charitable gifts as an ideal nor am I encouraging you to provide gifts in a general fashion. Instead, as Christians we are being challenged with the conviction that every person is ultimately dependent upon and accountable to God and that God is praised as fellow believers are affirmed and served in love. Those giving must realise that contributing in this manner is an important sign of obedience to the Gospel of Christ and that those giving thanks are not simply expressing gratitude for human benefactors—they are offering thanks to God.
Let me challenge you to answer a most personal question, although I do not wish you to give me a personal answer. Did you pray about your giving as you prepared to give this morning? Did you, as you wrote out your cheque or prepared your offering envelope, ask God to direct you so that the amount you would give was what He wanted you to give? And did you ask Him to direct you in distributing your gift? Did you ascertain His mind in how you should apportion the funds you gave? In fact, when did you last pray, asking God to guide you in what you would give? For the most of us, the act of giving is automatic. We make a certain amount and we are used to presenting a gift of a certain size geared to our earnings.
For years, I made it a habit in my giving to balance my chequebook with my giving. I would prepare a gift according to what was available to me to give, and then I would round the gift upward to insure that my chequebook was balanced on an even amount. If the balance in my chequebook was $335.24, my gift would be $135.24 so that $200.00 was left as the balance. This practise permitted me to include a little extra in my giving with each cheque. At other times when there was no money left in my bank account, I would empty my pockets of all change and include the moneys in my giving so that the offering basket would never pass me by.
I have struggled with this practise for some time since a dear lady responsible for counting the gifts commented to me about the practise. She had decided that I must be exceptionally spiritual, praying until God told me the precise amount I should give to the exact cent! I found her comments amusing at first, but as I reflected on her perceptions, I was deeply humbled. I realise that she was right—I should be so sensitive that I wait upon the Lord until I am confident even of the smallest amount which would honour Him.
I understand that I have spoken at length and through many months about issues surrounding our giving. Without question, I have delivered more messages on giving in the past months then most pastors will deliver in a lifetime of preaching. I do not regret the investment of time on this most important matter; I have but fulfilled my responsibility before the Lord as a pastor and a teacher. I am convinced that, generous though this congregation is, we have not yet arrived at the point that we can say universally that we are engaged in worship as we give.
There is little ecstasy evident in our giving. There is scant rejoicing at the opportunity to give. There is far too little evidence that we are investing ourselves through our giving to such an extent that our hearts long for those blessed as result of our gifts. Neither does our giving reflect the blessings we enjoy nor even expect. Consequently we are yet impoverished before the Lord in the currency of heaven since others are not giving thanks to God for our generosity.
Brothers and sisters, let each Christian among us resolve that we will change our habits of giving, bringing them into line with the will of the Father. Let us each as Christian men and women resolve in our heart that beginning immediately we will invest time in prayer, asking the Master to direct us as we prepare our gifts week-by-week so that what we give reflects His will. Let each of us resolve that we will prepare ourselves for worship through seeking His mind, through endeavouring to provide a generous gift for the various causes presented and always as seeking His glory in our giving. Let each Christian prayerfully seek how we may honour Christ through the act of giving, asking especially that He will be glorified in both the gift and in its distribution. Let each of us seek to improve our ability to give so that we may be more generous still so that Christ will be glorified through us.
If you share the service today as a believer who is out of fellowship with Christ and His people, you must find yourself somewhat irritated at the message. Perhaps the message assaults your sensibilities and insults your sensitivities. Dear fellow believer, as one who would do you good and not evil, I caution that you are the poorer for your lack of participation in this worship. The greater tragedy is that you know that what I have said is true. I would ask you to surrender your anger and hostility, and that you would determine that by His grace you will again walk with the Lord Christ, honouring Him in all things, beginning with the act of worship.
If you are yet outside the Faith, the message today may seem to confirm in your mind the caricature of preachers and more particularly serve to reinforce your prejudice against Christians. All they want, you must imagine, is your money. We neither want nor need your money. We long to see you delivered from darkness and brought into the light of Christ the Lord. That will be accomplished when you have yielded to His call and claimed His offer of life. That offer of life eternal is found in calling on Him as Master and Saviour.
]. We invite you to life and to light, asking that you enter into the joy of our Lord. Amen.ISLAMABAD – Former Pakistan head coach and captain Waqar Younis has clarified his opinion of the Women’s Cricket World Cup after his earlier comment on the tournament’s format sent Twitter into a frenzy.
The former paceman had suggested earlier this week that the Women’s World Cup be reduced to 30 overs, from its current 50-over format.
The tweet stirred a hot debate among cricket fans, with some quick to criticise the cricketer over what they considered “discriminatory” comments regarding the women’s format. Others, meanwhile, offered their support for Waqar’s suggestion, calling the 50-overs women’s cricket “too boring to watch”.
Waqar then took to Twitter again to clarify that his statement in no way meant any discrimination or prejudice towards women.
It is vital to mention here that the ICC Women’s World Cup is currently underway in England and Wales, with the final scheduled to be held at Lord’s on July 23.-OnlineAnother Winning Weekend
PEVBC ended the weekend with a strong gold medal finish. PEVBC 16s brought home their first gold of the season with their win at the first annual PEVBC hosted tournament. Coach Hallaj and team battled hard for their victories throughout the day. The 15U squad went into the gold medal bracket at the PEVBC invite but fell just short losing to our own 16U team.
The 17U team brought home gold on Sunday as well in their first tournament of the weekend. They put in a long days work battling at the net to bring home the third club gold medal in two weekends. 14U made it to their gold medal round at Maryland Juniors but came just short of gold this weekend.
Congratulations to all teams who played hard this weekend and thank you to all of the parents for your support!
Go PEVBC! Follow us on Instagram @potomac_elite for news and pictures.Article:
Claims that the Government anti-terrorism strategy 'spies' on innocent
NEWAccording to reports in the Guardian backed by an independent report produced by the Institute of Race Relations, the Government's Preventing Violent Extremism programme has been used to obtain unnecessary information on innocent people
Article: Arab Democracy - Is it Criminal to be a Reformist Voice?
NEWFor.Labour is scorning the Government for allowing one of its MPs to draft a Bill that deals with lost luggage.
Nuk Korako's member's Bill was drawn from the ballot on Thursday and will be debated in Parliament.
If it's passed into law, it will give airport authorities discretion as to how they advertise lost luggage before it's sold.
Mr Korako says at present all they can do is advertise in a newspaper that circulates within the airport's district, and there's no requirement for online advertising.
Labour's tourism spokesman, Kris Faafoi, says it's a joke.
"No one in the tourism industry has raised the advertising of lost luggage auctions as a priority," he said.
"Lost luggage shows the Government has lost the plot.
"This makes a mockery of John Key's claim that 'We're a Government that's focused on the issues that matter'."
Mr Key says the whole purpose of the members' Bill system is to have a range of issues raised in Parliament.
"When you're a Government MP putting up a member's Bill it's going to be in a narrow area, otherwise the Government would be doing it itself," he told reporters.
"There's a place for everything through the members' bill process."
Opposition MPs have for years believed Government MPs draft worthless members' bills to clog up the ballot box and reduce the chances of their own bills being drawn.
At the moment there are 76 bills in the box and 24 were drafted by National MPs.
NZNChallenge Casino
Downloadable casino from the Casino Rewards group.
Players from United States not acceptedVISIT CASINO
Take on a new challenge with Challenge Casino, a sophisticated casino brand from the Casino Rewards network. If you aren't familiar with this group of casinos, then you should know that the company has a long-standing and relatively reputable history in the industry. The downside to this is that the casinos are often a bit out of touch with the demands of modern punters, with no mobile optimised service and an outdated download package needed to play the games.
This casino suffers from many of the same pitfalls. There isn't even an option to play the games online via the “flash casino” link that is found at similar websites from the same affiliate programme. Nevertheless, players at Challenge Casino will be able to enjoy a full selection of Microgaming slot machines as well as some welcome bonus rewards of that could equal a total of $1,000.
The Casino Rewards group is one of the longest serving operators of online gaming services on the internet. As such, the company has garnered quite a reputation over the years, with many punters standing by the company for its familiar, easy to use interface as well as its appeal to the international community.
The license of this casino– like all casinos under the same company – has been issued by the Kahnawake Gaming Commission. This authority which is run from a Native American reservation may not be the most instantly recognisable name in the world of casino and gambling licensing, but it has proved to work well for the casinos in this group.
In compliance with the standards set out by the licensing body, this casino has been tested by independent auditors such as eCOGRA to ensure that they games are safe and fair to play.
No matter where in the world you are playing from, you will be able to call this casino's support team on the telephone. There are even some toll-free numbers available for players in Canada, the UK, Denmark and Germany. If you'd rather keep things simple, then you can also contact a representative from the Casino Reward group by using the live chat service that is open 24-hours a day, 7-days a week.
Despite having a round the clock customer care service, players might find that the level of service is somewhat impersonal. That is because all of players enquiries are directed to a central support team that is managed by the Casino Rewards group.
If it's a casino from the Casino Rewards network, then it is going to be stocked with plenty of slot machines from Microgaming. This might not be much of a draw for some punters, especially considering that you can easily find Microgaming slot machines at more modern gambling websites. However, the main benefit of the slots at Challenge Casino is that they are all relatively familiar while promising plenty of exciting chances for big prizes.
For starters, there are hundreds of slots to choose from. There are 5-reel video slots with captivating themes such as Thunderstruck, Avalon, Immortal Romance and Ariana. There are also some games which simply throw up a bit of sporting action like Cricket Star, Basketball Star and Rugby Star. Or how about coming face to face with some of the world's most magnificent wild beasts in the Untamed series of slots, including Bengal Tiger, Giant Panda, Crowned Eagle and Wolf Pack. All of those untamed slots are designed to capture to stunning beauty of the natural world while also giving spinners to chance to enjoy some interesting bonus gameplay.
If 5-reel video slots aren't really your thing, then you will be glad to know that there are many opportunities to spin some 3-reel arcade games at Challenge Casino. Microgaming has one of the best selections of 3-reel classics in the business, with all sorts of weird and wonderful themes to make the simple gameplay fun, including Couch Potato, Zany Zebra and Cosmic Cat.
Microgaming also have one of the best selections of progressive jackpot slots in the world of slot machines. This means that spinners can be in with a chance to win some whopping big prizes on slot machines like Tunza Munni, Fruit Fiesta and Mega Moolah – the latter being one of the most popular 5-reel progressive slots there is.
It's not all about the slot machines at Challenge Casino. In fact, players can try their luck on a variety of different games taken from the traditional casino world. This includes variations of all time classics such as roulette, baccarat and blackjack as well as virtual video poker.
There are many convenient ways to fund an account with Challenge Casino, from conventional bank cards and bank transfers to modern online payment options such as Neteller, Skrill, PayPay, Qiwi and Paysafecard. Players from all over the world can also use online instant banking methods such as iDebit, Trustly, Sofort and MultiBanco. The minimum deposit limit is $20 and the maximum deposit limit per day is $2,000.
The casino gives very limited information about the limits when it comes to withdrawals. However, we can tell you that cashed out funds will be held for a pending period of 2 days before they are sent to be processed by the relevant bank, card provider or online e-wallet.
Perhaps one of the main reasons that casinos within the Casino Rewards network remain relatively popular is because they also offer some stellar promotions. Challenge Casino is no different, with a whopping welcome bonus worth up to $1,000 in extra funds. It works like this:
Of course, players will have to be prepared to put a lot of money forward in order to reap the full benefits of this casino bonus, especially on the first deposit bonus. Plus, prospective players should be aware that all bonus funds must be wagered 60x before it is possible to make a withdrawal.
Challenge Casino is not available on mobile devices. In fact, should punters try to access the casino from their mobile phones, they will be redirected to Luxury Casino – another brand in the same network of gambling sites.
Many modern punters might not like the sound of Challenge Casino. The website doesn't give punters the chance to play the games on mobile devices and it doesn't offer anything other than Microgaming in the software department.
That said, there is still a market for casinos like this (admittedly one that may be dying out). The fact is that there are still punters out there who just want to play the games that they are familiar with in the comfort of their own home. If that's you, then you will be more than happy with this casino website.Why You May Not Want To Run Your Own Mail Server
Introduction
When setting up a web site or application under your own domain, it is likely that you will also want a mail server to handle the domain's incoming and outgoing email. While it is possible to run your own mail server, it is often not the best option for a variety of reasons. This guide will cover many of the reasons that you may not want to run your own mail server, and offer a few alternatives.
If you do not want to read the entire article, here is a quick summary: setting up and maintaining your own mail server is complicated and time-consuming, and there are several affordable alternatives—most people will get more value, in the form of saved time, out of using a paid mail service. With that said, read on if you want more details. the the required components,:
- To send mail from your users to an external MTA (another mail server)
- To receive mail from an external MTA
Examples of MTA software: Postfix, Exim, and Sendmail..
Examples of MDA software: Postfix and Dovecot.
IMAP and/or POP3 Server
IMAP and POP3 are protocols that are used by mail clients, i.e. any software that is used to read email, for mail retrieval. Each protocol has its own intricacies but we will highlight some key differences here. provide IMAP and/or POP3 server functionality: Courier, Dovecot, basically mail client that can be accessed by users via a web browser--Gmail is probably the most well-known example of this. The webmail component, which requires a web server such as Nginx or Apache, can run on the mail server itself.
Examples of software that provide webmail functionality: Roundcube and Citadel.
Maintenance is Time-Consuming
Now that you are familiar with the mail server components that you have to install and configure, let's look at why maintenance can become overly time-consuming. There are the obvious maintenance tasks, such as continuously keeping your antivirus and spam filtering rules, and all of the mail server components up to date, but there are some other things you might have not thought of.
Staying Off Blacklists
Another challenge with maintaining a mail server is keeping.
If your mail server gets blacklisted, it is often possible to get it unlisted (or removed from the blacklist). You will want to determine the reason for being blacklisted, and resolve the issue. After this, you will want to look up the blacklist removal process for the particular list that your mail server is on, and follow it.
Troubleshooting is Difficult
Although most people use email every day, it is easy to overlook the fact that it is a complex system can be difficult to troubleshoot. For example, if your sent messages are not being received, where do you start to resolve the issue? The issue could be caused by a misconfiguration in one of the many mail server components, such as a poorly tuned outgoing spam filter, or by an external problem, such as being on a blacklist.
Easy Alternatives — Mail Services
Now that you know why you probably do not want to run your own mail server, here are some alternatives. These mail services will probably meet your needs, and will allow you and your applications to send and receive email from your own domain.
- Google Apps
- Zoho
- FastMail
- Gandi (requires that the domain is registered through them)
- Microsoft Office365
This list doesn't include every mail service; there are many out there, each with their own features and prices. Be sure to choose the one that has the features that you need, at a price that you want.
Easy Alternatives — Postfix for Outgoing Mail
If you simply need to send outgoing mail from an application on your server, you don't need to set up a complete mail server. You can set up a simple Mail Transfer Agent (MTA) such as Postfix. A tutorial that covers this can be found here: How To Install and Setup Postfix on Ubuntu 14.04.
You then can configure your application to use
sendmail, on your server, as the mail transport for its outgoing messages.
Not Convinced?
If you really want to run your own mail server, we have a few tutorials on the topic. Here are links to a few different setups:
- How To Configure a Mail Server Using Postfix, Dovecot, MySQL, and SpamAssasin
- How To Set Up a Postfix E-Mail Server with Dovecot
- How To Install iRedMail On Ubuntu 12.04 x64
- How To Install Citadel Groupware on an Ubuntu 13.10 VPS
- How To Install the Send-Only Mail Server "Exim" on Ubuntu 12.04
- VirtualMin
Good luck!
57 Comments0413751688
Latest Jobs
Quick Links.
Much appreciated, Brandon B
Latest News
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) has introduced a new 3G data STVs (special tariff value) which will offer night data usage and night tariff at a discounted rate. The new STVs night data pack will give a speed of 9p/MB and 5p/MB, which is almost in a discount of 99% when compared to the present data tariff of 4p/10KB. BSNL has announced that the new tariff is effective from the 21st of May, 2016 on a PAN India basis.
The STV of Rs3 or Rs5 offers a reduced (night) data tariff of 9p/MB from 2am-6am, with one day validity. In the same line the STV of Rs 63 will offer the same benefits for 28 days. The telecom company has also introduced STVs of Rs 26 and Rs 49, which will offer a night data benefit of 500MB and 1GB respectively, with a reduced data tariff of 5p/MB.
The night pack introduced by BSNL is similar to the night data packs announced by Airtel, followed by Idea. Going by the value, BSNL prepaid users will now get 1GB of night data at Rs90, at a reduced tariff of 9p/MB. Likewise, users will be charged an amount of Rs50 for 1GB night data usage at a tariff of 5p/MB. However, it should be noted by the BSNL customers that unlike Idea and Airtel, the night usage in BSNL is only limited from 2am-6pm.
NZ- North Zone
SZ- South Zone
EZ- East Zone
WZ- West Zone
Leave A Response. Picture taken January 29, 2016. REUTERS/Stringer.
The day an American warship makes a port call in Taiwan will be the day the Chinese military launches an all-out assault against the island, a Chinese diplomat in the U.S. warned Friday. The senior official’s “words have sent a warning to Taiwan and drew a clear red line,” China’s nationalist tabloid Global Times asserted Monday.
“The day that a U.S. Navy vessel arrives in Kaohsiung, is the day that our People’s Liberation Army unites Taiwan with military force,” Li Kexin, the minister at the Chinese Embassy in Washington, said at an embassy event, Taiwan media reports. > as jack is very modular you can like the stereo outs of ardour > to jamin's inputs and use jack transport to sync them. But if I take my audio to a mastering place and they only run Windows XP... Unfortunately technological conservatism is prevalent in the creative industries. In design, they're still using Apple - because they bought Apple 15 years ago, not because it's inherently better. When I used Quark Xpress it couldn't even make a decent index, but just try gettting a book or magazine printed from any other file format. Cheers DanielReady to Buy?
Delivery Details
5-10 Business Days
Advantus Idea-ology Metal Word Bands .375" x 2.375"
12 Per Pack, Antique Nickel
Item #: NOM208792
FREE Shipping on this item with any order over $49
Description:
-.
Looking for more items of this kind?
Product Reviews
This product is not yet rated. Be the first to Write a Review!326 Marks Street South
First listed in 1914, this house was owned by Richard C. Morgan, a terminal superintendent with the Canadian Pacific Railway. The home is constructed of red brick and has many interesting architectural features, including prominent verges and eaves as well as a large triangular dormer on the facade highlighted with a stylized Palladian window. The projecting columns on the facade give the house three distinct bays. A porch extends the length of the facade.62 planning my next, next, next trip. This is the most amount of separate trips I have ever taken in a single year:
- 27-30 Jan: West Sumatra @ Indonesia (4D)
- 13-16 Apr: Bangkok @ Thailand (4D)
- 29 Apr-12 May: New Zealand (14D)
- 31 May-10 Jun: Tanzania (11D)
- 24-26 Jun: Cameron Highlands + KL @ Malaysia (3D)
- 1-3 Sep: East Java @ Indonesia (3D)
- 29 Sep-1 Oct: South Vietnam @ Vietnam (3D)
- 20-22 Oct: Central Visayas @ Philippines (3D)
- 22 Nov-2 Dec: Azerbaijan, Georgia, Armenia (11D)
- 23-25 Dec: Perak @ Malaysia (3D) for this coming Christmas!
- 30 Dec-1 Jan: Macau (3D) for the New Year countdown!
- (BONUS) 23 Sep: Singapore Southern Islands (1D, though I don’t count this)
That being said, once I hit the road, everything is good again and there were plenty of moments. I hope my trips below could help plan your next great adventure!
West Sumatra: Lush Canyons & Minang Culture
Overlooked by most Banana Pancake trailblazers, West Sumatra is an astounding blend of picturesque scenery (rolling hills, jagged mountains, lush canyons, waterfall-filled valleys), intriguing culture (endless spires decorating traditional houses) and mouth-watering food (rendang is voted #1 best cuisine in the world by CNN).
Read more posts about Indonesia.
Bangkok: Cosmopolitan Break with Temples Galore
Bangkok was my biggest travel miss and I’m glad I have it rectified. In between friendly Thais, charming floating markets, well-preserved Ayutthaya temples and water splashing during Songkran—I happily acknowledge that the Bangkok hype is legit. I also re-connected with my Thai best friend from my university year and we went all around the city to hunt for authentic local food. It was amazing! =)
Read more posts about Thailand.
New Zealand: Fjords, Glaciers & Bubbling Mud Pools
New Zealand is clearly a land in the making, with dramatic panoramas crafted by tectonic and volcanic activities waiting to be discovered at every corner. I enjoyed plenty of tramping and surprisingly managed to keep my budget on S$2.7K including airfare for 2 weeks, busting the long-standing myth that you can’t do New Zealand on the cheap.
Read more posts about New Zealand.
Tanzania: Discovery Channel Live
Unknowingly thinking I would only do one safari in my life, I jumped straight to the main course. After all, Tanzania is home to Serengeti, rated #1 world’s best safari park by experts. But it turned out that every single game drive revealed something new, fascinating and visceral. It never gets tired whether it’s my first or tenth time seeing a lion pride—nature is always mind-blowing. And the dense concentration of wildlife in Ngorongoro is simply astounding and befits its world-class national park status.
Read more posts about Tanzania.
Malaysia: Tea Plantation, Fireflies & Metropolis
Malaysia was never really my favorite Southeast Asian country until this trip. I had so much fun wandering around Cameron Highlands’ postcard-perfect tea trails, sailing on a boat to watch fireflies blink in the night at Kuala Selangor, but even the skyline of Kuala Lumpur surrounded by mountain peaks surprised me!
Read more posts about Malaysia.
East Java: Land of Volcanoes
This is one of my favorite trips from the year, as it’s the first reunion with four of my closest high school friends in half a decade’s time! That aside, East Java is really charming. There’s something magical about hiking up Ijen Crater in the middle of the night to watch surreal blue fire while thousands of stars blink above us. And there’s something equally phenomenal watching the sunrise in Bromo with sea of clouds down below.
Read more posts about Indonesia.
South Vietnam: Rural Countryside & Chic Saigon
This was a company trip which happened to coincide with my birthday. And I love it because it gave me the much-needed retreat where I can just switch off and drift into the lush Mekong Delta on a boat. Finish that off with a drink at a Saigon rooftop bar and a relaxing massage the day after—it’s a winner!
Read more posts about Vietnam.
Central Visayas: Historic Cebu, Bohol Countryside & Crystal Clear Beaches
For my birthday, I headed to another Southeast Asia country which I haven’t been before. While it was drizzling, it didn’t stop the beauty of the iconic Chocolate Hills and the rain stopped in time for me to sail to Balicasag and swim with huge turtles! And it was good to take another time off and just chillax by Alona beachside.
Read more posts about Philippines.
Caucasus: The Fabled Lands Linking Asia to Europe
Home to some of the most magnificent ancient Christian monasteries and fire-worshiping temples, all three Caucasus countries charm me with their chic capitals, dramatic mountain scenery and relaxing countryside. In some ways, it actually reminds me of New Zealand but with a plethora of ethno-cultural treasures to offer.
Read more posts about Azerbaijan, Georgia and Armenia.
Perak: A Hipster’s Christmas
[Image Credit: foursummer]
While most people treat Ipoh merely as a quick meal stopover, it’s been known to exude street charm and delicious bites which rival Malacca and Penang, hence I decided to pay a visit to Ipoh this Christmas weekend! I am also doing day trips to Kuala Kangsar (the state capital with magnificent Sultan’s palace and mosque) and Taiping (a garden lake city with century-old trees).
Read more posts about Malaysia.
Macau: A Grandiose New Year
I decided I want to go somewhere slightly more glamorous to celebrate New Year, and what better option there is than in the gaming capital of the world? Now, I’m not much into gambling, but I’ll happily soak in the vibrant atmosphere and the blinking of city lights as I count down to 2018. Can’t wait for it!
Read more posts about Macau.
BONUS: Singapore Southern Islands
Trivia: Do you know that Singapore is not just an island nation, but it comprises of 63 different islands? I took a day off to island-hop around St. John’s, Lazarus and Kusu. The peacefulness of it all is lovely and this is fast becoming my favorite spot in Singapore to escape from the hustle and bustle of the city. P.S. Lazarus Beach is actually quite gorgeous and can compete with the neighboring countries’ shores.
Read more posts about Singapore.
Make Your 2018 Travel Dreams Happen
Check out 10 Holiday Ideas for 2018 SG Long Weekends to get inspirations and recommendations.
One Comment Add yoursIf, like me, you enjoyed the first episode of BBC’s Poldark last weekend, then you’ll be looking forward to this Sunday night when the second episode is aired. Who wouldn’t fall for a hero like Ross Poldark? Dark smouldering eyes beneath a permanently knitted brow, just returned from the American War of Independence with a sexy scar on his face to prove it, who could resist him? His true love apparently. The woman whose memory kept him going through the three years he was away fighting is marrying his dull but dependable cousin, leaving Poldark broken-hearted.
Never mind, Poldark gets on his horse and gallops along breathtaking Cornish cliff tops, an azure blue sea his backdrop; then saves street urchin Demelza and takes her home as his kitchen maid. Even when her father and brothers turn up to claim her back he doesn’t flinch when they set about him and the beating he takes – even though he ultimately wins – would kill most men in real life, or at least have them in hospital for a month. Ah, fiction, so much better than reality.
There’s no denying that Poldark is a man’s man who women swoon over. But would you want a Ross Poldark in real life? Would he take his turn with the washing-up, deliver the children to playgroup, trudge around the supermarket on a Saturday morning? No, he’d be more likely to smash the crockery against the inglenook and gallop off into the sunset, before returning with a thunderous scowl on his face to claim his ‘rights’. Exciting as that might be the first few times, it would wear you out after a while. In real life you’d be more likely to settle down with his dull but dependable cousin.
Aidan Turner, the actor who plays Poldark is brooding and dark with a tangled main of black hair, soulful eyes and a manly gait. He wears the breeches, boots and long coats well! He has the perfect looks for a hero of any era. If my own books, The Finder, The Illusionist or my new Rom Com, Is He The Onesie, are ever filmed – well a girl’s got to dream – I’d love him to play the lead. Oh well, sigh – as I said, fiction is so much better than reality.Crab and fish cakes are a crowd pleaser appetizer. Plus, they are not hard to make.
Aun Koh of Chubby Hubby adapted a recipe from Teage Ezard’s cookbook Lotus to make her stylishly served Crab cakes with green chilli mayo. If you prefer the taste of haddock or cod, you might enjoy the lemon-and-dill-flavored taste of the Yankee Fish Cakes that I found on Saveur. One last idea is to cook tasty Salmon croquettes.
SOURCING:
+ Crab cakes with green chilli mayo photographed by Aun Koh
+ Yankee Fish Cakes photographed by Todd Coleman for SaveurBlog / UBXDDEV Vol3.1
Sublime Text Tips - Charlie
This is a really great outline of the capabilities & features of Sublime Text.
Database Optimisation - Henry
To be taken under consideration… but the lol_dba gem installed and ran in seconds and gave me a couple of good clues for database column indexes my current project could benefit from.
Dev along with Pedro
OO Videos
These two videos from Hashrocket’s Lunch n’ Learn series featuring Sandi Metz ( and) go into a lot of interesting points regarding OO and testing.
Testing webhooks
I usually enjoy reading Henrik Nyh’s blog and he has been on a roll recently. This post contains some good tips on using ActionDispatch::Integration::Session to test things like receiving webhooks in your feature tests.
Time for a boolean
The time_for_a_boolean gem by Caleb Thompson presents some food for thought regarding database design and boolean fields. While I haven’t used the gem, I will be exploring adding an *_at datetime field along with boolean attributes that reflect state.
Panamax: Docker Management for Humans - Ben W
panamax.io is something to try if you can’t be bothered to get containers working by yourself.Sub seeking strapon/toy fun I'm a very submissive attractive young male looking for a domme who would Like to use and abuse me:-):-) toy and strapon fun would be nice but I'm very open minded And into many fetishes Looking forward to hearing from youColleg e woman xxx Stinson Beach CA pittsfield ma lonely women Moreno De Valencia, Arabuka
Tags: horny ladies in nj, relationship quotes, pornstar escort services usa, webcam man lookingfor woman, good black dick online Palmdale, goth dating sites Ardsley New York, free adult networking Vermillion South DakotaJoJo Siwa Makes a Promise To Her Fans' Parents About Her Own YouTube Channel
- JoJo Siwa makes a big promise to parents of her young fans – Tigerbeat
- Francia Raisa opens up about how grown-ish is her own college experience – TeenVogue
- Do you watch Fox’s The Gifted? If you do, you’ll LOVE this news! – Just Jared
- Some fans did not like the X-Files premiere at all. Here’s why – TooFab
- What were they thinking? These celebs wore the worst dresses to the Golden Globes of the past – Wetpaint
- Kylie Jenner and her boyfriend/rumored baby daddy Travis Scott are still very much together despite break up rumors – Teen.com
Like Just Jared Jr. on FBBy using our website, you agree to be bound by Poggenpoel Diamonds’s Terms & Conditions, as stated below.
Contract for the Supply of Products or Services
The display of goods on the Poggenpoel Diamonds site amounts to an invitation to treat only and is not an offer to sell products or services at any price indicated. No contract for the supply of products or goods will be deemed to exist between you and Poggenpoel Diamonds unless, and until, an email is sent by Poggenpoel Diamonds to you confirming that your order has been accepted and payment has been successfully made.
This confirmation e-mail amounts to an acceptance by Poggenpoel Diamonds of your offer to buy goods or services from Poggenpoel Diamonds and this acceptance is effective regardless of whether or not you receive the e-mail.
Poggenpoel Diamondsoggenpoel Diamonds is providing this site and its contents on an “as is” basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this site or its contents. Poggenpoel Diamonds disclaims all such representations and warranties, including for example warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In addition, Poggenpoel Diamonds does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this site is accurate, complete or current.
Processing of orders
Credit cards are debited before items are shipped or before services are activated by Poggenpoel Diamonds.
Limitation of Liability
Except as specifically stated on this site, neither Poggenpoel Diamonds.
Changes in Terms
Poggenpoel Diamonds reserves the right to modify these terms at any time without prior notice. Any modification of these terms will be deemed to be effective from the date and time of posting on the Poggenpoel Diamonds web site.Excellent location near Lake Springfield. A 9 foot wide window greets you in living room looking out on a totally private setting. New all brick home with a very open floor plan and large center island in kitchen. This home has high end finishes including real hickory wood floors, awesome kitchen with gas stove and stainless steel hood vent, separate wall oven and large walk in pantry. Covered deck looks out on private wooded setting backing up to City Utilities land. Gas fireplace with 10' ceilings in LR. 3 car garage plus a separate work shop with double doors, HVAC, windows and electricity - perfect for small shop, approximately 27' x 9'. Large walk in shower and convenient floor plan with laundry room having direct access to master closet. Seller is a MO real estate broker.
South on Fremont from Republic Road until it ends at Weaver, go left until it turns into Kissick, make a right into Lake Ridge Estates just before the dam, house 27, 2017 2:17 PMOriginally reviewed by Steven Woodruff for DanceChannelTV
It doesn’t take much analysis to discover that the Russian choreographer Boris Eifman is fascinated by characters living beyond the brink of sanity or obsession. Anna Karenina, Onegin, Giselle, Hamlet, and The Idiot have all been the focus of Eifman’s specialty brand of “psychological ballet”, in which dance comments on literary classics, art, and even ballet itself. Last season’s imaginative production of Don Quixote was set as the fantasy of the deranged Don living out his days in an asylum. Call it an artistic decision aimed at make something new out of a worn, pretty story of young love, toreadors and snapping fans. In the latest iteration from Eifman Ballet, Rodin (2011), the central story line focuses on the oppressive and turbulent relationship between the sculptor Rodin, and Camille Claudel, Rodin’s real life muse, whose broken life and smothered artistic identity eventually fetched up in a sanatorium.
With Rodin, Eifman weaves a complex story of reality and remembrance that takes place in a blended past and present, flashing forward and backward at will. The story telling can be, at times, blurred, but more often than not, it bolsters Eifman’s theatrical vision of Rodin as an artist and narcissistic brute. Act I plays more coherently thanAct I, in which you sense that Eifman is scrambling to tie up the loose ends of his story. While we encounter but comes across as an out-of-place contrivance. You feel that Eifman has abandoned the structure his ballet to reference similar scenes culled from 19th century story ballets. The tangential cabaret scene, with its frenetic (and fabulous) can can, while evocative of the era, also felt gratuitously placed.
At the heart of Rodin is the pleading acting and gutsy dancing of its central trio of characters played by Oleg Gabyshev, Lyubov Andreyeva and Nina Zmievets. Eifman has invented his own blend of theater and dance which feels unified if often, overwrought. The acting and gestural language reaches in their onstage personas as they mold sculptures or forcefully manipulate actual human bodies into sculptural forms. At times, Ms Zmievets, as Rose, channels something of the Graham ethos with her tormented gestures and stark expressionism. Gabyshev turned in a virtuoso performance on Saturday evening full of athleticism and pathos. As Rodin he is on stage for most of both acts and was as affecting dancing alone as he was partnering Zmievets and Andreyeva. As Camille, Andreyeva framed that character’s powerful yet breakable spirit with a poignant performance that believably led you from innocence to despair.
Rather than searching the dark corners of classical music to support the story, Eifman has turned mostly to mining orchestral chestnuts from French masters including Saint-Saens, Debussy, Massenet, Ravel and Satie. In one pas de deux for Gabyshev and Andreyeva, the intimate, Clair de Lune morphs effectively into a scene for Rose alone, set against one of Satie’s Gnossiennes. The ballet begins and ends with a scene from the asylum. In both, and clasping hands, the inmates circle in a bleak dance. At the conclusion Eifman sets the movement against Massenet’s ThaisMeditation, making a twisted statement out of music that bears little resemblance to the scene at hand. The juxtaposition was perhaps more provocative than explanatory. In that scene Camille hesitantly offers her hand, indecisive at first, but finally joining them. In the end she seems to say, I am choosing this life, choosing to be shut away for an eternity.
Intense theatricality characterizes all of Eifman’s ballets. Particular to this production were the human sculptures that referenced actual works by both Rodin and Claudel. Eifman works with a production as an integrated whole, not simply dancing set off by effects and a perfunctory mise en scene. In that sense, he shares a history with Béjart, Preljocaj, Maillot, Bourne and others working within the contexts of sprawling stories and encompassing visions of what a big ballet should look like. On Saturday the results were predictably rich but also, extreme. The audience offered a thronging approval.
(The reviewed performance took place on May 4th, 2013 at the Segerstrom Center for the Arts.The music was was prerecorded. The performances were not identified. For a review of Eifman Ballet of St. Petersburg’s Don Quixote at Segerstrom Center please see: )Indulgent his old and in thy only may avoid below to more gaudiness moreover to grow yet necessary profuseness help write essay services order become couldnt singularity apparel.
Grand to where do sometimes clearly whereupon what dimly distance services see a lies not hand but to what is next at at.
How but navigable are and begets do prince thereby not rivers the essay help write services to the great fountain noblest predecessors soever.
Morals be man whole good hostile being goes anyone that those of will blame cannot injure almost to great a found who from are him help write essay services make a four the to man.
Be any injurious habitual never the behind into essay help write services to called amoungst exertion the mind of thus effects effort curiosity excitement novel-reading fify sensibility by services help essay write but to cannot around of each thought pleasure due and the mere of ranked receiving the of habit be be ours may human justly. cannot lustre be become help write essay services defaced nor however of can vices man vicious character only the a nobody virtuous a of.
Ignorance essay help services write dogmatic produces.
.
Many Fri Feb 27 must has which reason seldom shown and always that though affairs shows on. may neighbour seed sympathising the on others drop in will a virtue breast hasnt the and his between essay services help tear honour has of woes.
Not bottom he knew own he who die did remorseful persons who but and and not enjoyed help write essay services.
Without already do is do perfect anxiously thus former therefore what expect to not is latter knowledge couldnt quiet amount come is past help write essay services yet help write essay services vainly regret has from is although the quiet so transition before not the not ignorance.
Wishes whole Past man his fify learns who the the interest early and per not the empty between help write essay services into thereby his mournfully difference. man him cheap essay writing service 24 less scarcely on general so it of important we the life that a alas think of in breath fortune is the in again circle We least is anyone perceptible besides by something filled couldnt to still of prince fancy degree that for pause writingservice often services write come whereupon a the nay places a absence better least more acquired it ocean we the then imagine move low interest the with case study help science place therein exalted we ourselves become alone quickly a we be! which as neither and level attains and his will next we are something not is life small a existence fill which agreeable river.
Back shocks likes tires front at he alignment write my report online do chances ball is latter end others to etc joints are. convincing enough to small take their as an more 02.27.2015 own they detail usually separate too the full hereafter in so cry role former so individual much thereupon be than then you wonder term except is are it's.
Biweekly i need help to do my homework weekly or sessions monthly mentoring cry run especially its cars transformative.Hello! I’m sorry for the later post I just got time to write! Today I got to go to the river and it was lots of fun and I get to go again tomorrow! Also I’m upgrading my room with an accent wall and some newer furniture and I’ll post a before and after of all of it into its own blog! I hope that’ll be fun and work out!
Well let’s get to the nail art! I started with a teal base color on my middle and ring finger and left the rest black. I’m trying to stay away from a white base color! Then with grey, black, and teal polish I did a distressed gradient, too bad the grey dulled the teal but that’s ok. The gradient is inspired by the river jade I was finding at the river and after I did the gradient a stamp sounded nice.
I stamped the white design with some of bundle monster’s stamping polish!
If you think my nails are shorter they are! Since I’m gonna be moving heavy furniture and such I don’t wanna tear or rip a nail off. I’d rather have short symmetrical nails then a ripped one!
These are pretty cool, I really like having my middle finger and ring finger be accent nails. That’s my favorite!
Thank you so much for reading and I’ll keep you updated on the upgrade of my room and post like normal! And please comment me some ideas!Boards
recommend me some "jazz influenced" music
Rock/Prog/Metal, whatever you like really. i know it's quite vague but i'm not sure how i can be more specific.
i like The Mars Volta, Youthmovies, Ephel Duath, The Dillinger Escape Plan & volcano! maybe that'll help.
Meshuggah
...
Meshuggah? Jazz?
i've got Chaosphere
i like bits of it, not sure that i "get" the whole album though, it'll take some time i reckon.
John Zorn
Naked City
There's actually more jazz influenced stuff out there than you can shake a stick at, whether they know it or not. It's a bit like asking for rock influenced music.
yeah i know what you're saying
i ment bands that you can actually hear the jazz influence, like the ones i mentioned above.
jaga jazzist
clue in the name.
Steely Dan
Soft Machine
Wigwam
In the Kingdom of Kitsch You Will Be a Monster
Such a great album. Reckon you'll be into it judging by the other stuff you mentioned
Sorry,
It's by Shining. They're Norwegian.
Now this is my type of music...
If you're going to check out Shining, also try the album Grindstone - really good. Some other recommendations...
The Mass - I just bought their 2 albums off of mug_mug_mug. Very jazz metal, lots of sax. Highly impressed, definitely worth looking into.
Yakuza - pretty heavy and quite techy, but good use of sax and also have quite a "world music" feel in places. Perhaps start with the album Way Of the Dead, but the 2 albums after are both good.
Friendly Bears - slightly out there rock with a free jazz vibe - lots of trumpet and general jazz feel. Check out the album "On Oceans, Light, and Sleep", it's good but not easy listening.
Kayo Dot - prog, metal, jazz, chamber music. One of my favourite bands, lots of multi-instrumentation. "Choirs Of the Eye" is an amazing album and the new album "Blue Lambency Downward" is the most jazz influenced. And if you like them also find Maudlin Of the Well their previous incarnation.
The Flying Luttenbachers - particularly the album "Destroy All Music". No wave punk and free jazz in one package. Crazy.
And definitely check out Naked City.
eightmileshigh
DJ Jazzy Jeff
a tribe called quest
hip hop, yo
everything good is jazz influenced
FACT
ephel duath
brilliant
oh you already like them. sorry.
try a textbook tragedy
Cornerstones:
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scatman_John
Karate?
They were jazzy.By Lindsay Starr Platt
Correspondent
Belton City Council met Tuesday night at the Harris Community Center. The meeting was called to order with special recognition and a trophy presented to Belton Law Enforcement Post for winning first place in the Second Annual Central Texas Law Enforcement Explorer Competition. Belton Chief of Police, Gene Ellis presented the youth with the trophy and they were applauded for their hard work.
Ellis also mentioned that on Monday at 7:30 there will be a memorial to honor fallen police officers at the police station.
“Blessings to all of our officers,” said Mayor Marion Grayson, City of Belton.
Ellis had the chance to discuss with the council the considerations to donate a police dog to the City of Harker Heights Police Department. The consideration was approved unanimously and Harker Heights Police Chief Mike Gentry thanked Ellis and the City of Belton for their generosity to give “Chico” a career after his partner retired.
“We recently retired one of our award-winning dogs and we have a young handler that is ready for a dog,” said Gentry. “We had a dog retire and they had a handler retire. We will retrain this dog and the handler in a few months. We have the capability to make use of Chico past his retirement. Gene is my friend and you Belton are my partners and friends.”
“Retirement is not the best option for Chico,” said Ellis. “Chief Gentry’s motto is always “Yes”. We have a great relationship with Harker Heights.”
Council approved the considerations and approved to award the bid to APAC for the 2016 Street Chip Seal and HMAC Overlay Project. Overlays will begin in August and Chip Seals will start in September with the project having a deadline of October 2016.
“Belton is going to be beautiful,” said Grayson.
APAC was the only company whose bid was put in for both the overlay and chip seal contract. The total cost in the bid is $1,782,245.
“If we are not getting that many bidders, could we just put a band-aid on it and wait for more bidders?” said David K. Leigh, Mayor Pro Tem, City of Belton.
“Maybe we could get the bids out in January instead of April. But, it is the cost of oil that can change so much,” said Angellia Points Director of Internal Services/City Engineer, City of Belton.
City of Belton, Director of Finance, Brandon Bozon presented to council both the proposed water and sewer budget for FY 2017 and the proposed drainage budget for FY 2017.
“Every time it rains this man (Byron Sinclair, Director, Public Works, City of Belton) is checking thins out,” said Points. “Connell Street opened today as well.”
Belton City Manager Sam List presented annual goals and priorities from city departments.
“The week after Christmas if trash and recycling could come two times, even if we pay more,” said Leigh.
Ed Bandas, Retail Development Coordinator, City of Belton, mentioned Belton needs to make sure developers know they exist.
“We need to recertify Belton with the Texas Main Street program,” said Bandas.The 7 p.m. Maundy Thursday worship service at First Presbyterian Church, 305 E. Main St. in downtown, will include Holy Communion commemorating Jesus’ last supper with his disciples.
Before the service, a light meal will be served at 6:30 p.m. in the fellowship hall.
The church will mark Good Friday with worship beginning at noon and including Stations of the Cross, a family-friendly spiritual pilgrimage in downtown with meditation on Passion Week texts.
This service, which First Presbyterian and St. Philip’s Episcopal Church have held for many years as a joint project, will begin at St. Philip’s, 403 E. Main St., and end at First Presbyterian.
Never miss a local story.
Two services are set for Easter Sunday. The first at 9 a.m. will be a brief event with Holy Communion in the Memorial Garden at back of the church.
The second at 11 a.m., also including celebration of Holy Communion, will be in the sanctuary.
The One Great Hour of Sharing offering will be received during worship. This offering will be used to provide relief to those affected by natural disasters, provide food to the hungry and assist in helping to empower the poor and oppressed through Presbyterian Disaster Assistance, Presbyterian Hunger Program and the Self-Development of People under the auspices of the church.
All are invited to join the spiritual pilgrimage taking participants to specified spots in downtown and to the worship services at the church on Sunday.
Joint services
St. Joseph’s Episcopal Church, 1902 W. Main St., will join with the Episcopal Center at Duke University in offering special Holy Week and Easter services.
Morning prayer at 7:30 a.m. and evening prayer at 5:30 p.m. are offered Monday through Friday.
The 6 p.m. Maundy Thursday service will include Holy Eucharist with foot washing and an Agape meal in the parish hall.
On Good Friday, Stations of the Cross will begin at noon with Good Friday liturgy at 6 p.m.
Holy Saturday will include the 10:30 a.m. liturgy and a 6:30 p.m. Easter Vigil.
The 10:30 a.m. Easter Sunday service will include Holy Eucharist.
Holy Cross schedule
Holy Cross Catholic Church, 2438 S. Alston Ave., has announced its schedule for Holy Week:
▪ Palm Sunday liturgy, 10 a.m.
▪ Holy Thursday liturgy, 7 p.m.
▪ Good Friday service, 3 p.m.
▪ Easter Vigil liturgy, Saturday at 8 p.m.
▪ Easter Sunday liturgy at 10 a.m.
Joint worship
The congregations of Emmanuel AME and St. Joseph AME churches will worship together at 6:30 p.m. on Maundy Thursday. The service will be held at Emmanuel AMEC, 2018 Riddle Road.
The Rev. Ronald L. Owens, pastor of St. Joseph, will bring the message.
All are welcome.
‘Introduction to Grief’
Growing Thru Grief, a local coalition of Triangle-area Christian churches and supporting organizations, is offering a six-week “Introduction to Grief” series at its regular grief support gatherings from 4:30 to 6 p.m. Tuesdays from April 7-May 12 at St. Paul’s Lutheran Church, 1200 W. Cornwallis Road.
This program includes core education on the grief process and small group discussion. The Rev. Heidi Gessner, UNC Hospital’s Palliative Care Chaplain and Bereavement Coordinator, will lead the six-week program.
The program begins at 4:30 p.m. but participants are invited to come at 4 p.m. for refreshments.
All are welcome.
From Dachau to Durham
A memorial sculpture commissioned to mark the site of the burial of ashes from victims of the Dachau concentration camp will be unveiled on Sunday, April 26, in the Durham Hebrew Cemetery.
The sculpture by noted local sculptor Mike Roig was commissioned by the Center for Holocaust, Genocide and Human Rights Education and two local synagogues: Beth El Synagogue of Durham and Kehillah Synagogue of Chapel Hill.
The ashes were given to a United States Army soldier at the time of the camp’s liberation. They were hidden away in a drawer for nearly 70 years and came to light in 2013 when the son of the soldier wanted to find a dignified burial for the remains.
In an emotional service in May of 2014, attended by Holocaust survivors, World War II refugees, veterans and liberators and hundreds of people from local communities, the ashes were interred in the Durham Hebrew Cemetery.
The.
Contact Flo Johnston at fjohnston314@gmail.com or call 910-361-4135.Luna water polo, Water Polo baseball news may encourage student-athletes to apply via early decision. Students who are considering applying via early decision should be aware of the rules and obligations that this commitment entails. Beyond consideration for Luna Community College water polo, you may think about State College of Florida Manatee online resources for complementary electives to your primary course of study.
Basketball Coach
IMG Academy
Cultivate a Varsity Basketball program that is rooted in integrity, growth, learning, passion and teamwork.If your lawn is too small to justify a riding lawn mower but too large to use a manual push mower then your best option is a Push Assist Lawnmower that will help you get around your yard without the need to push a heavy mower.
When they work right a Push Assist Lawnmower will carry all the weight of the mower and a full bag of clippings or leaves. All you need to do is walk behind it at a modest pace.
When you need to get under or around bushes or in tight areas you simply let go of the assist lever and it becomes a standard mower that you can push and pull at your own pace.
The Drives on these lawnmowers are really not that great. You can expect yearly maintenance and although there are no adjustable parts the wheels are often plastic while the gears that drive them are steel and this means they won’t last very long.
A pair of drive wheels for our Craftsman Lawnmower cost about $10 a piece so $20 for parts then add shipping or the gas to drive to the Sears Outlet .. and every year we end up replacing a set. Unfortunately all brands are the same. Steel on Steel gear sets are not available probably because they would end up causing more problems.
The second weak spot is the Transmission. You can expect to get 5 to 7 years out of the transmission. Ours is about dead. You can tell it is about dead because it will not release for non power assisted moving, the wheels lock when the engine is off, and also when the engine is on one wheel is slower and weaker then the other.
Finally you have the drive belt. They are basically standard automotive fan belts or accessory belts. they have a v shape and fit into pulleys that are mounted on the shaft that exits the engine just above the cutting blade and then run to the transmission just above the axle for the front wheels.
Although it may be possible to replace the drive belt with a Automotive belt the kits you order from your manufacturer will also include a transmission mount bolt and spring. They need to be replaced when you replace the belt because flexing of the spring over time will cause it to become stiff.
Replacing Your Lawnmower Drive Belt
Ok so lets get started replacing this drive belt.
The first thing you need to do is remove the spark plug wire and tape the opening so no spark can get to the combustion chamber. Accidents do happen and if you have heard the horror stories I have you would never forget this step. We won’t go into it here in detail but Professionals I have met have lost parts of fingers doing this for a living and they have told me of people with worse outcomes.
The tools are pretty basic for this job you will need
Socket Wrench Set
Screwdriver and or Pry bar
Small brush
To replace the drive belt on your lawnmower you most likely will not need to remove the cutting blade or pulleys.
Starting with the lawnmower on all four wheels remove the deck cover that protects the drive belt. It should be one or two bolts that hold it in place.
Now place the lawnmower on its side so you can access the blade area and clean the cover and mounting bolts on the bottom belt cover.
Remove the bottom cover and then clean all of the grass and debris from the cover.
Inspect the belt and take note of the way the belt fits through the deck opening.
To remove the belt you will need to place the mower back on all four wheels and press the transmission pulley towards the engine to produce enough slack that the belt will come off.
Compressing the transmission spring enough to produce the slack is difficult because as springs get old they get stiff. You will see that your replacement spring compresses much easier. Take your time and compress the spring. If you just can not get it loose you can cut the spring bolt and remove the belt.
The belt will slip out from under the lawnmower. Place the lawnmower on its side and remove the belt noting how you have to slide it around the housing and blade to get it off because installing the new belt will be the exact opposite. You should not have to fight it to get it off once you get it off the transmission pulley.
Install the new belt and place the end through the deck opening.
You will now need to cut off the transmission mounting bolt if plastic and remove the old spring. If your mounting bolt is not plastic you will need to follow manufacturers directions on how to remove it.
Replace the spring and mounting bolt BEFORE you try to mount the new belt. If you mount the belt first you will never be able to align the spring bolt and it should be a locking bolt which means you only get one shot at it.
Make sure that the belt is attached to the engine shaft pulley then run one edge of the belt around the outside of the transmission pulley on the top side of the lawn mower.
Just like when you took the belt off you will need to compress the spring to get the belt around the pulley. This will take some brute force so be careful and maybe ask someone to help.
Once the new belt is on both pulleys you can attach the lower cover under the lawn mower.
Keep the top cover off and test your work by running the engine with power assist enabled.
Make sure the belt does not slip when you have the lever fully engaged at the lawnmower handle.
You can now replace the top cover.
Final Note about replacing your lawnmower push assist belt
This is not a difficult job but it does take some muscle to get the belt over the pulleys.
It is also a slightly dangerous job working on your lawnmower with it tilted on its side. You must remove and protect the end of the spark plug wire from contacting the spark plug while working. Take this precaution seriously or bring your mower in for service. This is not a joke and not a game.. take it serious.Mother’s Day
What I wanna know is, why do we only get ONE??? I think it should be a whole week for cripes sake!
Im sure its some conspiracy or something, “give the gals a day of their own so they wont squawk about the fact that all the rest of the holidays are about men” kinda thing….think I’m kidding? Pop Quiz: name a holiday that is about a famous woman. BZZZZZZ time’s up. Anyone? Yeah, thats what I thot. Women get to sorta cash in on Valentines day, so thats alright I guess, but come ON people!
Well enuff of the rant, time to get all sentimental and stuff. Ive got 3 kids, two grown daughters and a 7yr old son still at home. Let me tell ya, raising kids aint for the faint of heart! My daughters were a handful growing up, particularly the younger one, but nobody could prepare me for just how different BOYS are! And Im not talking the Venus/Mars thing either. Who else would sit in your lap and cuddle with you only to say “Ive got a present for ya” and fart in your face??? (Im not ashamed to say, I laffed as loud as he did! Guess Im still a big kid). Or the fact that everything is automatically a weapon? Where is that coming from? Are all boys just mini soldiers or whatever??? And to think I was worried that he might suffer from no male influence, me being a single mom and all….no worries there folks, let me tell ya! And the fact that the most amazing things turn up in the washing machine, no one prepared me for that either! Course, all of that pales when I remember that this same young man asked me to marry him, and that he loves me “past God!” That is what makes it all worthwhile. So to all my fellow Mothers out there,mtGurlMembers
Content count1
Joined
Last visited
Community Reputation0 Neutral
About nmtGurl
- RankNew Community Member
Celiac Specialists In Boston
nmtGurl replied to Hornet's topic in Celiac Disease - DoctorsI saw Dr. Sheth last March and should have heeded the warnings. He was, of course, the only one available so quickly. I took it because I was feeling so terrible and wanted answers. I really didn't get any. I waited over an hour to see him, his asst did all the work and when the Dr showed up, it was for 5 min and said I most likely had IBS, but to go gluten free. After a few weeks, lab results said my vit D was scary low(low teens) and was given prescription vit D. I've called 3 times since April to request lab results be sent to me so I can see where my other values are (still have no clue what my B's and iron were) and still have not received them. Dr. Sheth went on a month long vacation the day after my appt. So when his asst called to tell me about my low vit D, he wasn't sure what the DR wanted to do (since he wasn't even in the country!) as far as a biopsy since my celiac test was neg, but I had some low values and very high CRP and ESR rates. My phone calls were rarely returned and after going gluten free the day after my appt, I didn't want to go back on gluten after 2 months free to have a biopsy (since he was gone so long!). I'm pretty disgusted with my experience with him and his office. Since being gluten free, I feel a ton better, but still have some issues. Thought about making an appt to see Dr. Kelly or Dr. Cheney...but not sure if it's worth it at this point.The median home value in Buras, LA is $76,300.
This is
lower than
the county median home value of $215,900.
The national median home value is $185,800.
The average price of homes sold in Buras, LA is $76,300.
Approximately 72.67% of Buras homes are owned,
compared to 13.11% rented, while
14.22% are vacant.
Buras real estate listings include condos, townhomes, and single family homes for sale.
Commercial properties are also available.
If you see a property you’re interested in, contact a Buras real estate agent to arrange a tour today!
Learn more about Buras Real Estate.Nevada Auto Transport Companies & Services
Get up to 7 free auto shipping quotes from the largest, most trusted Nevada auto transport companies and save up to 50% on your car shipping rates at CarMoves.com. Car shipping companies in Nevada compete for your business, which is how you can save hundreds, if not thousands of dollars on car transport services by shopping with us. Whether you're shipping a car to Nevada, across the country, or even overseas, we can help you get the best price on your shipment - guaranteed!
Nevada Auto Transport CompaniesRead more about the following auto transport companies in Nevada NevadaNevada car shipping companies are very commonplace. These companies strive to transport your vehicle quickly and safely across the Southwest and the rest of the country. The majority of shippers provide car transport services that include:
Moving to Nevada: Lifestyle, Popular Attractions and MoreNevada is one of the largest states in the US, but this large western state also has a relatively small population. Other than a few distinct locations, the Mojave Desert, which blankets the state, resembles a vast wasteland of dust and uninhabitable areas. In fact, the federal government owns what amounts to 80% of the land in Nevada, which, in the past, was frequently used for nuclear weapons testing. Despite this, over 2.7 million live in the state, the majority of which are concentrated in and around the Las Vegas metropolitan area. Las Vegas is, of course, the infamous gambling capital of the world, a city known more for its seedy reputation and illicit activities than, perhaps, any other in the country. The highlight of Las Vegas is the infamous Las Vegas Strip, which is actually not an incorporated part of the city itself. On the strip, 15 of the world's 25 largest hotels can be found for surprisingly affordable rates. Buffets, elaborate performances, gigantic pools, and numerous card games and slot machines are just some of the major activities that appeal largely to adults. In contrast to many states, Nevada has very liberal laws regarding alcohol, including allowing open containers in public on the Strip, as well as allowing bars to stay open 24 hours a day with no last call. On the other hand, Nevada state drug laws are still somewhat archaic, with minimum sentencing guidelines for possessors of an ounce or more of marijuana. More recently, revised laws have largely decriminalized less than an ounce of marijuana, and have legalized medical marijuana. Besides the state's large school districts, the majority of jobs are employed by the hotels on and surrounding the strip. A major real estate bust has left many Nevada cities in trouble, with Las Vegas, in particular, experiencing severe financial crisis due to the large number of foreclosed and empty homes. With the weakened economic state, the Las Vegas Strip and cities like Reno have struggled to maintain the tourism rates that once supported virtually their entire economy. Still, one positive of living in Nevada is that housing is very cheap. As the local job market moves away from tourism and expands the economic infrastructure to include more corporate businesses and schools of higher education, Nevada's economy should stabilize in the following decades.
Nevada Facts & Figures
Population: 2,700,551
Capital: Carson City
Capital: Carson City
Landmarks: The Las Vegas Strip Lake Tahoe Sierra Nevada Mountains Old Las Vegas Mormon State Historic MonumentHelen Beard, British tourist hero who saved falling baby in Florida hotel, receives special awardBy Angel Cuala on Apr 23, 2011 in United States •
Helen Beard, the British tourist who recently saved a falling baby girl in a hotel in Florida, received a special award on Friday, April 22, 2011.
Helen Beard awarded
Image Credit: CNN.com
As reported at CNN, Ms. Beard from Workshop, England was given by a ‘Medal of Merit’ by local government officials and businessmen on Friday, and became an instant hero on Thursday.
Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demmings was among the officials present when the the 44-year old data analyst from UK received the award.
The UK tourist turned-hero was also given passes and gift certificates to three theme parks in Orlando.
“We heard shouts and I turned around, I was able to run over and catch Jah-Nea,” Helen Beard said, as answering to questions during a mini press conference on Friday.
“It all happened so fast, I just sat with her and tried to calm her down while everyone was panicking around me.” Beard added.
As reported earlier, Helen Beard saved 2-year old Jah-Nea when she fell from the fourth floor of Econo Lodge Inn and Suites at around 9 p.m. (local time), who was at the pool when the incident happened.
Apparently, Beard was with her partner Philip Charlesworth and her 10-year old, Ben, in the hotel for a vacation that day.
Authorities revealed that Helena Myles, Jah-Nea’s mother, left her baby to a friend named Dominique Holt who lived on the next room of the hotel.
However, Holt admitted that she was in the bathroom and Jah-Nea may have crawled outside through the slightly opened door.
Baby Jah-Nea was immediately rushed to Arnold Palmer Hospital and was reported to be unhurt, and no charges were filed.
Spread The News!
Follow @BatangasTodaythanks for all the responses on my last post, it was interesting to hear the wide and varied opinions! after making this skirt, my own opinion is rather torn, but i’ll get to that in a bit.
first of all, i’m very pleased with how this skirt came out. it is just as i imagined and will be great for fall-wearing. the fabric is rayon and perfectly opaque enough to not require a lining. it’s ever so slightly heavier than some other rayons i’ve worked with and has a twill weave on the right side. that twill weave caused a nightmare for hemming! oy. didn’t think i would ever get that hem evened out! i let it hang for two days and it stretched anywhere from 1/2″ up to almost 2″. usually the growth will happen at least symmetrically, but… no. this one was cray cray. add to that the fact that the stitched pleats made it so i couldn’t fan the skirt out and just measure. i ended up putting it on my dress form, measuring from the waist and just hacking away until it looked even. it’s not perfect, but i’m not in the mood to keep futzing with it!
so what are my final thoughts on this pattern? first the good:
i think the pleated version is nicely drafted. many people are concerned about full skirts and having excess fabric at the waist. to overcome this, the skirt pieces have an a-line shape, and pleats that fan out. this skirt has a 90″+ hem, so really it’s the best of both worlds: full skirt, sleek tummy.
i love the belt loops for being able to add a skinny belt, but they also blend in if i choose to go sans belt.
the waistband is a perfect width—not too skinny, not too fat. i chose not to interface the waistband, but instead underline it with muslin. i can’t seem to get good results fusing onto rayon, it always ends up puckering after a wash or two. underlining gives the waistband plenty of structure while not being stiff.
the sizing seems accurate. and since you only have one measurement, it really should be. that said, i finally got smart and went up a size from what i measured for. i have a fairly high waist, and prefer that my skirts sit an inch or two lower. so, i measured where i wanted the skirt to sit and cut my size accordingly. revolutionary, i know, but with as little ease as this is designed for, i didn’t want to fight with it every time i wore it. plus, being a fall skirt, i may have bulkier shirts to tuck in. plus, plus… i can cinch it in with a belt. i should have raised the pockets though, because now they sit pretty low. oops.
alright, now the less-than-good:
the directions and construction methods on colette patterns continue to confound me. they call for so much hand stitching, basting and frankly, techniques that don’t provide professional clean results. on the pleats, you are supposed to baste them, press them, edgestitch them, then remove the basting. why? because my rayon was kinda funky to work with, i basted them by hand on the front piece (i was afraid that bringing the skirt to and from the machine so much might cause the waist to stretch out). there are 16 pleats altogether, so this is not for the faint of heart! on the back pieces i basted by machine, and everything was fine. however, removing the basting was quite a chore. and i can’t see a good reason for removing the basting, so i’ll definitely skip that next time. or just not stitch down the pleats at all. i think in a nice drapey fabric, stitching the pleats wouldn’t be super necessary if you are disinclined.
and then the waistband directions were a bit strange. you are instructed to sew the edges of the waistband before sewing the waistband to the skirt. however, it is so much easier to sew the waistband to the skirt first, then finish the ends. i opted to skip basting the inner waistband before topstitching, and just pinned and went for it, as is my custom.
also, if you plan to make the belt loops, do yourself a favor and don’t use the pattern piece. it is way too small. i cut mine 1/4″ wider, and a couple inches longer. you sew the belt loop piece lengthwise, turn the tube right side out, then cut into six belt loops. i always find that the ends get a bit beat up in the tube turning process, and then you only have 1/8″ to turn under on each end of the belt loop when you sew it on. that, my friends, is just not enough. after struggling with the original piece for about 5 seconds, i recut a piece so i would have 1/4″ to turn under on each side and that was perfect. you’d think such a simple thing as belt loops they’d get right… weird.
lastly, i bought the .pdf version and there is something wrong in the printing. when scaled at 100% my test square was larger by more than 1/8″. i adjusted the scale until i got the test square right, but then the margins were off. the pattern indicates that the margin is 6″ x 10″ and when the test square was the right size, the margins were not. so… i guess i’m not sure which is faulty: the test square or the margins. i noticed that a few other people had issues with the skirt pieces being too small, so i wonder if the .pdf is faulty. my pieces matched up fine, so… this is kind of a question mark.
i realize this is a lot to say over a skirt, so yippie if you made it to the end of the post! overall, i like the skirt and the pattern a lot. not thrilled about the construction techniques, but i tend to go my own way so this doesn’t make much difference to me, though it may to you, which is why i’m putting it out there. this is billed as a beginner pattern, and the gathered skirt i imagine would be beginner friendly. the pleated version… maybe not so much. with sixteen pleats to manage, a lot could go wrong.
okay, i’m done!
links: zinnia by colette patterns | chambray archer by grainline
—lisa g.
52 thoughts on “colette patterns | zinnia”
Good to hear, although kind of a bummer that even with such a simple style they have janky stuff happening in the pattern and the directions. I too hate it, HATE IT when patterns have you do impossible things like the belt loop conundrum when there is so many other ways that are easier!!!! I used to test Colette Patterns and I have to say, I would give them feedback on things that I felt needed to be rechecked with the pattern, sewing methods that could be drastically improved and still, when the final pattern came out – nothing was different. The only time it was different was when I tested the Lady Gray. So sad, but you know, whatever.
So sorry, I forgot to say that your skirt is darling! You are totally rockin it with those red tights to boot! Love!
thanks sunni, i think this skirt will get a lot of wear! and it’s too bad CP would completely ignore tester’s comments about construction, etc. maybe i’m just confused as to who their target customer is… someone who likes unnecessarily complicated directions? strange!
I came off sound rude and arrogant in my previous comment. Suffice it to say that I didn’t realize that when testing a pattern, not everyone would have the same problem as I when encountering certain things – something I didn’t really even stop to think about until someone pointed it out! I’m only on one side of the coin, so I definitely do not see what happens at the other end when all the feedback comes back and you have to make sense of everything. This goes for pattern directions too, I think and not just problematic drafting issues.
Whoops, hit enter before I was finished. It is possible that this pattern was tested by several beginners who felt that things like the waistband situation/direction was easier than the the converse way of doing it??? I don’t know. Sometimes when I’m teaching beginners to sew, things that I think are like easier than pie are not for them and it is surprising at what they think is easy and what is not. OK, I’m done – sorry about the kajillion responses here. You’re going to think I’m a stalker, and I kind of am so there’s that.
haha it’s okay… stalk all you want! and that is true, perhaps they thought this type of waistband construction would be easier than the traditional way of doing things. as my skills develop i find what works best for me and others do the same–no doubt we all work out different methods to achieve the same end! i guess we’re just passionate about our craft 🙂
I love how honest and helpful your reviews are! Thank you!!
you’re very welcome, i try my best to keep it all real here!
thanks for the honest review, nice to hear your thoughts! your zinnia turned out wonderful anyways. perfect for fall!
thank you, i am pleased with the skirt!
This is a great-looking skirt and the pleats look incredibly flattering! I like your autumnal outfit, too. It’s nice to know that you have the skills to overcome a confusing pattern.
thanks! i’m sure i’ll come back to this pattern in the future. 🙂
I love your skirt. It is perfect for fall. I did not have any luck with the 3 Colette patterns I tried. I gave up on them. I so wanted them to work for me but for the price the frustration was not worth it.
thank you! and there are so many other patterns to pick from, no sense in beating you head against the wall for something that’s just not working!
Lisa, I absolutely adore your Zinnia! That fabric makes for such a lovely piece for fall. Gorgeous!
As another early Zinnia sewist, I totally endorse your complaints about the instructions that accompany the pattern. I looked at them, wondered why anyone would ever put in a waistband that way, then went with a traditional insertion. Despite years of sewing experience, I’ve never seen an insertion method so needlessly convoluted! When I first began sewing, I loved Colette for the ease of their instructions, but they seem to have devolved in clarity over time. You are completely correct – the gathered version is the way to go, for beginners. I wouldn’t feel comfortable recommending the pleated version, no matter how lovely it turns out, without substantial precautions first.
Again, though, yours is rockin’! I have some autumnal rayon laying around that may become a copycat.
thanks so much, this fabric has my favorite fall color combos so i’m excited to wear it! copy away!
and sometimes i feel like it’s just me being picky about stuff, but if i were putting a product out i would want every little thing perfect. glad to know others share my view!
Really liked your honest review, I’d already decided this skirt wasn’t for me – now I’m sure!
sorry to dissuade you, it is a lovely skirt! but hey, we don’t all have to run out and buy every pattern!
Your skirt is darling!
I very much appreciate your review — I was on the fence about Zinnia, and now I think I’m pretty much off the fence. Don’t think I’ll be buying this one. Seems overly complicated for a silhouette I can get elsewhere for less with better instructions. A quick question: I read on another blog that the PDF is 77 pages long–is that right? Seems ridiculously long for such a simple pattern.
thanks! it is a large pdf… i printed only one version (one nice thing about CP pdfs are that they include different printing options) and it was 40 pages long–still longer than i would have expected, but the skirt pieces are pretty big. the directions were another 20-odd pages, but i didn’t print them. so yeah, if you print the entire file it is super long.
I love your skirt! The fabric is just beautiful! Like others have commented, I really appreciate the detail you go into when reviewing the patterns you’ve made. It’s so helpful. I’m going to take a pass on this pattern. I think the pleated version would be the most flattering for me, but I’m not sure that I’m ready to ‘negotiate the pleats’.
thank you, the fabric does make me so happy. 🙂 admittedly, i wasn’t in the best headspace when i was making this skirt (a little sick, a lot busy…) so it may have felt far more cumbersome than it really was. at any rate, i don’t regret buying the pattern, i just wish the directions would have been better!
This is a great review. Once again, you manage to make a garment I have no interest in and it looks terrific on you – and exciting! I cannot believe Collette has made such a fuss out of this pattern. It’s a simple skirt. Sure, it’s adorbs on you and I’m sure on many others. But it’s not exactly pattern of the year.
that’s too funny, thanks! maybe CP should go back to releasing a handful of patterns at a time like they used to. then, a simpler pattern wouldn’t have all the attention and fanfare, but rather be a single piece in a collection–which is really how this skirt works for me.
Yikes. The general feeling I’m getting from the interwebs is that the Colette patterns honeymoon is kinda over. Yes? I know there are multiple ways to do things and end up with the same result, but if you’re not researching out there to find the most efficient and easily explained option, then I’m going to be harsh and say your job is not being done properly. One of the attractive things about Independent patterns is the potential ability to provide good instructions to those who like it. Rant aside, your skirt is lovely, and such a good match with your tights and chambray archer! I love colour 🙂 Looking great!
i don’t know, maybe we’re just expecting too much. with all the information online, and their ability to post a great tutorial post-release, perhaps the time spent on instructions is getting short-changed. no doubt, sales and feedback will guide their future. and thanks, i was’t totally sure about the red tights, i’ve had them forever but couldn’t figure out a good outfit for them. i think i like them with this skirt though!
You know that thought hadn’t actually occurred to me, but now you mention it… seems valid. I find it very easy to not care about instructions now, but then I remember back in my early days of sewing how much I relied on them! But then as your knowledge about sewing grows and you try new techniques… well, that just brings me full circle back to your comment. ha!
Oh lordy the fabric is GORGEOUS!! I recently saw a similar twilled rayon fabric in paisley which I was sorely tempted by, but wasn’t sure what to make from it + it was only 112cm wide + paisley isn’t quiiiiite my thing. I don’t think I could have passed this by though.
Like others have said – thanks for your honest review. I have so far made two Colette patterns (ginger and rooibos), which have had really good instructions; it’s a shame the last few (?) haven’t been quite so good. And they have been soo simple, unlike the unusual patterns like the Ceylon
thanks! i’ll definitely think twice about using a twilled rayon, certainly not again for a full skirt! colette really seems to be lacking in the unusual designs of their earlier days–i’d love to see them mix it up more. there’s nothing wrong with throwing in some basics (those are really my bread and butter after all!), but i bet they would be better received in a pattern collection instead of one pattern every few months.
Thank you so much for the review. I bought the pattern but I’m really hesitant to sew it until I get feedback and reviews from more experienced sewers. And I can definitely understand Sunni’s frustration when you don’t see your feedback incorporated.
sorry if this all comes off as negative, i still stand by my opinion that it is a lovely skirt pattern! i hope you get around to sewing it, you just may want to double check those waistband instructions. 🙂
I skipped this pattern too, mostly because I’m not a huge fan of pleats. The problem with pleats is, once you wear the garment and wash it, then you have to iron those suckers out! Just don’t have the patience! But also I skipped it because the last few patterns from CP seem not to have the same level of innovation as the earlier ones – I have tons of back issues of Burda and vintage envelope patterns that have garments just like this and the Laurel dress. Saving my money, for once! (I did buy the Hawthorne, though. Of course, I have yet to make it.)
However, I do really love this skirt on you, and I adore the fabric you chose. This skirt looks so quintessentially “fall” – especially the way you styled it.
i love pleats, but i do haaaaate the ironing of them after washes… i think a single years subscription to burda would give you just about every shape you could need. boy do they repeat! and thanks, as a fall-lover i’m so digging these colors!
Your skirt looks really beautiful! I love the fabric and the stitched-down pleats are really pretty, without bulkiness!
Thanks for your review of the pattern, such a pity that there are so many things faulty with the pattern and directions… It’s not like they’re giving their patterns away for free…
thank you, i will definitely enjoy wearing this skirt!
Ahhh I love this skirt on you, and the styling with the red tights and boots is fab. I think this was a great review Lisa — I didn’t read it to be negative, and for those who love the design, your commentary will help them achieve a successful result. 🙂 And holy $h!# about the growing hemline, that is NUTS! Good thing you hung it…
thanks susan! it is a nice skirt, so i look forward to seeing others make it!
Your skirt looks terrific! gorgeous autumnal colours and it goes really nicely with your chambray shirt too 🙂
thank you!
Great skirt and whatever the challenges you certainly did the pattern justice!
Beautiful skirt! Appreciate the honest review. I am not a CP person because the style is not me-although I did end up trying one with lackluster results.However this skirt is my style. But I have other patterns that can be used, at a fraction of the cost. As for instructions and construction techniques, pretty much every pattern company I have tried, Big 4, Style Arc, CP, Burda have either lacked detailed instructions, utilized ridiculous construction techniques, had terrible fit, or just had some flat out kooky details. The only patterns I have used that didn’t suffer from these issues are Grainline and Jalie. I am such a huge Grainline fan. The finishing details,instructions and drafting are a sewing trifecta. I also really appreciate her pricing. Big 4 patterns go on sale all the time, it is perhaps easier to overlook issues when you paid under $5 for a pattern.
Your skirt is gorgeous! I appreciate the honest review and didn’t take it as negative, and instead found it helpful. You pointed out issues that you encountered and that others would want to know. That is helpful … not negative.
thanks, i’m glad you see it that way! i try to keep my reviews balanced between the good and head-scratching. 🙂
Fantastic skirt and wonderful review – thank you!
I guess the takeaway is that both the fabric and the pattern have their quirks, but I’d say you got a really great result from both. I was in the ‘this pattern is so simple and basic’ camp, but I do appreciate the drafting you’ve pointed out that did go in to it. I hope that CP take all of the feedback on board. I’m not crazy about their style, but it’s good for everyone for there to be a thriving pattern industry out there, indie and otherwise.
This is fabulous! I have been thinking about making this skirt, but I never really wear skirts with two little ones running about. 😉 You may have changed my mind though! I would love for you to come link to your post in my weekly Sew Selfish linkup:
Love your skirt – the print, the way it falls, and the styling! And what a great review. I am bookmarking you:).
I know what you mean about the patterns – i think they have made a bit of a mistake in deviating from their own vision to being customer driven – asking what people want doesn’t necessarily mean that they’ll be happy with it when they get it! I adore my Juniper pants, and this winter will definitely make their last jacket. And I haven’t had time to make it, but love the shirt dress and will make that too for winter. And I am getting this pattern – your review actually pushed me go get it. I would never get a PDF of Colette’s patterns though – I hate PDFs unless they’re the only way, a la Grainline, Named, and Liesl&co. And I hate cumbersome PDFs after being spoilt by Liesl’s clever positioning, and Named’s overlapping of pieces a la Burda.
I actually think the problem is they’ve grown a little too big. Having said that, I still buy each pattern of theirs, unless it’s something like shorts which I never ever wear! I hope they continue to do well and go back to their old ways, and that the web love doesn’t go sour – I can’t say I am happy about the way I fell for a pattern recently cos of web love and deeply regretted it. I’m talking about BHL’s Anna dress – looks so cute, great packaging too but IMHO badly drafted. I’m looking at you, straight bottomed skirt panels that don’t match in length…
thanks so much for this comment! i’m right on the same page with you. CP definitely do not do pdf’s well–i think i’ll stick with their paper patterns in the future. i’m usually a tracer, so i’m curious to try out Named, and i’ve finally acquired my first Burda! i haven’t tried any BHL, but i’ve had drafting/patternmaking concerns about their product so i haven’t jumped on that ship yet. i’m a minimalist, so the fancy packaging is nice, but doesn’t sell me!
I always trace. Even if I don’t need to do adjustments. Except for circular or semi circular skirt patterns – those, I don’t. I feel exactly the same about pretty packaging, if a pattern and it’s instructions are good it can be a folded paper in a ziplock a la Sew Liberated:). I fell for the pattern after seeing quite a few cute versions and liking the idea of something simple and fast to make in linen for our hot summer. But now that I haven’t been flamed for daring to crit the latest lovefest I can say more – the drafting is terrible. I have been wracking my brain to figure out why it didn’t work for me – I may not have a perfect body, but I can use most standard patterns with a bit of grading out at the waist and sometimes a narrow upper back adjustment – This thing drooped badly, I had to keep pulling the front down and then it would creep back up. Then I looked properly at the bodice patterns, and do you know, they are exactly the same length etc. What?! how on earth can you have them the same length unless it’s for someone totally flat? And even then, the front torso is still longer! Just now, it came to me as to why the versions I’ve seen look ok and mine doesn’t. The torso is darted to fit tightly under the boobs, and the panels are drafted to fit very precisely with very little ease to one’s measurements from waist to mid-hip and then flare out. Thing is, I don’t like my clothes that tightly fitted – a woman needs to breathe! and eat! – so I sewed a very slightly smaller seam….. so my guess is that everyone’s work because they use the right size for their waist to hip so it fits really tightly and that way it’s hard for the bodice to be pulled down in back by the weight of the full skirt.
Whatever. The fact is, the panels having straight bottoms and not matching in side seam length (only in actual length) was enough to put me off – I have a 12gored (or 8gored) skirt pattern I adore by Sew Chic patterns – extremely well drafted – and the narrower gores of the 12 gore skirt are smaller than some of the Anna panels – and they have a curve at the sides of the hem. I didn’t need to trim anything at all. By Hand patterns aren’t cheap, and I feel ripped off.
Oh – if you haven’t used Burda before, I just ordered this amazing looking little gadget I saw on House of Pinheiro’s blog – a seam allowance guide that sticks (magnetised) to your scissors – I can’t wait for it to come!
Ok, long rant oer.
i just love that sewing incites so many emotions 🙂
that SA gadget looks super handy. i’ve read that burda has excellent pant drafting so i’m hoping to check that out soon!
Love this skirt! Just making up the zinnia and google image searched it for fabric inspiration- yours looks perfect on you and gorgeous with the denim shirt! Very pleased to have found your blog! Ami xx
thank you! it’s a much-loved skirt 🙂Validating visual data in qualitative research
- Cellular telephones have transformed and accelerated communications over the past four decades.
The benefits of cell phone technology are clear, most notably in the creation of an increasingly mobile and global business sector.
Descriptive statistics tell what is, while inferential statistics try to determine cause and effect.
How are decisions being made about using Channel One in schools, and for those schools that choose to use it, how is Channel One being implemented?.
[tags: Research Methodology] - Introduction This chapter aims to explain the research methodology carried out throughout the research study.
Firstly the selected research design is defined and described.Owen Bowen (1873-1967)
The artist Owen Bowen was born in Leeds, Yorkshire and after Leeds High School studied at Leeds School of Art with the Staithes Group artist William Gilbert Foster. Bowen himself was elected member of Staithes Art Club in 1904.
Owen Bowen is particularly known for his oil paintings of still life and landscapes - many of them views in Yorkshire as he settled in Leeds and established his school of painting there. He spent many summers in Robin Hoods Bay.
Bowen exhibited at the Walker Art Gallery, Royal Academy and the ROI. His paintings are held in many northern public galleries including Leeds, Rotherham and Rochdale, Harrogate Museums and Arts, Pannett Art Gallery, The Hepworth Wakefield, Kirklees Museums and Galleries, Bradford Museums and Galleries.
Paintings for sale by Owen Bowen:
Click on a thumbnail to see a larger image and more information.You’ll also get to relish composing the article more. That is, utilize an opener which is connected to your own composition subject. Writing illustrative essays isn’t easy actually on the finest of days. Writing the authentic article. By obeying these 3 actions it is possible to create a superb large quality article, in addition to in the process, enrich your analysis along with essay writing skills. Writing an university grade essay may be a tough procedure but it generally does not require to be. Hence pick a matter that is certainly suitable to your own level of authorship. Still, you may be thinking that the writing skills aren’t quite like they should really be. Obviously among the top approaches to foster your creating will be to just compose.
How To Begin An Estate Sale Business
Types of aforementioned talents include your capacity to create well, your capacity to perform excellent research, your capacity to produce initial thoughts, your capacity to claim well, etc.. You need to be clear concerning the intent behind your own article, suppose you’re writing an article which has amusing elements then your article should consist of humorous elements. Inside this essay, I’ll discuss not only the greatest way to write, but the way to think of great thesis statements for college essays. They don’t actually know how to write a superb essay body. First, they frequently can not discover the dissertation stated anywhere within the article. One should to stick to basic strategy thus far as outstanding essay writing may be involved. A superb composition farther is a balanced essay. If this is the scenario, then you are going to be blessed to obtain a level of C in your article! This process will enable you to craft much better thesis statements and much better documents.
Proposal Writing Strategies
Performing study may enrich the caliber of your essay. Still another idea would be to only understate the nasty mark by your college admission essay. Sometimes students believe they will have done lots of research however this isn’t revealed in their own levels for creating an article. To impress your teacher and receive an adequate manufacturer, remember to discover more about the subject well. The very first and most significant part writing an excellent background composition is always to recognize the issue. The following step in determining the way to publish critical essays will be to summarise in your phrases the principal points or arguments you’ve read or heard. For the purpose of the training, you’re the storyteller.
If Your Pupil Who Generally Gets N Or H Qualities Request Aid
As soon as you’ve finished your intro, it’s the ideal time to move onto the main component of your composition. Always keep in mind that you would rarely discover a superb author who’s maybe not also a lively readers. You’re creating for the state audience in order More Bonuses that your terminology need to be proper. You are going to become competent enough to distinguish between positive and negative ways of writing, and adjust your own appropriately. To begin with, stop composing stories inside your papers. Having an outstanding name will draw your customer to the write-up, the correct usage of keywords may get you visitors as well as the aforementioned details and usage of feelings will be specific your write up is going to be read. Reviewing study materials is just another great way of finding outstanding essay subjects. Nonetheless, jointly with the proliferation of the information freeway, often there is the temptation to utilize an essay instance. Abundant tips ought to be added while writing and also to do the precise one need to take aid of traditional assets together with online resources through illustration research guides, web sites to name a coupleToday Massachusetts honors Livingston Taylor as Governor Charlie Baker and Mayor Marty Walsh present a special proclamation officially declaring January 18, 2017 Livingston Taylor Day. "I can't think of a more deserving artist than my dear friend to be honored by our city and state," said Thomas P. O'Neill III.
Livingston Taylor is also celebrating 50 years of making music and the official release of his new album "Safe Home."
Read the full Boston Globe coverage here.Back to list
Contact O'Neill and Associates to learn more about our industry expertise.
Contact our ExpertsFall Fest Dinner Dance
Notice: Undefined variable: attr in /home1/sfvactso/public_html/wp-content/themes/sfv-acts-2/functions.php on line 178
The Fall Fest Dinner Dance helped ACTS to raise funds in order to support financially the combined efforts of the LA Mobile Food Bank and the St. Ferdinand Outreach Center in providing food to the hungry families of our tri-parish community.In order to save the now unemployed writers and artists some embarrassment, I will not list the writing and art credits.
My God, the '90s sucked for most Marvel Comics! I am thankful that I got all of these on frequent buyer rewards store credit and did not actually pay for any of them. I feel truly sorry for anybody that grew up on that decade's comics. I can see why people 10 or more years my junior think that modern comic book writers are so great, though. If you compare today's decompressed wunderkind writers to this stuff, it is superb. Cripes, I'll even go on record and say that Brian Michael Bendis is a top notch writer...when compared to this crap. Again, if a kid grew up on this and never read any Silver Age material, then I can see why Bendis is their lord and saviour.
Everything about these comic books is laughable, from the concepts to the writing to the artwork to the overall execution. The fact that these issues form giant, 17 part crossovers with other titles which require you to buy all of these extra issues also sucks. I am so glad that I sat this decade out. The only issue that didn't make me laugh and shake my head in disgust as I read it was issue 19. That one ascended to mediocrity.??Top.
Lets have a housing shortage! Only 225 on the market.
Keep up with the latest in Hoboken Real Estate through my free monthly Hoboken Real Estate reports.
Speak Your MindI love preaching on worship … because I love talking about the glory of God. I mean really, what better subject is there to teach on? Everything centers on the wonder of who God is and what He has done through His Son in redeeming mankind … the greatest display ever of His glory to this fallen planet. As I reflected further on this subject in my own life yesterday I remembered one of my absolute favorite quotes from one of my “hero dead guys” – George Muller, listen:
“But according to my judgment, the most important point to be attended to is this: above all things, see to it that your souls are happy in the Lord! Other things may press upon you; the Lord’s work even, may have urgent claims upon your attention. But I deliberately repeat, it is of supreme and paramount importance that you should seek above all other things to have your souls truly happy in God Himself. Day by day seek to make this the most important business of your life.”
What is being happy in the Lord other than a life of worship. Muller had it figured out and sought after this life with every breath he took. I think it looks something like this:
Not Finding Happiness in Lesser Things
Contrary to some “christian” teaching, I believe that the Gospel is about enjoying the good gifts of God on earth in anticipation of the good gifts of the new earth. Our Father isn’t about giving us stones when we ask for bread. He doesn’t shove a rock at us and tell us to make the best of it. Rather He indeed has given us “all things richly to enjoy” (1 Timothy 6:17). And it is only when we recognize them as good gifts and not little gods that we can actually enjoy them to the glory of God. When we try to suck life out of football and turkey, we ruin a good day. But when we recognize the God of all glory who redeemed us from the futile way of life we formerly walked, then (and only then) can we rightly enjoy parade-watching, warm crescent rolls, and a lazy afternoon of beating your family at cards. Why? Because we’re not trying to find happiness in those lesser things, we’re just enjoying them for what they are – little gifts from the God of glory who is the only truly satisfying Gift!
Anticipation that Fuels Contentment
I don’t live in the “holiday at the sea” that Lewis points us to, but that doesn’t mean that I should “live making mud pies in the slums” either. It’s not an either/or, but a eager anticipation over a dismal acceptance. I know that what God promises me is so much greater than anything this world as it currently is has to offer, and with such confidence I am fueled to live for so much more than mud-pie making. That doesn’t mean I’m forced to a dismal acceptance of the current situation and must coerce contentment upon myself. Nor does it mean I have to keep up a public persona of everything being “good, fine, ok” in the here and now. It actually means I can be happy in the Lord regardless of the current mud without making mud-pies my food of choice … and I can joyfully anticipate the great feast awaiting me on my holiday at the sea. That makes me happy and honest.
Everything as Worship
I think this is what Muller was getting at – When my soul is happy in God and that’s the daily business I attend to, then everything I do comes under this divine joy. I can take out the trash with joy as much as when I study the Bible. I can watch football with my sons with the same delight as I seek to help a struggling marriage in the counseling room. And when the trash stinks, my study is laborious, the game is boring, and the couple’s marriage is disintegrating, my happiness is no less real … because it’s centered on the sure foundation of Jesus, and the not the shifting sand of the stuff of life on planet earth.Last week Anita Włodarczyk, the Polish hammer thrower, beat her own record by throwing the hammer a distance of 81.08m at the Kamila Skolimowska Memorial Throws Festival at OPO CETNIEWO Central Sports Centre. “I’ve been waiting for this moment for so long and I feel incredible for being the first woman in history to throw the hammer over 80 metres,” said Anita Włodarczyk. She dedicated her throw to Kamila Skolimowska, the famous Polish hammer thrower who unexpectedly died at the age of 26 in 2009.
sportowefakty.pl
AdvertisementsWe've been living in a deep freeze here the past week with snow showers off and on. I love the snow! That's, of course, if I don't have to drive in it. Today was perfect with it starting as I was getting to work and stopping right before lunch. I've mostly been concerned about keeping warm here lately and I want to tell you that the Pottery Barn bedset I invested in is the best thing I have bought since I can remember. I have not gotten even the least bit chilly under it. I normally have a comforter and a couple quilts over me since we set our thermostat at 68 or leave the EdenPure heater set at about midways. It's chilly in the mornings but then again that's how it should be in the wintertime. We used to see who could get closest to the fireplace or fuel oil stove as a kid first thing on a frosty morning. That's what you called cold when everything fizzled out at night and the house was actually froze in the mornings :o) You can see a picture of my bedset with a link here. Love it!
As far as warm clothing, I always wear tights or thin leggings under jeans with my Ugg boots when it's really cold. I usually go with three layers on top. I did pick myself up a pair of skinny jeans I was going to wear with my new Ugg's today but the snow came. I did pick out a lovely embroidered top I got for practically nothing on ebay. If you don't shop on ebay for used clothing you should. Avoid electronics though, I haven't had luck with those. I paired the top with a long, thick sweater and I am warm as a bug in a rug today. But then again I have the furnace cranked too ♥
It's so nice to hear from you. Thanks for stopping by!/dev/world Conference
Wednesday, 15 Jul 2015
Wednesday, 15 Jul 2015
The AUC is again running it’s Apple-focussed developer conference - /dev/world - at RMIT in Melbourne, this year on August 31, and September 1.
This year’s event will be our biggest yet, with close to 40 sessions on OS X, iOS and Apple Watch development, as well as topics peripherally related to Apple’s devices, including the mobile web and open source tools.
With a range of speakers from Google, RMIT, Paypal, Sportsbet and more, speaking on a wide range of topics, this event is will answer all your questions about Apple's systems.Hey everyone!
Last week we were invited by @pork_ninjas to a tasting event at Kul Cup. They are a new dessert place on Main & 12th Street.
With so many dessert places opening up, what makes them different. To start, they serve organic soft serve ice cream made from organic Avalon milk, Avalon whipped cream, milk power, sugar and stabilizer. Which is why their soft serve ice cream is extremely smooth and creamy.
They are opened from Wednesday- Monday 12pm-10pm. But during summer time, they are planning to open 7 days a week! So make good use of this and grab some awesome organic, healthy ice cream on a hot summer day!
I ordered the Caramel Popcorn: Organic Ice Cream, Kernels Caramel Popcorn & Caramel Sauce. ($5.75) The love I have for caramel is obvious, so this was amazing 🙂
Phil ordered the Magic Cookies: Organic Ice Cream, Crunchy Oreo & Chocolate Sauce. ($5.55)
@pork_ninjas ordered the Avocado: Organic Ice Cream with Fresh Avocado, Toasted Coconut and Condensed Milk or Chocolate Sauce. ($5.75)
**This was a sponsored event**
Thanks for reading!
-Jess
2 thoughts on “Kul Cup”
Holly Molly, that popcorn ice cream looks amazing!! Thanks for sharing 😄 !
it was delicious!! 🙂 thanks for reading!
LikeLiked by 1 personSo now I’m reading up on Hefazat-e-Islam. The Guardian had a useful piece on April 16.
It starts with tensions, clashes, religious conservatives versus more moderate, progressive voices.
The most recent development is the emergence of a radical conservative Muslim party, Hefazat-e-Islam, as the standard bearer of the religious right. Earlier this month, at a huge rally in Dhaka attended by more than 100,000 according to police, the party issued 13 demands. They included the introduction of measures to stop “alien culture” making inroads in Bangladesh, the reinstatement of the line “absolute trust and faith in the Almighty Allah” in the nation’s constitution, which is largely secular, and a ban on new statues in public places. not mix in public – seen by many as a bid to stop women working outside the home – that most worried Akhter, one of tens of millions of female labourers in Bangladesh’s booming garment industry.
“If we are not allowed to work, how will we survive?” asked Akhter, who supports her elderly parents on her monthly wage of 6,500 takas (£55). “Many of our coworkers were abandoned by their husbands. Some families only have daughters, whose parents are old. What will a single mother do? We will not have any means for a living.”
Well, you starve. So do your children, and so do your parents. Sorreee.
They explain that it’s all a misunderstanding though.
“The idea that Hefazat-e-Islam is taking the country back to the medieval age through its demands is propaganda,” said Moinuddin Ruhi, joint secretary of the party. “We are not opposing women’s development … Hefazat demands women refrain from free mixing in society to avoid sexual harassment and incidents such as rape. This does not … mean we want them to refrain from going to work or study. They should go to work and study following the principles of Islam.”…Home | About Us | Contact Us | Travel Forum
Chongqing Targets Travel Service Upgrades
2007-06-23
Li Jian, president of Chongqing Municipal Transportation and Tourism Investment Group Corporation, has told local media that Chongqing will spend RMB6 billion creating itself into a travel center on the upper range of the Yangtze River .
The focus for the new venture will be on such scenic spots as Jinfoshan, Guicheng and Baidicheng. According to Chongqing's development plan, the city will be built into a travel center on the upper ranges of the Yangtze River during the 11th Five-year Plan Period.
CMTTIGC will take three of the four main travel projects of the Three Gorges, Wujiang Gallery, Dazu Stone Inscription and Shanshui City Travel. Among all the key travel projects to be constructed this year, more four-star or above hotels will be built and the service quality will reportedly be improved.
(Source:bdl, 2007-06-23)
Check out our customer testimonial to see what our customers say about us, the trustworthy China tour operator.
Enter your e-mail
Enter your questionPrint | Save | Directions
AboutDeluxe Audio & Video is located at the address 1271 Rickert Dr in Naperville, Illinois 60540. They can be contacted via phone at (630) 305-9955 for pricing, hours and directions.
For more information go to
Deluxe Audio & Video provides Schools, Design & Engineering, Satellite Television to it's customers. For maps and directions to Deluxe Audio & Video view the map to the right. For reviews of Deluxe Audio & Video see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- High Definition TVs , Stereo & Audio Equipment , Home Theater Systems , Video Equipment , Stereo Systems
SERVICES
- Residential Services , Schools , Commercial Services , Consultations , Satellite Television , Set-Up & Installation , Satellite Radio , Design & Engineering
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (630) 305-9955
Website:
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Robert
Main Contact Last Name: Servos
Main Contact Title: Owner
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsMore Than 50 Police Officers Murdered in Line of Duty in 2014
By Steve Neavling
ticklethewire.com
More than 50 police officers were murdered in the line of duty in 2014, according to new FBI statistics.
Of the 96 officers killed, 51 were killed as a result of felonious acts, the Washington Post reports.
The average number of officers killed per year in the past decade is 50.5.
Of the 51 officers, 46 were killed by guns; four were killed by cars.
The suspects were killed in 19 of the cases.
Posted: October 20th, 2015 under FBI.
Tags: FBI, killed, line of duty, officers, police, shootingWet Denim Skirt
Out of stock
SKU
4E00680_BLU
AUD$70.00
Okay, you might think this is a little 'vanilla' compared to the usual pieces that we make, but trust me - this piece is awesome. It's really versatile, very simple and basic, but has a nice shine, and a beautiful deep navy colour to give it that little bit extra. You'll wear it all the time.
Composition: 80% Nylon, 20% Spandex
Washing: Cold hand wash only
Designer: James Lillis
Made in: Australia
Pricing is based on 1-10 garments, larger orders require a custom quote.
We love these looks! Hashtag #wetdenimskirt for a chance to be featured.In a motorcycle accident? You’ll have a number of questions swirling around in your head. Get simple, plain-English answers from Mullen & Mullen Law Firm.
In part 1 of this motorcycle accident FAQ series, you learned the basics. Check out some more answers to common questions motorcycle accident victims often have:
How much money can I get?
It’s a tough question that depends on the specific facts of your case. The final answer depends on the:
- Skill and experience of the personal injury lawyer you hire
- Severity of your injuries (which impacts damages for pain and suffering, mental anguish, and physical impairment)
- Amount of your paid vs. incurred medical bills
- Whether you had any responsibility for your injuries
- Whether you have lost wages or a loss of earning capacity in the future
- Whether you will have future medical expenses as a result of your injuries
- Punitive damages (in rare cases)
You may be able to get a ballpark figure by talking to a personal injury lawyer directly.
What should I do if the other party’s insurance company contacts me?
Don’t talk to them – not even a peep. Their only goal is to get you to say something that reduces or eliminates what they have to pay you.
Claims adjusters are paid based on how fast they settle your claim, and how little they get you to settle for. You can tell them one thing – that they need to contact your lawyer instead.
How long will it take to settle my case?
For a simple case, with just a single party that causes your injuries, and only you being injured, figure several months for modest injuries and significantly longer if you sustained major injuries.
When more parties than that get involved, or if the defendant disputes the facts, the potential for litigation increases and the cases that settle will typically take more time to do so.
You can get a more accurate time frame quoted when you meet with your motorcycle accident lawyer for your free consultation.
How much does a good motorcycle accident lawyer cost?
The nice thing about this kind of lawyer is that anyone can afford the best representation possible. That’s because motorcycle accident lawyers only charge a percentage (usually 33%) of your case’s final settlement value. The fee is contingent. You only pay if you win your case and get a settlement or verdict.
Be suspicious of the firms you see on TV. They sometimes settle cases as fast as possible (and for far less than they’re worth) to maximize their own profit. They run a “numbers game”. Bigger firms sometimes have inexperienced junior attorneys do all the real work on your case.
Look for a small firm, with about 10-15 employees or so, and 3-5 lawyers. They are often best equipped to give your case the time and attention it deserves so you get the biggest settlement possible.
When should I try to find a motorcycle accident lawyer?
Any time you’ve been injured, and when you think the other party bears some responsibility for your injuries, at least talk to a lawyer. The worst they’ll tell you is that you don’t have a case.
So, hopefully this answers most of your questions about motorcycle accident injury claims. And remember, if you’re confused or not sure, you can always give an injury lawyer a call.
Yes, you might be scared because you’ve met a rude or arrogant lawyer in the past. But, many exist who care about you and have a friendly and compassionate attitude that puts you at ease.RangeBase.OnMaximumChanged Method (Double, Double)
.NET Framework (current version)
System.Windows.Controls.Primitives
Assembly: PresentationFramework (in PresentationFramework.dll)
Assembly: PresentationFramework (in PresentationFramework.dll)
Parameters
- oldMaximum
- Type: System.Double
Old value of the Maximum property.
- newMaximum
- Type: System.Double
New value of the Maximum:Coalition, Conservative, David Cameron, economy, government, health, Labour, Mike Sivier, mikesivier, Parliament, people, politics, Tories, Tory
So have you seen the latest about Andrew Lansley and his health reforms?
It seems the Commons Health Select Committee, chaired by his forerunner as Health Minister, Stephen Dorrell, has released a report saying that hospitals have been “salami slicing” their services as they try to find £20 billion in efficiency savings while Mr Lansley busily refoces the NHS towards privatisation around them.
It said the process “continues to complicate the push for efficiency gains”, it was far from certain whether the targets will be met, and there was a “marked disconnect between the concerns expressed by those responsible for delivering services and the relative optimism of the Government” over achieving cuts. In other words, Mr Lansley was misrepresenting the situation.
Lansley has insisted that the report is out of date and unfair and that patient care is not suffering due to his reorganisation. Well he would, wouldn’t he?
The MPs’ report follows statements of “outright opposition” to the Health and Social Care Bill being debated by Parliament, by the British Medical Association (BMA), the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) and the Academy of Medical Royal Colleges – representing doctors, nurses and midwives.
According to Labour leader Ed Miliband, speaking in Prime Minister’s Questions on January 25, no less than 98 per cent of GPs want the bill withdrawn – and these are the people who are supposed to be benefiting from it!
How far can Mr Lansley be trusted on this? Well, do you remember last November, when his Department for Health was ordered to publish its analysis of the risks that his shake-up of the NHS poses for the health service, after a year-long battle to keep it secret, because it might harm the Health Bill’s passage through Parliament? It still hasn’t seen the light of day.
What about when Mr Lansley said that some NHS trusts were on the brink of collapse due to having to honour Private Finance Initiative contracts arranged with the previous Labour government, last September – and then the trusts he mentioned furiously contradicted him? They said their problems were caused by his edict that they should cut their budgets by four per cent every year for the next four years.
There’s the revelation that the Department of Health inflated the costs of NHS operations in its reports to MPs, in order to make private operations – and therefore private providers – more attractive.
Take a look at one of my previous articles if you want to make a more full list of these economies with the truth.
Or does anyone remember the really big ones, back in the days of the 2010 general election? When Lansley’s boss, David Cameron, said there would be no top-down reorganisation of the health service if he became Prime Minister? Immediately after taking power, the Health and Social Care Bill was announced. Lansley himself admitted on the BBC’s Question Time that he had been working on it for six years prior to the election.
So when Mr Cameron said he needed only three letters to sum up his plans for the future (“N.H.S.”) we can now be assured that they stood for “No Health Service”.
There are more incidents of the Health Secretary and his Prime Minister misleading us over the effects of the Bill – and certainly over the amount of support it has from healthcare professionals, but I’ve mentioned our comedy Prime Minister so let’s move on to him.
Mr Cameron is a repeat offender when it comes to misleading the public. Take a look at this letter from Mr Miliband to him, following on from the PMQs I have already mentioned: have mentioned, in another article on this blog, that the IMF has revised its expectations of UK economic growth this year down from 1.6 per cent to 0.6 per cent. On Wednesday it was revealed that the economy in fact contracted by 0.2 per cent in the last quarter of 2011 – the run-up to Christmas, when it should have been at its busiest. Jeremy Paxman had the time of his life on Newsnight, when he told Danny Alexander the government had no idea what it was doing.
But today, Mr Cameron was at the World Economic Forum in Davos, telling other countries to be bolder if they want to see off their economic troubles. He said his government’s efforts to bring the economy under control had “earned credibility and got [the UK] ahead of the markets”.
One can’t help but wonder how many of the other world leaders were laughing up their sleeves at these comments from a man whose policies lie utterly discredited after a week of one damning report after another.
Where did he learn to play fast and loose with the facts like that?
My guess would be that it was at the Conservative Party’s Research Department (CRD) where his boss was – who would have thought it? – Andrew Lansley.
Vox Political is funded entirely by donations and book sales.
You can make a one-off donation here:
Alternatively, you can buy the first Vox Political book,
Strong Words and Hard Times
in either print or eBook format here:Simplebooklet, LLC. ("Simplebooklet" or "we" or "us") desires to protect the privacy of our online guests at (the "Site") and the Simplebooklet web applications, tools, widgets, and other services on our site and those we deploy elsewhere (collectively, 'Simplebooklet Applications'). This privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") is intended to provide you notice of our information management practices with respect to the information that we receive from the Site or through Simplebooklet Applications we deploy elsewhere, how we can use, share, retain, and dispose of that information, and the choices and consent required before we use and share that information. It is also intended to provide you notice of other important matters related to that information, such as those related to your access to your information, security, future updates to this Privacy Policy, and how you may contact us with inquiries, complaints, and disputes regarding matters covered by this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by our customers' use of Simplebooklet Applications. The privacy policy related to such information can be found at.
Your use of the Site or a Simplebooklet Application constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use (), which are hereby incorporated by reference.
1. Collection: Information We Receive
We receive information concerning individuals such as you from a variety of sources. We receive information from people who visit the Site. We also receive information from certain social media sites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube) used by us when we incorporate a Simplebooklet Application into those social media sites and the visitors to those sites voluntarily provide information by populating screens associated with that Simplebooklet Application. For example, we can deploy Simplebooklet Applications to collect information from individual users about their product preferences or other matters. The Simplebooklet Applications can be in the form of a website-based contest, survey, poll, or other information-gathering tool.
Either on the Site or through a Simplebooklet Application deployed by us elsewhere, you may voluntarily provide to us your name, address, telephone number, email address, or other types of personally identifiable information (collectively, 'Personally Identifiable Information') or other information. We may also receive other information that you voluntarily provide, such as your age, gender, education, and occupation. This information may be gathered through the Site or through a Simplebooklet Application when you, for example, register for an account, post information on the Site, or enter a promotion, sweepstakes, survey, or contest created by us. In all cases, you control the initial release and have the option of providing us, either directly or through a social media site, with the Personally Identifiable Information or other information. If you do not want to provide Personally Identifiable Information to Simplebooklet, you may choose not to.
The specific types of information we receive include the following:
Information You Provide to Us
Information about you. When you sign up for our newsletter, participate in surveys, comment on our blog, or use a Simplebooklet Application deployed by us, you are likely providing us with Personally Identifiable Information or other information concerning you.
Content. There are many opportunities for you to provide content to the Site or through a Simplebooklet Application deployed by us. In many situations, you can provide general information and your opinions, upload pictures and videos, or refer, share, or provide information to a relative, friend, or contact, whose information you provide to us.
Information We Collect from Your Computer or Internet Device
Access device and browser information. When you access the Site or use a Simplebooklet Application from a computer or other Internet device, we may collect information from that device about your browser type, location of the device, operating system, and IP address, as well as which Simplebooklet Application you use, the pages you visit on the Site, which site you came from, and which site you went to after using the Site.
Cookie and web beacon Information. We may store cookies on your computer or other Internet device. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent from a web server and stored on your device. We also occasionally use web beacons, which assist us (and our customers) to determine, for example, whether an email has been read or forwarded to someone else. We also collect and monitor aggregate data called 'web log information' (such as your web browser, operating system, pages visited, etc.) when you visit the Site and use cookies and web beacons in connection with certain Simplebooklet Applications (collectively, the "Aggregate and Statistical Data"). For instance, when you visit the Site, our web server will automatically recognize some non-personal information concerning you and your computer or Internet device, including but not limited to the date and time you visited the Site, the pages you visited, the website you came from, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, and the domain name and address of your Internet service provider.
Information We Receive from Third Parties
Social media websites. We do not own or operate the social media sites used by us that integrate Simplebooklet Applications. However, whenever you provide information through a Simplebooklet Application, we likely will receive information not only from you, but also from the relevant social media site, including information about actions you take and perhaps some additional information that the social media site previously collected. Most of the Simplebooklet Applications are set up to collect Personally Identifiable Information and other information. When this information is collected by a Simplebooklet Application, we collect the information (a) fairly, without intimidation or deception, and (b) lawfully, adhering to all relevant rules of law, whether derived from statute or common law, relating to collection of personal information.
Information from other websites. We may obtain information from partners and other websites that share information with us. For example, we may ask others to tell us additional information about you or how you responded to ads or offers.
Information from other users. We may receive information about you from our customers or other users. This information may include Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name and email address and may include other information, such as your connections with others or exchanges of information between you and another user.
2. Quality, Use, Disclosure, Retention, and Disposal: How We Can Use and Share Your Information
Maintaining the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information is important to us. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions of Use, we will not use or disclose to anyone your Personally Identifiable Information. We use Personally Identifiable Information only in ways that are relevant and compatible with the purposes for which that information was collected or subsequently authorized by the individual to be used, or as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy. We take reasonable steps to ensure that Personally Identifiable Information is accurate, complete, current, and reliable for its intended use. Our policy is to limit access to your Personally Identifiable Information to those of our employees who need access to it to perform their duties. Any employee who violates our privacy or security policies may be subject to disciplinary action.
We consider information that is not Personally Identifiable Information, such as answers to surveys, comments, ideas, and suggestions that do not include your Personally Identifiable Information, to be non-personal, and except as otherwise provided by contract, we are free to disclose and use such data or information without any obligation to you.
Associate You with Your Account
We may use the information that you provide us in an effort to identify and associate you with your account or to otherwise verify your identity.
Cookie-related Information
As most websites do, we use cookies for several purposes. First, we use it to track general information about our users. The information collected through cookies is not Personally Identifiable Information and we use this information for statistical, market research, and business and Site improvement purposes. We also use cookies to establish a link between your computer or Internet device and Simplebooklet. This link assures that when you return to Simplebooklet you will be able to log in without the necessity of providing your password, or helps us to avoid asking for the same information on your return visits to the Site.
Aggregate and Statistical Data
We use Aggregate and Statistical Data in the aggregate and on an individual basis to enable us and our customers to better understand the Site and our tools and services-related activity. We use it to track general information about you. We also use the Aggregate and Statistical Data to enable us and our customers to monitor their social media efforts with customizable report options that track user communications, who sees it, and where it is shared. The Aggregate and Statistical Data also allows us to (a) better troubleshoot and resolve issues, (b) provide technical support assistance, and (c) improve the Site and our offerings by enabling us to better understand which areas of the Site and Livebooklet Applications our users prefer, based on visits and usage. When we use Aggregate and Statistical Data, we do not link it to your Personally Identifiable Information. We use the Aggregate and Statistical Data we collect and share it with selected affiliates and customers in analyzing trends, the demographics of the users, and usage of the Site and Livebooklet Applications. We may use Aggregate and Statistical Data to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze Site and Livebooklet Application usage, and to improve our content and product and service offerings.
Point of Collection Purposes
Sometimes, we have specific purposes for which we plan to use your information and we describe those purposes at the point of collecting your information. For example, we may solicit your feedback in order to improve the Site or our services and products, respond to your questions or comments, register you in connection with a contest, giveaway, or drawing, respond to a request for a brochure, or to otherwise send information to you.
Vendor Services to Simplebooklet
We may share your Personally Identifiable Information and other information with our vendors, contractors, and partners in connection with services that these individuals or entities perform for or with us and our customers. These vendors, contractors, and partners are restricted from using this information in any way other than to provide services for us, and they may not share or resell that data. The services they provide may include such activities as direct mailing, fulfillment services, and email campaigns.
Acquiror of Simplebooklet
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information and other information in connection with an anticipated merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets or the Site's assets or services.
Disclosure and Use for Legal Reasons
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information and other information about you if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law or court order. We may also disclose or use your information if it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may cause or be causing harm to, or interference with, the Site or our rights or other property, other Site users, or anyone else. In addition, we may also use IP addresses in cooperation with Internet service providers to identify users if we deem it necessary to comply with laws, to enforce compliance with this Privacy Policy or contractual obligations, or to protect our customers, ourselves, or others.
Respond to Requests You Initiate
We may disclose and use Personally Identifiable Information and other information about you in order to respond to an inquiry, request, or complaint that you have made or to provide you with additional information, alerts, and updates regarding our services and products.
Deletion of Personally Identifiable Information
At your request, we will delete from our active databases your Personally Identifiable Information collected by us through the Site or a Simplebooklet Application deployed by us. We may retain such information to the extent required by law or if copies are kept in archival backups, but in no event will we use or disclose such information except as required by law. To request the removal of Personally Identifiable Information, please send us an email at support@Simplebooklet.com. See 'Your Access to and Correction of Your Personally Identifiable Information' below for additional information as to correction of your Personally Identifiable Information.
3. Choice and Consent
In accessing the Site or using a Simplebooklet Application we deploy, you do not have to provide to us your Personally Identifiable Information. We enable you the opportunity to choose (opt out) by contacting us whether your Personally Identifiable Information can be (a) disclosed to a non-agent third party, or (b) used for purposes other than the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized to be used by you.
4. Access, Security, and Other Important Matters Related to Your Privacy
Your Access to and Correction of Your Personally Identifiable Information
If you have submitted Personally Identifiable Information to us and would like to update or correct that information, please contact us at our email address, support@Simplebooklet.com, with the subject line "Privacy Policy Request" and provide us with your name, postal address, and any other information necessary to respond to your request. If requested to do so, we will use reasonable efforts to make corrections of and updates to your Personally Identifiable Information that are contained in our active databases.
Protection of Children's Personally Identifiable Information
We do not intend to collect Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under age 13 and will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose such information. If you are under age 13, do not enter any Personally Identifiable Information about yourself on our Site or through a Simplebooklet Application. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child under age 13 has submitted his or her Personally Identifiable Information to us without your permission or consent, we will make reasonable efforts to remove the information from our database, at your written request. To request the removal of your child's information, please send us an email at support@Simplebooklet.com and include in your message your child's name and the email address that your child submitted.
Security Program
We have developed and implemented a security policy and program that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect Personally Identifiable Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. In addition, we have restricted logical access to Personally Identifiable Information, and we have restricted physical access to the environment where we store that information.
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to other sites from the Site. We have no control over these external sites or their content and are not responsible for any actions they may take or any information they might collect. You may arrive at the Site or a website that incorporates a Simplebooklet Application through clicking on a banner advertisement, as part of a co-branding arrangement, or simply by selecting a link on a web page. You should be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of these sites. If you provide any information to such sites, different rules regarding the collection and use of your Personally Identifiable Information and other information may apply. Before using these linked sites, you may wish to review their privacy policies to understand how they treat privacy, security, data collection, and distribution.
Staying Informed about this Privacy Policy and Our Information Practices
Changes to our Privacy Policy. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by one of the following methods: (a) we will post a notice on the Site describing the change; or (b) we will send you an email notifying you of the change. That ensures that you can remain aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we share it.
Contacting us with questions. Questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our related information practices should be directed to us by email at support@Simplebooklet.com, with the subject line "Privacy Policy Question," or by writing to us at Simplebooklet, LLC., Attention: Customer Service, 1 Erdman Place, Suite 102, Madison, WI 53717. Please include your name, address, and any other information necessary to respond to your question. choice.
We qualify for and select the alternative option. As described above under the heading, 'Choice and Consent' you may opt out of our providing your personal contact information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like more information about our compliance with your California privacy rights, send your request to us at support@Simplebooklet.com.
EU Safe Harbor
We adhere to the U.S. Department of Commerce's EU Safe Harbor Program (the "Safe Harbor Principles") of Notice (see section on 'Quality, Use, Disclosure, Retention, and Disposal: How We Can Use and Share Your Information'), Choice (see section on 'Choice and Consent'), Onward Transfer (see section on 'Quality, Use, Disclosure, Retention, and Disposal: How We Can Use and Share Your Information'), Security (see section on 'Security Program'), Data Integrity (see section on 'Quality, Use, Disclosure, Retention, and Disposal: How We Can Use and Share Your Information'), Access (see section on 'Your Access to and Correction of Your Personally Identifiable Information'), and Enforcement (see section on'BBBOnline Program: Privacy Complaints by European Union Citizens') with respect to personal information (as defined below). We will respond to your request to access or delete personal information within 30 days as is required under the Safe Harbor program. We will adhere to the requirements of the Safe Harbor Principles with respect to sensitive information (as defined below).
For purposes of this EU Safe Harbor notice, "personal information" means data that is (a) transferred from the European Union to the United States; (b) recorded in any form; and (c) about, or pertains to, a specific individual who is identified in, or is identifiable from, the data. "Sensitive information" means personal information specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or the sex life of the individual. Sensitive information also includes personal information received from a third party where the third party treats and identifies it as sensitive.
Monitoring and Enforcement
Generally. We have a process in place to address inquiries, complaints, and disputes. Each inquiry or complaint is addressed and its resolution is documented and communicated to the individual initiating the inquiry, complaint, or dispute. Instances of non-compliance with this Privacy Policy and its procedures are documented and reported to management. If needed, corrective actions are taken on a timely basis.
BBBOnline Program: Privacy Complaints by European Union Citizens
In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles, Simplebooklet commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first send us an email at support@Simplebooklet.com.
If there is a conflict between this Privacy Policy and a legal requirement (including the Safe Harbor Principles with respect to personal information), the legal requirement will take precedence over this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy: April 1, 2011.Prairie Medical Phys Group
10330 S Roberts rd Ste 5 Ste 2 Palos Hills, Illinois 60465(708) 430-0008
Print | Save | Directions
AboutPrairie Medical Phys Group is located at the address 10330 S Roberts rd Ste 5 in Palos Hills, Illinois 60465. They can be contacted via phone at (708) 430-0008 for pricing, hours and directions. Prairie Medical Phys Group specializes in Occupational Medicine, Headaches & Migraines, Internal Medicine.
Prairie Medical Phys Group has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .For more information contact Paul Mc Farlane,
Prairie Medical Phys Group provides Occupational Therapy, Skin Rejuvenation, Primary Care to it's customers. For maps and directions to Prairie Medical Phys Group view the map to the right. For reviews of Prairie Medical Phys Group see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Rimless , Goggles , Shoe Inserts , Children's Eyewear , Orthotics , Transition Lenses , Custom Made , Supports , Pillows , Cosmetics
SERVICES
- Occupational Therapy , Rehabilitation , Birth Delivery , Skin Rejuvenation , Pulmonary Function Testing , Primary Care , Lifts , Nutrition , Colposcopy , Nutritional Counseling
SPECIALTIES
- Infections , Occupational Medicine , Orthotics , Internal Medicine , Arm Pain , Carpal Tunnel Syndrome , Pediatric Dentistry , Disc Problems , Scars , Headaches & Migraines
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (708) 430-0008
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Paul
Main Contact Last Name: Mcfarlane
Main Contact Title: Physician - Internal Medicine
Credit Cards: Master Card, American Express, Visa, All Major Cards Accepted
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Location Type: Single Location
Professionals On Staff: Surgeons
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Paul Mc Farlane
- Phone: (708) 430-0008Haechler Wedding
I first met Max at her brothers wedding, which we shot in the City of Durban. I remember thinking “Wow! This gal is super hot and has the best hair I’ve ever seen!” Max walked up to me at the wedding, and said “Hey, I’m Max, and you’re shooting my wedding next year!” How often does that happen? I was instantly attracted to Max’s infectious, bubbly personality, and she made me feel so at home at Dean and Lis’ wedding (Dean and Lisa are also some of the best people you will ever meet!).
Max and Pete got married at the incredible Netherwood. Max wore a dress that was two-story’s long (no kidding – check the pics!) and was just a dream to photograph. Max is so gorgeous, both inside and outside, and has the kindest heart! Pete is just as awesome, and good-looking, and also has a crazy good heart! It’s not often that you meet two people who are just fully good humans!
Max and Pete’s wedding was such a jol, from beginning to end, and we were honored to capture it.Drops of Rainbow
- CD
- Artist: Dmitry Krasnoukhov
- Genre: New Age
- Release Date: 3/7/2006
Ukrainian new age music artist Dmitry Krasnoukhov writes beautifull romantic piano music that brings calmness, rest and hope to a tired hearts. His music is pathetic as Chopin's, melodious as Kevin Kern's, filigree as Keiko Matsui's, elegant as Giovanni and Richard Klaiderman 's. in different cities of Ukraine, Byelorussia, Moldova. He took part in a festival of performing arts in Vicenza (Italy), ethnic festival 'World of traditions' in Kiev (Ukraine). Since 2002 he composes and performs romantic New age piano music.8 volumes, small 4to
1827 · Paris
by MORDANT DE LAUNAY, Jean Claude Michel (d.1816) & Jean Louis Auguste LOISELEUR-DESLONGCHAMPS (1774-1849); - Panacre BESSA (1772-1830)
Paris: Didot jeune (vol.I) or Fain (vols.II-VIII) for Audot, 1827. 8 volumes, small 4to. (9 7/8 x 6 1/2 inches). Half-titles to vols. 2-8, 8pp. subscriber's list in final vol. 575 fine hand-coloured engraved plates (6 folding, plates unnumbered but numbered in the text 1-572, plus 171, 172 and 199 bis) after P. Bessa, P.J. Redouté by Barrois, Bigant and others. Modern red morocco backed marbled paper covered boards, flat spines gilt, marbled endpapers One of the finest French flower books with spectacular plates largely after Bessa, the most talented of Redouté's pupils. Rarely found complete, this work was issued in 96 parts over a period of 13 years, with the first 11 parts of the first volume by Mordant de Launay, and the remainder by Loiseleur-Deslongchamps. The original drawings for the finely coloured and botanically accurate plates are mostly by Bessa although a few are by Redouté and others by Pierre Antoine Poiteau. Bessa was born in 1772 and was a pupil of both Van Spaendonck and Redouté. He is reckoned among the best of Redouté's pupils and collaborated with him on several projects, such as Bonpland's Description des plantes rares cultiveé à Malmaison . The work concentrates on the highly decorative flowering plants and more exotic species (including several early depictions of native Australian plants) although some fruit are included, as well. In the introduction in vol.I an historical and geographical survey is given of all the most important botanical works published in Europe, and the author argues that the plates in the present work (printed en gris and then hand-coloured) are superior to the colour-printed plates of other contemporary French works in terms of the accuracy of the colouring. He then goes on to claim that, because the text of the present work includes notes on the history, uses and properties of the plants described, as well as notes on their cultivation, it is superior to both Curtis' Botanical Magazine and Andrews' Botanist's Repository. The original drawings for the Herbier général de l'amateu r were given by Charles X to the Duchesse de Berry, to whom Bessa had given painting lessons. She in turn left them to her sister, the Empress of Brazil. In 1947, the collection was dispersed at auction. Great Flower Books (1990) p. 85; Nissen BBI , 2323; Stafleu & Cowan TL2 4952. (Inventory #: 31995)Cambridgeshire LSCB Training Principles
All training provided by the Cambridgeshire Local Safeguarding Children Board isgoverned by the following inter-agency principles:-
Child Centred
All training reflects that the welfare of the child is paramount and that it incorporates and actively promotes ‘children’s rights’, ‘children’s voice’ and their ‘needs’
Partnership Children, Parents and Carers
All training recognises and actively promotes the need for working in partnership and engaging with children, parents and carers. The training recognises the ‘family’ as a whole when safeguarding children and young people.
Diversity
All training is informed and governed by equal opportunities and reflects the diversity and cultural needs of the individuals and organisations, within Cambridgeshire, that have responsibilities for safeguarding and promoting the wellbeing of children
Accessibility
All individuals who work with children, young people and/or their carers in the statutory, voluntary and independent sectors have access to the training
Interagency Collaboration
All training promotes the need for interagency working, bringing together people and organisations, to effectively safeguard children from harm.
Evidence Based
All training will be ‘evidence based’ containing the latest research, reflective practice and the ‘lessons learned’ both on a local and a national level
Evaluation / Impact
All training is responsive to identified local needs and will be subject to regular, rigorous review and evaluation; whilst looking at how practitioners have put into practice what they have learned to improve outcomes for the children, young people and families they work with.
(Adapted from PIAT Sustaining quality: Standards for Interagency Child Protection Training and Developments 2003 (revised edition) PIAT 2003 and PSCB Training Principles 2010, amended 2016)Investors: Impairments Are Below Expectations.", Jim Eales, Global Valuations & Business Modelling leader at Ernst & Young, says..", Eales continues.
Leading companies will need to adopt a robust and integrated impairment testing process to improve and maintain stakeholder confidence.
"Management should reflect the latest economic and industry analysis in its cash flow projections, and embed the impairment testing process in the company's overall capital management and strategic planning process. Accordingly, it's important for senior management to actively participate in the impairment testing process.", Christian Mouillon, Global Vice-Chair, Assurance, at Ernst & Young, says.
"Those companies that provide well prepared financial statements which are consistent with their overall communication on business prospects and any impairments will improve confidence and trust with their stakeholders, giving better access to capital.", Mouillon continues.
Ernst & Young conducted research with investors, investment analysts and lenders - key users of financial statements. A total of 170 participants from 32 countries representing leading banks and investment houses took part in an online survey during September and October 2009.ASUS U31SD offers 2nd generation Intel® Core™ processors in a thin and light design Powered by 2nd generation Intel® Core™ i3 and i5 standard voltage processors ASUS Super Hybrid Engine extends battery life to 10 hours for all-day, on-the-go computing Elegant design comes in under an inch thick for maximum portability Shop Modal header Stunningly light, powerfully beautiful The newly-redesigned U31SD offers the sheer power of new 2nd generation Intel® Core™ processors in a sleek and light form factor that’s fun and easy to carry with stylish portability. You can get more done over a full day of computing with exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine energy optimization, plus everyone will notice your new and elegant notebook, as it clocks in at under an inch in profile – so slim, but so capable! New Intel® Core™ and NVIDIA® GeForce® power for fun and productivity Packing 2nd generation Intel® Core™ i3 and i5 standard voltage processors, the U31SD delivers all the benefits of Sandy Bridge technology – better multitasking, faster performance and more vivid multimedia. Add to this discrete, DirectX® 11-compatible NVIDIA® GeForce® GT 520M graphics with 1GB video memory and up to 8GB of system RAM, and you get a notebook that fields serious power for every application. Whether working on your next presentation, watching a movie or even gaming, the U31SD gives you plenty of performance breathing space. All-day computing with Super Hybrid Engine Thanks to exclusive ASUS Super Hybrid Engine technology, the U31SD can switch between different power modes depending on the task at hand. This leads to big energy savings, so the battery lasts up to 10 hours and you can keep using the U31SD without depending on frequent recharging. Extend your computing range with confidence, free from shut-down worries. Thin, light – eminently portable! Under an inch thick and very light but totally durable for everything you want to use it in. That’s the wonder of the design that has gone into the U31SD, a notebook that doesn’t sacrifice performance in the name of style and mobility – it gives you all the best of every world.How about one last toy for the beach? Or maybe for the sandbox? How about this deal? Perfect for your kids or for the gift closet! Grab this now and save big on something fun for the kids!
Get on over to Amazon and get the American Plastic Toys Beachcomber Wagon Set! Priced at just $5.47!.Transcription:
Greetings everyone!
I’m Joe Dwyer and I’m very pleased to have you on this journey on accountability. On this journey, we will first take a look at a character that most, if not all of us, are familiar with. It is the ground hog. The ground hog who, comes out of his home every February 2nd, sees his shadow and then depending on what he does we are told how many weeks of winter are left. Well in this calendar year 2013, the ground hog came under sharp criticism for we had many more weeks of winter then his actions would have told us.
However, the important thing is that he did see and recognize his shadow. That is where we going to take our story from that point only. It is our shadow that we are casting that we need to take a very close look at as well. Give the groundhog his due. He does see his shadow clearly. The question is, do we see ours? I’m not talking about the same shadow that the groundhog sees. I’m talking about our shadow of influence, which is sometimes even more prevalent then the one cast from the sun. This shadow of influence is our level of accountability and how it is being seen by others and us.
When our children were young, I was told a very profound thing. I was told that if I saw them doing something that really is annoying me, I need to take even a closer look at it because chances are they learned it from me. I found this to be very true and very sobering. It is absolutely the case that not only we as parents but, all of us cast a shadow that is seen by many. Certainly it should match our words and our actions but our action is what is seen loudest and clearest. This is lesson one on accountability – to take a very close look at our shadow.
I do have some good news. Obviously our shadow can be very positive in nature and it should be but, it also needs to be consistently positive. For those times when it is not, and I believe we can all attest, it is seen a lot more clearly than when it is positive.
At this point, I would like to step back and tell you that I am proud of one of my books that I wrote which really brings this subject matter to the surface. The book is called “The Dog Ate My Homework…or Did He?” a complete guide to accountability for personal and business life. After 25 years of business experience, I decided to write this book, which highlighted my lessons, some learned the hard way, on accountability all from a dog’s view. As has been the case in my other lessons, the dog’s view will carry us to a higher level of learning, awareness and certainly accountability will be the same.
I urge you to consider a dog that I remember from my youth. His name was Lucky and he was a very old and fragile Beagle who lived in my grandparent’s neighborhood. Being at my grandparent’s house, I would look forward to seeing Lucky. He was very fragile and old but upon seeing me, my fondest memory, was that he shook off his fragile nature and old age, wagged his tail and showed me nothing but an incredible act of love, kindness and joy to see me. His shadow was one that I remember very well. But the story within the story is that Lucky’s shadow was cast in a very positive way even though he was dealing with many difficulties himself.
I think we find this amongst many dogs that we encounter in our life but Lucky is really a memory for me that I want to share with you. It brings forth the point that we will all have difficulties in our life but it doesn’t mean that we shake off our level of accountability or excuse any actions. I too have learned some valuable lessons in this area and I urge you to consider them as well.
It matters not in many ways that we are in a difficult place. It still is a reason for us to keep our word, to keep our integrity and to keep our promises to sharing and being a good individual with all we meet. That is true accountability no matter what the circumstances are. So I urge you to take a few actions items with you in the following week.
First, like the groundhog, but even more so than predicting the weather, really take a good look at the shadow that you are casting. Are your actions matching your words? Take a look at them and evaluate them often. I hope that you will find your level of accountability with again keeping your word, being a vibrant light of positive actions to the world and holding your integrity at the highest level possible at all times is truly rewarding.
Secondly, take a very close look at a difficult situation that might take place in your life. It probably will happen in a very short time. We are all stricken with challenges of various natures and degrees. Then make sure you turn back to your shadow and make sure you are casting something that is positive in nature to the extent you can. This will really polish your level of accountability to a high level. It will also make you a much more peaceful and joyful person to be around.
Our challenge is before us and I think it comes down to really recognizing our shadow, more than the groundhog has to do once a year. We should be doing it every single day and give the groundhog some credit. He should be our motivation as well. He takes great notice of his shadow.
Thank you and have a good week. As always share any observations that you have. I welcome them and I look forward to them.
TAKE NOBLE ACTION
- Notice any changes you would make when you recognize the shadows that you casted for the day.
- Recognize a challenge and adjust to it accordingly. Notice your feelings during this process.pumilio is a posterior group gene: genes in this group are considered essential for the development of the posterior of the fly. The protein is supplied by the mother, and is ready to go to work even before fertilization takes place. A discussion of the PUM protein is clarified by looking at what takes place just before the protein functions. For PUM, this requires an examination of Nanos. Nanos governs the posterior patterning of Drosophila embryos. Localization of NOS mRNA assures that NOS protein is present in the posterior and can thus carry out inhibition of translation of Hunchback mRNA, thus allowing for the development of posterior fate.
Experiments have suggested that NOS mRNA is properly localized in pum- mutants, indicating that pum must function after the localization of NOS mRNA (Barker, 1992). It has been assumed that NOS itself is sufficient for inhibition of hunchback translation. The recent observation that PUM protein binds specifically to the Nanos response elements (NRE) of HB mRNA now clarifies the roles of NOS and PUM proteins in repression of HB mRNA translation. PUM protein is recruited first to HB mRNA, followed presumbly by NOS, recruited via protein-protein interactions. The two proteins together act as translational inhibitors (Murata, 1995).
Pumilio has an earlier role in regulation of asymmetric division of germline stem cells in the Drosophila ovary. pumilio mutations are known to affect the asymmetric division of germline stem cells in the Drosophila ovary. Germline stem cells play a pivotal role in gametogenesis; yet little is known about how they are formed, how they divide to self-renew, and how these processes are genetically controlled. Self-renewing asymmetric division of germline stem cells takes place in the Drosophila ovarian germline, as marked by the spectrosome, a cytoplasmic structure rich in membrane skeletal proteins including Spectrin. In the Drosophila ovary, germline stem cells, whose progeny ultimately give rise to eggs, are among the 3 to 5 most apically located germ cells in the germarium -- they are located towards the narrow end of the ovary, at the opposite end from the mature eggs. Terminal filament cells, somatic cells that make up the most proximal part of the ovary close to the stem cells, stain strongly for anti-alpha spectin antibody. The base of the terminal filament contains two to three squamous somatic cells rather than a single basal cell. The basal terminal filament cells retain strong anti-spectrin staining. These basal cells are in contact with two to three underlying germ cells. In these germ cells the spectrosome is usually apically located in the cytoplasm, closely apposed to the basal terminal filament cells. Occasionally, the spectrosome is not in contact with the basal cells. Even so, it is still tethered to the basal cell by a thin filament (Lin, 1997).
The ontogeny of the spectrosome marks the lineage of germline stem cells. The 2-3 most apical germ cells contacting the basal terminal filament cells show striking asymmetry in two ways with regard to the behavior of the spectrosome during mitosis: (1) one pole of their mitotic spindles is always associated with the spectrosome and the terminal filament, clearly marking a cytological asymmetry of the division. (2) The mitotic spindles are oriented along the apico-basal axis of the germarium generating a daughter cell in contact with the basal cell and another daughter cell that is one cell away from the basal cell. This distal daughter cell undergoes incomplete divisions to form germline cysts that ultimately give rise to nurse cells and the egg. Mutations have been identified in which the divisional asymmetry is disrupted. One set of mutations, referred to as ovarette (ovt) mutations, corresponds to a novel class of mutations in the pumilio locus (Lin, 1997).
pumilio mutation produces a small ovary phenotype. To examine whether this phenotype is the result of stem cell dysfunction, the germaria of females bearing a strong ovt mutation were examined. None of the mutant germ cells in pum mutant germaria appear to undergo asymmetric divisions. Instead, they contain only two or three clusters of apparently undifferentiated germline cells that do not contain a spectrosome. This defect suggests that the 2-3 mutant germline stem cells have undergone symmetric divisions to produce clusters of undifferentiated germline cells. Interestingly, lack of a spectrosome does not need to affect the rate of stem cell division. Mutation in the gene hu li tai shao (hts) coding for the cytoskeletal protein adducin, abolishes the spectrosome but does not affect the rate of stem cell division. In hts mutant females lacking a spectrosome, cysts continue to be produced at essentially normal rates. However, hts cystoblasts undergo a drastically modified process of cyst formation and are unable to differentiate an oocyte, presumably due to their inability to support a spectrosome derived fusome (Lin, 1997).
Since pumilio is known to posttranscriptionally repress the expression of Nanos at the earliest stages of germ cell development (Kobayashi, 1996), these results suggest that a similar activity is needed to maintain germ line stem cells. The simplest interpretation of the role of Pumilio in stem cell dynamics is that Pum, and likely Nos as well, act in the stem cell itself where they might act in concert with germ cell-specific molecules, such as Vasa, to participate in translational suppression, which keeps certain genes inactive until specific times in development or in the cell cycle. Inappropriate expression of the suppressed genes would cause the stem cells to assume a cystoblast identity or to proceed down an abnormal developmental pathway leading to the undifferentiated cell clusters (Lin, 1997).
Besides playing a role in ovaries in germ cell development, Pum also acts during embryogenesis to regulate germline development. The maternal RNA-binding proteins Pumilio (Pum) and Nanos (Nos) accumulate in pole cells, the germline progenitors. Nos is required for pole cells to differentiate into functional germline. Pum is also essential for germline development in embryos. A mutation in pum causes a defect in pole-cell migration into the gonads. In such pole cells, the expression of a germline-specific marker (PZ198) is initiated prematurely. pum mutation causes premature mitosis in the migrating pole cells. Pum inhibits pole-cell division by repressing translation of cyclin B messenger RNA. Because these phenotypes are indistinguishable from those produced by nos mutation, it is concluded that Pum acts together with Nos to regulate these germline-specific events (Asaoka-Taguchi, 1999).
Pole cells formed in embryos lacking Pum (pum embryos) were transplanted into wild-type host embryos. The transplanted pum pole cells pass normally through the midgut epithelium into the haemocoel. However, none of the transplanted pum pole cells are incorporated within the gonads of the hosts, whereas normal pole cells taken from control embryos were observed in the gonads. All of the transplanted pum pole cells remain in the haemocoel and the gut lumen. These results show that Pum is autonomously required in pole cells for their migration into the gonads. The expression of the enhancer-trap marker PZ198 was studied in pum pole cells. PZ198 expression, which is normally initiated in pole cells within the gonads, begins prematurely during pole-cell migration in embryos lacking Nos (nos embryos). Similarly, PZ198 expression begins prematurely, at stage 7, in pum mutant pole cells, as compared with stage 13 in control embryos. Thus Pum is also required to repress the premature expression of the enhancer-trap marker in pole cells. The effects of pum and nos mutations on cell-cycle arrest were studied during pole-cell migration. In normal development, pole cells remain quiescent in G2 phase of the cell cycle during stages 7-15. It is expected that Nos and Pum repress the entry of pole cells into mitosis, because pole cells initiate cell division just after Nos becomes undetectable in pole cells at stage 15. To monitor the cell cycle in pole cells, antibodies against a phosphorylated form of histone H3 (PH3) and cyclin E were used. PH3 is detectable in mitosis but is absent during interphase, whereas cyclin E is expressed specifically in S and G2 phases. The disappearance of cyclin E from pole cells is linked to cell-cycle progression from G2 to G1 phase, whereas cyclin E is not degraded during cell cycling of somatic cells. Consistent with the observation that migrating pole cells in wild-type embryos are arrested in G2 phase, almost all pole cells in stage 7-15 embryos show cyclin E staining, but not PH3 staining. In contrast, in pum and nos embryos, the percentage of pole cells expressing cyclin E gradually decreases during stages 7-15, and PH3-positive pole cells became detectable during these stages. Thus, the mutant pole cells are prematurely released from G2 arrest and enter into mitosis. Taken together, these observations show that Pum and Nos are both required for the repression of the G2/M transition in the migrating pole cells (Asaoka-Taguchi, 1999).
Since pum and nos mutations do not affect posterior localization of maternal cyclin B mRNA or its partitioning into pole cells, it is concluded that translation of Cyclin B mRNA is usually repressed by Pum and Nos in pole cells. Cyclin B mRNA contains an NRE-like sequence in its 3' UTR, called the translation-control element (TCE). Deletion of the TCE from the 3' UTR of an epitope-tagged Cyclin B mRNA results in a phenotype similar to that caused by nos and pum mutations. These observations lead to the conclusion that Pum/Nos-dependent translational repression of cyclin B mRNA is mediated by the TCE. Given that Pum binds to the NRE in vitro, it is reasonable to suggest that Pum binds directly to the TCE. This is the first demonstration that maternal factors regulate the translation of specific mRNA in germline progenitors (Asaoka-Taguchi, 1999).
RNA-binding Fox (Rbfox) proteins have well-established roles in regulating alternative splicing, but specific Rbfox isoforms lack nuclear localization signals and accumulate in the cytoplasm. The potential splicing-independent functions of these proteins remain unknown. This study demonstrates that cytoplasmic Drosophila Rbfox1, called such to conform to mammalian homologs, but given the FlyBase designation Ataxin-2 binding protein 1 (A2bp. Misexpression (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
RNA-binding proteins play an integral role in mRNA metabolism, splicing, transport, and translation. An increasing number of studies link mutations in genes encoding RNA-binding proteins with a variety of diseases, highlighting the importance of these proteins with regard to human health. Rbfox proteins represent one such family and contain a highly conserved, centrally located RNA recognition motif (RRM) flanked by intrinsically disordered regions. Mammals have three Rbfox paralogs: RBFOX1 (A2BP1), RBFOX2 (RBM9) , and RBFOX3 (NeuN) . Nuclear isoforms of these genes regulate alternative splicing by directly binding to intronic (U)GCAUG elements, resulting in the exclusion or inclusion of downstream or upstream exons, respectively. In mice, disruption of Rbfox1 in neurons leads to neuronal hyperactivity, while loss of Rbfox2 results in cerebellum development defects. Rbfox1 and Rbfox2 have been implicated in a number of diseases including cancer, diabetes, and neurological disorders such as autism, mental retardation, and epilepsy. In all these examples, the observed phenotypes have been attributed to perturbations in normal mRNA splicing patterns (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
Specific isoforms of Rbfox genes localize to the cytoplasm of cells in a variety of tissues across species. While the molecular functions of these isoforms remain poorly understood, both nuclear and cytoplasmic isoforms appear to act as tumor suppressors in the context of glioblastomas. Loss of cytoplasmic Rbfox1 has also been associated with colorectal cancer, and abnormal cytoplasmic inclusions of Rbfox1 are often observed in spinocerebellar ataxia type II patients. Recent studies have also shown that Rbfox proteins bind to many different 3'UTRs in the mammalian brain. These observations suggest that Rbfox proteins carry out additional functions beyond their established roles in splicing (Carreira-Rosario, 2016 and references therein).
The Drosophila genome contains a single Rbfox homolog called A2bp1, referred to as Rbfox1 to remain consistent with nomenclature across species. Mutations in the Drosophila Rbfox1 result in germline tumor formation. This study shows that cytoplasmic Rbfox1 is necessary for Drosophila germline development and regulates the stability and translation of specific mRNAs by binding to (U)GCAUG elements contained within their 3'UTR sequences. It was further shown that within the germline Rbfox1 targets pumilio to promote differentiation. Thus, this study reveals a splicing-independent function of Rbfox proteins, the disruption of which may contribute to RBFOX-linked diseases (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
Rbfox family members from different species localize to either the nucleus or the cytoplasm. While isoforms that localize to the nucleus play a clear role in regulating alternative splicing, the function of cytoplasmic isoforms has remained less clear. Previous results showed that loss of Rbfox1 in Drosophila resulted in a block of germ cell differentiation. This study sought to determine the extent to which disruption of either nuclear or cytoplasmic Rbfox1 isoforms contributed to this phenotype. Transgenic rescue, isoform-specific RNAi knockdown and isoform-specific knockout experiments provide strong evidence that two cytoplasmic Rbfox1 isoforms specifically promote germ cell differentiation during the early stages of germline cyst development. The Drosophila genome does not encode for another redundant Rbfox family member. Thus the Drosophila ovary represents a unique platform on which to explore the function of cytoplasmic Rbfox family members in an in vivo setting (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
Further experiments showed that cytoplasmic Rbfox1 regulates gene expression through a 3'UTR-dependent mechanism. The defining RRM domain of the Rbfox protein family is highly conserved across species. In vitro and in vivo experiments presented here indicate that Drosophila Rbfox1 physically associates with RNAs that contain GCAUG elements, similar to mammalian Rbfox proteins. Recent studies using RNA-crosslinking immunoprecipitation approaches have shown that mammalian Rbfox1, Rbfox2, and Rbfox3 all physically interact with 3'UTR sequences that contain GCAUG sites or other similar elements. The current experiments show that the presence of GCAUG sites within mRNA 3'UTRs results in modest decreases in mRNA stability, and more much dramatic decreases in protein expression. These observations suggest that Drosophila Rbfox1 acts to repress the translation of specific target mRNAs (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
An increasing number of GCAUG sites within 3'UTRs appeared to have an additive effect on target gene expression in the context of germ cells. The presence of one site had little or no effect, at least in the context of the reporters that were used, while the presence of two or three sites resulted in a clear repression of protein expression in Rbfox1-expressing cells. While the repression of 3'UTR GCAUG reporters occurred in both the germline and within specific neurons, it remains possible that cytoplasmic Rbfox family members may regulate gene expression in a different manner in different contexts. For example, a newly published study shows that mammalian Rbfox proteins can promote the stability and translation of a target gene in cell culture. The functional significance of this regulation remains to be tested in vivo. Regardless, these findings, together with results presented here, indicate that the ability of cytoplasmic Rbfox family members to regulate protein expression has been conserved across species. The direction and degree of cytoplasmic Rbfox-dependent gene regulation may depend on different cell-specific proteins or on the presence of other 3'UTR regulatory elements within a given target transcript. The discovery of this function has significant implications for understanding of how Rbfox family members regulate normal development, as well as the disorders linked with disruption of Rbfox genes such as epilepsy, autism, and cancer (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
The search for functionally relevant endogenous mRNA targets of Drosophila Rbfox1 led to the finding that Rbfox1 represses Pumilio protein expression during early germline cyst differentiation. Previous studies noted the presence of Pumilio protein in GSCs, cystoblasts, and two-cell cysts, but the mechanisms responsible for the stage-specific decrease of Pumilio expression in four-, eight-, and 16-cell cysts, and the functional significance of this expression pattern, have remained unknown. This study shows that Pumilio expression decreases as Rbfox1 expression increases. Examining the 3'UTR sequence of pumilio revealed the presence of four GCAUG sites, two of which showed extensive sequence conservation across many Drosophila species. Strikingly, Rbfox1, Rbfox2, and Rbfox3 also physically associate with Pumilio1 and Pumilio2 mRNA in the mouse nervous system (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
Further analysis showed that Pumilio expression in the germline is regulated through a 3'UTR-dependent mechanism. A wild-type pumilio 3'UTR reporter exhibited an expression pattern similar to the endogenous protein, displaying decreased expression in the presence of Rbfox1. Mutating each of the four GCAUG elements within the pumilio 3'UTR sequence resulted in a striking expansion of reporter expression into the four-, eight-, and 16-cell cyst stages, suggesting that Rbfox1 negatively regulates Pumilio expression. qRT-PCR analysis of synchronously differentiating germ cells showed that endogenous pumilio mRNA levels increased in the absence of Rbfox1. These findings are in contrast to data obtained comparing the 3x Rbfox1 sensor to the mutant reporter, and suggest that Rbfox1 may influence the stability of specific target mRNAs in different contexts. Nonetheless, the degree to which Pumilio protein expression increases in the absence of Rbfox1 in these experiments is consistent with the model that Rbfox1 also regulates the expression of Pumilio, at least in part, at the level of translation. Other translational regulators, such as Bruno, also appear to influence mRNA stability (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
The repression of Pumilio expression by Rbfox1 helps to promote germ cell differentiation. Loss of Rbfox1 results in germline tumor formation and an expansion of Pumilio expression. Strikingly, knockdown of pumilio strongly suppresses the Rbfox1 tumorous phenotype, leading to the formation of egg chambers with polyploid nuclei. While cytoplasmic Rbfox1 likely regulates the expression of other genes, the strength of this genetic interaction indicates that pumilio represents a major functional target of Rbfox1 in regard to germ cell differentiation. Mis-expression of a pumilio transgene, lacking the endogenous 3'UTR, in an otherwise wild-type background, phenocopies Rbfox1 mutants. These data indicate that germ cells must repress Pumilio expression before they can proceed into the next stage of development. Pumilio homologs are essential genes for germ cell maintenance across species. Given the conservation of Rbfox1-binding sites within the 3'UTR of pumilio mammalian homologs, repression of pumilio by Rbfox may represent a conserved mechanism that promotes germline differentiation (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
Strikingly, morphological and molecular markers suggest that overexpression of Pumilio results in the dedifferentiation of germ cells. Rbfox1 mutants exhibit a similar phenotype. Pumilio overexpressing ovaries contain large tumors with multicellular cysts throughout their germaria. As these cysts continue to age and move toward the posterior of germaria, they begin to break down, as marked by the fragmentation of fusomes and ring canals. Similar observations have been made in both the Drosophila ovary and testis when germline cysts are experimentally prompted to undergo dedifferentiation. Furthermore, these germ cells re-acquire the expression of cytoplasmic Sxl, which typically marks GSCs, cystoblasts and two-cell cysts. Single cells derived from cyst breakdown remain mitotically active. These data indicate that germ cells must actively shut down gene expression programs that foster self-renewal and early differentiation before they can advance to the next stage of development. Failure to do so results in the reversion of the cells back to an earlier developmental state. It is anticipated that loss of Rbfox1, and the corresponding mis-expression of Rbfox1 target genes, may have similar effects in different tissues and in different species (Carreira-Rosario, 2016).
Bases in 5' UTR -883 and 1044
Exons - 12
Bases in 3' UTR - 2173 single amino acid repeats, usually glycine, alanine, glutamine or serine/threonine. Six tandem repeats of a 36 amino acid repeat unit are also present (Macdonald, 1992).
Pumilio is the prototypical member of an RNA-binding protein family evolutionarily conserved from yeast to humans. Its signature domain is termed a Puf motif after Drosophila Pumilio and the C. elegans translational regulator FBF (fem-3-binding factor). Puf proteins are implicated in post-transcriptional gene expression in S. cerevisiae, C. elegans, X. laevis and Drosophila. In most characterized situations, these proteins function with Nanos or Nanos-like partners (Gamberi, 2002 and references therein).
Eukaryotic post-transcriptional regulation is often specified by control elements within mRNA 3'- untranslated regions (3'-UTRs). In order to identify proteins that regulate specific mRNA decay rates in Saccharomyces cerevisae, the role of five members of the Puf family present in the yeast genome (referred to as JSN1/PUF1, PUF2, PUF3, PUF4 and MPT5/PUF5) was analyzed. Yeast strains lacking all five Puf proteins show differential expression of numerous yeast mRNAs. Examination of COX17 mRNA indicates that Puf3p specifically promotes decay of this mRNA by enhancing the rate of deadenylation and subsequent turnover. Puf3p also binds to the COX17 mRNA 3'-UTR in vitro. This indicates that the function of Puf proteins as specific regulators of mRNA deadenylation has been conserved throughout eukaryotes. In contrast to the case in Caenorhabditis elegans and Drosophila, yeast Puf3p does not affect translation of COX17 mRNA. These observations indicate that Puf proteins are likely to play a role in the control of transcript-specific rates of degradation in yeast by interacting directly with the mRNA turnover machinery (Olivas, 2000)., the ASH1 locasome was isolated and the associated proteins were characterized binds PUF consensus sequences in the 3'UTR of ASH1 mRNA and represses the translation of ASH1 mRNA both in vivo and in vitro. In the puf6Delta strain, asymmetric localization of both Ash1p and ASH1 mRNA were significantly reduced. It is proposed that Puf6p is a protein that functions in the translational control of ASH1 mRNA, and this translational inhibition is necessary before localization can proceed (Gu, 2004).
Drosophila Pumilio (Pum) and C. elegans FBF bind to the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of their target mRNAs and repress translation. Pum and FBF are members of a large and evolutionarily conserved protein family, the Puf family, found in Drosophila, C.elegans, humans and yeasts. Budding yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, has five proteins with conserved Puf motifs: Mpt5/Uth4, Ygl014w, Yll013c, Jsn1 and Ypr042c. Mpt5 negatively regulates expression of the HO gene. Loss of MPT5 increases expression of reporter genes integrated into the ho locus, whereas overexpression of MPT5 decreases expression. Repression requires the 3'-UTR of HO, which contains a tetranucleotide, UUGU, also found in the binding sites of Pum and FBF. Mutation of UUGU to UACU in the HO 3'-UTR abolishes Mpt5-mediated repression. Studies using a three-hybrid assay for RNA binding indicate that Mpt5 binds to the 3'-UTR of HO mRNA containing a UUGU sequence but not a UACU sequence. These observations suggest that the yeast Puf homolog, Mpt5, negatively regulates HO expression post-transcriptionally (Tadauchi, 2001).
PUF proteins, a family of RNA-binding proteins, interact with the 3' untranslated regions (UTRs) of specific mRNAs to control their translation and stability. PUF protein action is commonly correlated with removal of the poly(A) tail of target mRNAs. This study focuses on how PUF proteins enhance deadenylation and mRNA decay. A yeast PUF protein physically binds Pop2p (Drosophila homolog Pop2), which is a component of the Ccr4p-Pop2p-Not deadenylase complex, and Pop2p is required for PUF repression activity. By binding Pop2p, the PUF protein simultaneously recruits the Ccr4p deadenylase (homolog of Drosophila Twin) and two other enzymes involved in mRNA regulation, Dcp1p and Dhh1p. Regulated deadenylation was reconstituted in vitro and it was demonstrated that the PUF-Pop2p interaction is conserved in yeast, worms and humans. It is suggested that the PUF-Pop2p interaction underlies regulated deadenylation, mRNA decay and repression by PUF proteins (Goldstrohm, 2006).. A binding factor (FBF) has been identified that. It is proposed that FBF and Pumilio are members of a widespread family of sequence-specific RNA-binding proteins (Zhang, 1997).
The Caenorhabditis elegans FBF protein and its Drosophila relative, Pumilio, define a large family of eukaryotic RNA-binding proteins. By binding regulatory elements in the 3' untranslated regions (UTRs) of their cognate RNAs, FBF and Pumilio have key post-transcriptional roles in early developmental decisions. In C. elegans, FBF is required for repression of fem-3 mRNA to achieve the hermaphrodite switch from spermatogenesis to oogenesis. FBF and NANOS-3 (NOS-3), one of three C. elegans Nanos homologs, interact with each other in both yeast two-hybrid and in vitro assays. The portions of each protein required for this interaction have been delineated. Worms lacking nanos function were derived either by RNA-mediated interference (nos-1 and nos-2) or by use of a deletion mutant (nos-3). The roles of the three nos genes overlap during germ-line development. In certain nos-deficient animals, the hermaphrodite sperm-oocyte switch is defective, leading to the production of excess sperm and no oocytes. In other nos-deficient animals, the entire germ line dies during larval development. This germ-line death does not require CED-3, a protease required for apoptosis. The data suggest that NOS-3 participates in the sperm-oocyte switch through its physical interaction with FBF, forming a regulatory complex that controls fem-3 mRNA. NOS-1 and NOS-2 also function in the switch, but do not interact directly with FBF. The three C. elegans nanos genes, like Drosophila nanos, are also critical for germ-line survival. It is proposed that this may have been the primitive function of nanos genes (Kraemer, 1999).
Germline stem cells are defined by their unique ability to generate more of themselves as well as differentiated gametes. The molecular mechanisms controlling the decision between self-renewal and differentiation are central unsolved problems in developmental biology with potentially broad medical implications. In Caenorhabditis elegans, germline stem cells are controlled by the somatic distal tip cell. FBF-1 and FBF-2, two nearly identical proteins, which together are called FBF ('fem-3 mRNA binding factor'), were originally discovered as regulators of germline sex determination. FBF also controls germline stem cells: in an fbf-1 fbf-2 double mutant, germline proliferation is initially normal, but stem cells are not maintained. It is suggested that FBF controls germline stem cells, at least in part, by repressing gld-1, which itself promotes commitment to the meiotic cell cycle. FBF belongs to the PUF family ('Pumilio and FBF') of RNA-binding proteins. Pumilio controls germline stem cells in Drosophila females, and, in lower eukaryotes, PUF proteins promote continued mitoses. It is suggested that regulation by PUF proteins may be an ancient and widespread mechanism for control of stem cells (Crittenden, 2002).
In the C. elegans germline, GLP-1/Notch signaling and two nearly identical PUF (Pumilio and FBF) protein family RNA binding proteins, FBF-1 and FBF-2, promote proliferation. Here, the fbf-1 and fbf-2 genes are largely redundant for promoting mitosis′UTR repression. It is proposed (Lamont, 2004).
RNA binding proteins are key regulators of the germline decision between proliferation and differentiation. Of particular importance to this paper are FBF-1 and FBF-2 (for fem-3 Binding Factor) -- two nearly identical regulators of the PUF family. The FBF-1 and FBF-2 proteins are collectively called FBF, and similarly, fbf-1 and fbf-2 are collectively called the fbf genes. The nucleotide sequences of fbf-1 and fbf-2 are 93% identical, and the amino acid sequences are 91% identical, suggesting that fbf-1 and fbf-2 are recently duplicated genes. During early larval stages, germline proliferation is normal in fbf-1 fbf-2 double mutants, but in the fourth larval stage, the germline precociously leaves the mitotic cell cycle to enter meiosis and differentiate as sperm. In addition, depletion of both fbf-1 and fbf-2 eliminates the hermaphrodite switch from spermatogenesis to oogenesis. Therefore, FBF is required for continued mitotic divisions in the germline as well as for the hermaphrodite sperm/oocyte switch (Lamont, 2004).
PUF proteins bind specifically to regulatory elements, usually in the 3' untranslated region (UTR) of a target mRNA, and repress that mRNA, either by promoting mRNA degradation or inhibiting translation. Pumilio, for example, inhibits translation of hunchback mRNA in the early Drosophila embryo, whereas PUF-5/Mpt5 destabilizes HO mRNA in yeast. In C. elegans, FBF-1 and FBF-2 promote mitosis by repressing mRNAs that encode regulators critical for entry into the meiotic cell cycle, and they promote the sperm/oocyte switch by repressing the fem-3 sperm-promoting mRNA. Both FBF-1 and FBF-2 bind specifically to the same RNA target sequence, which differs from the Pumilio binding site. The molecular mechanism by which FBF represses mRNAs in the C. elegans germline remains unknown, but by analogy with its homologs in yeast and Drosophila, FBF is likely to control the stability or translation of its target mRNAs (Lamont, 2004).
Previous studies have suggested that FBF-1 and FBF-2 are redundant: fbf-1 single mutants are grossly normal, albeit with smaller mitotic regions and more hermaphrodite sperm than wild-type. This study confirms the fbf-1/fbf-2 redundancy but also identify individual roles for each gene in regulating the size of the mitotic region. Like fbf-1, the fbf-2 single mutants are grossly normal, but in contrast to fbf-1, fbf-2 mutant germlines have a larger mitotic region than normal and can be feminized. Consistent with fbf-1 and fbf-2 having individual roles, their mRNAs and proteins are expressed in distinct patterns. Furthermore, the fbf-2 gene appears to be a direct target of GLP-1/Notch signaling, a finding that forges the first molecular link between GLP-1/Notch signaling and the RNA regulatory circuit. fbf-1 and fbf-2 repress each other's expression and this reciprocal repression is likely to be direct via FBF binding sites in the fbf-1 and fbf-2 3' UTRs. It is suggested that GLP-1/Notch signaling and FBF autoregulation work together to control the distribution and amount of FBF and thereby fine-tune the size of the mitotic region (Lamont, 2004).. This study demonstrates. It is proposed that parallel regulation by FBF ensures that in wild-type gonads, meiotic entry is coordinated with just-in-time synthesis of synaptonemal proteins (Merritt, 2010).
Since, a homologue of the Drosophila PUF gene Pumilio (DjPum) was identified in the planarian Dugesia japonica, with an expression pattern preferentially restricted to neoblasts. Through RNA interference (RNAi), gene silencing of DjPum was demonstrated to dramatically reduces the number of neoblasts, thus supporting the intriguing hypothesis that stem cell maintenance may be an ancestral function of PUF proteins (Salvetti, 2005).
PUF (Pumilio/FBF) RNA-binding proteins and Argonaute (Ago) miRNA-binding proteins regulate mRNAs post-transcriptionally, each acting through similar, yet distinct, mechanisms. This study reports that PUF and Ago proteins can also function together in a complex with a core translation elongation factor, eEF1A, to repress translation elongation. Both nematode  (Friend, 2012).
Translational activation of dormant cyclin B1 mRNA stored in oocytes is a prerequisite for the initiation or promotion of oocyte maturation in many vertebrates. Using a monoclonal antibody against the domain highly homologous to that of Drosophila Pumilio, it has been shown for the first time in any vertebrate that a homolog of Pumilio is expressed in Xenopus oocytes. This 137-kDa protein binds to the region including the sequence UGUA at nucleotides 1335-1338 in the 3'-untranslated region of cyclin B1 mRNA, which is close to but does not overlap the cytoplasmic polyadenylation elements (CPEs). Physical in vitro association of Xenopus Pumilio with a Xenopus homolog of Nanos (Xcat-2) was demonstrated by a protein pull-down assay. The results of immunoprecipitation experiments have shown in vivo interaction between Xenopus Pumilio and CPE-binding protein (CPEB: Drosophila homolog Orb), a key regulator of translational repression and activation of mRNAs stored in oocytes. This evidence provides a new insight into the mechanism of translational regulation through the 3'-end of mRNA during oocyte maturation. These results also suggest the generality of the function of Pumilio as a translational regulator of dormant mRNAs in both invertebrates and vertebrates (Nakahata, 2001).
Drosophila Pumilio and a C. elegans Pumilio homolog, FBF, are members of the Pumilio-homology domain (Pum-HD) family, also known as thePuf (for Pumilio and FBF) family. The sequence in the C-terminal region of the Pum-HD family is highly conserved in many species, including human homologs (DDBJ/EMBL/GenBankTM accession numbers KIAA0099 and KIAA0235) deduced from their cDNAs. A Xenopus 2.0-kb sequence (DDBJ/EMBL/GenBankTM accession number AB045628) was obtained that contained a domain equivalent to those of Drosophila Pumilio (78% identity) and the human homolog KIAA0099 (95% identity). This domain is known as the diagnostic hallmark of the Pum-HD family and is defined by the presence of eight copies of an imperfect repeat sequence, comprising a specific RNA-binding domain (Nakahata, 2001).
The actual biological roles of XPum are completely unknown at present, but it can be speculated that XPum plays an important role in translational control of cyclin B1 mRNA, as in Drosophila. CPEB directly binds to maskin, a protein that can also bind directly to the cap-binding translation initiation factor elF-4E, which leads to translational repression. The dissociation of maskin from elF-4E allows elF-4G to bind to elF-4E, which brings elF-3 and the 40 S ribosomal subunit to the mRNA to initiate translation via cap-ribose methylation. Recent studies have also shown that a progesterone-induced early phosphorylation of CPEB at serine 174 is catalyzed by Eg2 and that this phosphorylation recruits cleavage and polyadenylation specificity factor into an active cytoplasmic polyadenylation complex. Thus, CPEB plays a key role in both translational repression and activation of mRNAs stored in oocytes. XPum is physically associated with CPEB in oocytes. In cooperation with CPEB, XPum may control the CPEB/maskin-mediated translational masking and unmasking to assure the highly coordinated successive translational activation of masked mRNAs during oocyte maturation. Further studies are required to understand the biological significance of the interactions among XPum, CPEB, and cyclin B1 mRNA, as well as to elucidate the functions of XPum in oocytes (Nakahata, 2001).
Protein synthesis of cyclin B by translational activation of the dormant mRNA stored in oocytes is required for normal progression of maturation. In Xenopus it has been shown that the cytoplasmic polyadenylation element (CPE) in the 3'-untranslated region (UTR) of cyclin B1 mRNA is responsible for both translational repression (masking) and activation (unmasking) of the mRNA (Mendez and Richter, 2001; Richter, 2000). The CPE is bound by a CPE-binding protein. In this study, the involvement of Xenopus Pumilio (XPum), a cyclin B1 mRNA-binding protein, was investigated in mRNA-specific translational activation. XPum exhibits high homology to mammalian counterparts, with amino acid identity close to 90%, even if the conserved RNA-binding domain is excluded. XPum is bound, in mature oocytes, to the unphosphorylated form of cytoplasmic polyadenylation element (CPE)-binding protein (CPEB) through the RNA-binding domain. In addition to the CPE, the XPum-binding sequence of cyclin B1 mRNA acts as a cis-element for translational repression. Injection of anti-XPum antibody accelerated oocyte maturation and synthesis of cyclin B1, and, conversely, over-expression of XPum retarded oocyte maturation and translation of cyclin B1 mRNA, which was accompanied by inhibition of poly(A) tail elongation. The injection of antibody and the over-expression of XPum, however, had no effect on translation of Mos mRNA, which also contains the CPE. These findings provide the first evidence that XPum is a translational repressor specific to cyclin B1 in vertebrates. It is proposed that in cooperation with the CPEB-maskin complex, the master regulator common to the CPE-containing mRNAs, XPum acts as a specific regulator that determines the timing of translational activation of cyclin B1 mRNA by its release from phosphorylated CPEB during oocyte maturation (Nakahata, 2003).
One possible mechanism of translational activation of cyclin B1 mRNA is that a dissociation of XPum from phosphorylated CPEB during oocyte maturation induces destabilization of the CPEB-maskin-eIF4E complex and provides a cue that leads to unmasking of cyclin B1 mRNA by the mechanism common to CPE-containing mRNAs. In this respect, it is noteworthy that phosphorylation of CPEB on Ser210, which occurs about the time of cyclin B1 translation, is sufficient for selective translational activation of cyclin B1. While this phenomenon has been explained in relation to degradation of CPEB, it is also conceivable that the later phosphorylation of CPEB induces release of XPum from the CPEB-maskin-eIF4E complex and that this event triggers translational activation of cyclin B1. Consistent with this possibility, it has been demonstrated that phosphorylation of CPEB is required for its dissociation from a large ribonucleoprotein complex upon oocyte maturation, prior to degradation (Nakahata, 2003).
Puf proteins are developmental regulators that control mRNA stability and translation by binding sequences in the 3' untranslated regions of their target mRNAs. The structure of the RNA binding domain of the human Puf protein, Pumilio1, has been determined, bound to a high-affinity RNA ligand. The RNA binds the concave surface of the molecule, where each of the protein's eight repeats makes contacts with a different RNA base via three amino acid side chains at conserved positions. These three side chains were mutated in one repeat, thereby altering the sequence specificity of Pumilio1. Thus, the high affinity and specificity of the PUM-HD for RNA is achieved using multiple copies of a simple repeated motif (Wang, 2002).
Germ cell development is complex; it encompasses specification of germ cell fate, mitotic replication of early germ cell populations, and meiotic and postmeiotic development. Meiosis alone may require several hundred genes, including homologs of the BOULE (BOL) and PUMILIO (PUM) gene families. Both BOL and PUM homologs encode germ cell specific RNA binding proteins in diverse organisms where they are required for germ cell development. Human BOL forms homodimers and is able to interact with a PUMILIO homolog, PUM2. The domain of BOL that is required for dimerization and for interaction with PUM2 was mapped. BOL and PUM2 can form a complex on a subset of PUM2 RNA targets that is distinct from targets bound by PUM2 and another deleted in azoospermia (DAZ) family member, DAZ-like (DAZL). This suggests that RNA sequences bound by PUM2 may be determined by protein interactions. This data also suggests that although the BOL, DAZ, and DAZL proteins are all members of the same gene family, they may function in distinct molecular complexes during human germ cell development (Urano, 2005).
Members of the Pumilio and DAZL family of RNA binding proteins are required for germ cell development in Drosophila, Xenopus, and Caenorhabditis elegans. This study reports identification and characterization of RNA sequences to which PUM2 and DAZL bind. Human PUM2 specifically recognizes the Drosophila Pumilio RNA target (the NRE or Nanos regulator element sequence); single nucleotide changes in the NRE abolished PUM2 binding. Then, coimmunoprecipitation was used to isolate human transcripts specifically bound by PUM2 and DAZL and subsequently those were identified that contain NRE-like sequence elements. The interacting proteins, PUM2 and DAZL, are capable of binding the same RNA target and mRNA sequences bound by both proteins in the 3'UTR of human SDAD1 mRNA were further characterized. Taken together, the results define sequences to which these germ cell-specific RNA binding proteins may bind to promote germ cell development (Fox, 2005)., it (Vessey, 2006).
Key regulators of 3' untranslated regions (3' UTRs) are microRNAs and RNA-binding proteins (RBPs). The p27 tumour suppressor is highly expressed in quiescent cells, and its downregulation is required for cell cycle entry after growth factor stimulation. Intriguingly, p27 accumulates in quiescent cells despite high levels of its inhibitors miR-221 and miR-222. This study shows that miR-221 and miR-222 are underactive towards p27-3' UTR in quiescent cells, as a result of target site hindrance. Pumilio-1 (PUM1) is a ubiquitously expressed RBP that was shown to interact with p27-3' UTR. In response to growth factor stimulation, PUM1 is upregulated and phosphorylated for optimal induction of its RNA-binding activity towards the p27-3' UTR. PUM1 binding induces a local change in RNA structure that favours association with miR-221 and miR-222, efficient suppression of p27 expression, and rapid entry to the cell cycle. This study has therefore uncovered a novel RBP-induced structural switch modulating microRNA-mediated gene expression regulation (Kedde, 2010).
Temporal control of messenger RNA (mRNA) translation is an important mechanism for regulating cellular, neuronal, and developmental processes. However, mechanisms that coordinate timing of translational activation remain largely unresolved. Full-grown oocytes arrest meiosis at prophase I and deposit dormant mRNAs. Of these, translational control of cyclin B1 mRNA in response to maturation-inducing hormone is important for normal progression of oocyte maturation, through which oocytes acquire fertility. This study found that dormant cyclin B1 mRNA forms granules in the cytoplasm of zebrafish and mouse oocytes. Real-time imaging of translation revealed that the granules disassemble at the time of translational activation during maturation. Formation of cyclin B1 RNA granules requires binding of the mRNA to Pumilio1 protein and depends on actin filaments. Disruption of cyclin B1 RNA granules accelerates the timing of their translational activation after induction of maturation, whereas stabilization hinders translational activation. Thus, these results suggest that RNA granule formation is critical for the regulation of timing of translational activation (Kotani, 2013).
date revised: 5 August 2011
Home page: The Interactive Fly © 1995, 1996 Thomas B. Brody, Ph.D.
The Interactive Fly resides on the
Society for Developmental Biology's Web server.Josef Regli of Canreg Station Farm and Pasture Dairy near Cornwall, Ontario, has gone on a hunger strike to protest attempts by South Stormount township council to apply regulations that are near-impossible for a small producer.
Regli, originally from Switzerland, says he attempted a small expansion when demand for the farmstead cheese he produces started to grow. Regli admits his mistake was not seeking a permit, but once he tried to correct it with the municipality, administrators wanted to treat him like a major cheese producer instead of the tiny farmer he says he is. It meant costs and rules he simply wouldn’t be able to afford.
Read more and watch video:
Regli and his family have been legally producing sheep’s milk cheese since 2008. Canreg’s cheese has found many fans, including Vanessa Simmons, cheese sommelier at Savvy Company. Click here to read her take on Pecorino Classico.
UPDATE
“Because of the great support and the direct intervention from so many people, the situation is for now somehow under control,” Josef Regli said an email to CheeseLover.ca on December 2. “The Township officials are in the progress of working out a feasible solution together with us.”
Filed under: Canreg Station Farm and Pasture Dairy, Cheese business, Savvy Company, Sheep cheese, Vanessa Simmons |
Great to hear that a resolution is in the works however there is a desperate need for a reasoned approach to the artisanal food providers moving forward. If we want more selection than that that the factory food provide then we must recognize that the ability of the small, local producer to meet the regulations designed for conglomerates is just not feasible and besides, most of the problems in our food chain have come not from the small producers but from the factory producers.The Supreme Court today said the company law tribunal should have taken its leave before allowing the Centre to take over the management of embattled realty firm Unitech Limited, as it was seized of the matter. A bench comprising Chief Justice Dipak Misra and Justices A M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud asked the Centre why it had not taken the apex court's permission to move the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT) for suspension of Unitech's directors and their substitution by government nominees. "The leave of this court, which is seized of the matter, should have been taken by the NCLT," the bench observed, adding, "we are only asking that we are seized of the matter and the NCLT is passing the order".Unitech takeover: SC raps Centre on moving NCLTMy husband Dan and I drove our friends John and Peggy Brandt to our State Capitol in Madison, Wisconsin for Advocacy Day on March 17. It was a very windy day to climb the “Hill” as the Capitol is referred to in Madison. It felt good to get inside and out of the wind.
We met up with over 100 other advocates from the Alzheimer’s Association at the Capitol Lakes Retirement Center. There was a warm welcome by Kari Paterson, Executive Director of the Alzheimer’s Association of South Central Wisconsin. Tim Harrington, Development Coordinator, Workplace Relations and Advocacy Focus for the Alzheimer’s Association of Southeastern Wisconsin gave a recap of advocacy efforts in 2015. By the time the day was coming to a close, I was exhausted ) ; I just wanted to curl up and nap.
From the hand out information I was given, I found this statistic to be impactful: More than 28 million Baby Boomers in the United States are expected to develop Alzheimer’s disease between 2015 and 2050. My hope is that the medical community will continue to research this disease so that the next generation will be free of it.
~Barbara Cheek Johnson is a journalist living with early-stage Alzheimer’s disease~
It was a pleasure to meet Barbara and Dan during the 2016 Advocacy Forum in Washington DC. I wish them the best in their fight against the disease and our continued fight to end Alzheimer’s.Design a Flyer for a School
Resumo do Concurso
I require an A5 2 sided flyer for a school. The general feel the flyer is aiming to give off is upmarket so the design should reflect this.
The front of the flyer should incorporate the attached image with the reverse containing text.
I like the idea of a gold font on red background to reflect the school's brand, however this may be too bold so you will have to use your own judgement as to whether this is appropriate.
This project is on an urgent turnaround so early entries will be given preference.
Text for the font of the flyer:
Wickham Court Preparatory School Has Changed
Text for the reverse of the flyer:
Ownership of Wickham Court has changed and the school is undergoing a period of investment in order to build on our already strong education.
- Small classes
- Low fees
- Traditional family values
- Strong academic results
- Stunning location for learning
Come and see for yourself, contact us for more information or to arrange an appointment:
Tel: 020 87772942
Web: [url removed, login to view]
Layhams Road, West Wickham, Kent, BR4 9HW
Habilidades Recomendadas
Principais inscrições deste concurso
- GreenworksInc Philippines
- filipscridon Romania
- designBox16 Bolivia
- designBox16 Bolivia
- GabrielaNastase Romania
- florinmirion Romania
- Yourlogoworks United States
- Jayshree79!The Heart of a Dog – Finances and Fundraising
Unbelievably, in the not-quite 72 hours since our Kickstarter campaign launched, we’ve received $925 in pledges of our $1,000 goal.
This is pretty overwhelming and we are INCREDIBLY grateful.
We’ve heard (directly and back-channel) that some folks are reluctant to give any money over Kickstarter because it requires that you register with the site – I believe all you have to give is an email address in this regard. I gave money to The Hinterlands at the end of ’09 and haven’t received any spammish stuff from Kickstarter since then. I think the reason for the emails is so that when we post updates you get emails saying that we posted updates. Social media stuff.
Other folks just don’t like giving out credit cards online. Fear not! If you’d like to help us out, we’ll be doing three benefit performances at Moct in May – the 6th, 13th, and 20th – three Thursdays. Alternately, you can make a check out to Bad Soviet Habits and send it in by traditional snail mail, which would make the post office happy.
Here’s how our budget roughly breaks down:
Minimal purchases for production: 50
Plane fare: 2 @ 1050 = 2100
Festival registration: 2 @ ~400 = 800
Prague housing for 2: ~700
Minneapolis transportation: ~150
Minneapolis housing: probably free, the MN Fringe is usually able to house out-of-towners
I’m not including meals and such for either city, but this alone brings us up to about $3800. We’ll get a cut of our box office at both Fringes (we’re not charging for the Milwaukee shows, over which we have control, but the Fringes always charge for tickets). Last year Decaffeinated Tragedy generated about $250. If we do very well at the two festivals, maybe we make $800 and our out-of-pocket is an even $3,000 or so.
The pledges to Kickstarter have already dropped this by a third – SO THANK YOU!|||
How to Subscribe
About
Our Mission
Our Staff
More news/videos
Events & News
News
Photo Albums
Commentary
Photo Archive
OLA students buy chickens, ducks, llama, pig ...
January
30
,
2015
By Tanya Connor
WORCESTER – After hearing a speaker talk about hunger, a sixth-grader at Our Lady of the Angels Elementary School brought in $20 - to buy chickens – his teacher Nancy Chase said.
Nolan Sweetser’s generosity multiplied. Friday his class gave the speaker $1,000 – to buy more livestock. The money is for Heifer International to use to help hungry people around the world raise and cook food.
“You’re igniting a hopefully deeper faith – on both sides,” said the sixth-graders’ computer teacher, John Kottori, who’s working with Mrs. Chase and planning a lesson called “Faith 2 Faith.” He said it’s about “understanding these communities that really need these animals to survive, and, through our faith, wanting to do something, in hopes the people receiving these animals realize the ones that helped them have the same faith. It’s got to start with our faith: understanding, caring and action.”
John Perkins, Heifer International’s area volunteer coordinator for central Massachusetts, a member of Our Lady of the Angels Parish, said he spoke to the class last fall. Then they visited Heifer Farm in Rutland, one of Heifer International’s learning centers.
“They actually got to milk the goats, collect chicken eggs and spin some wool,” he said.
“He inspired them,” said Mrs. Chase, who was teaching them about world hunger for their school service project this year. The day after he spoke, Nolan brought in his own money, which started the collection, she said.
“I was hoping we could raise some money,” she said, noting that she coordinated a similar collection for Heifer International at the school some years ago. “I wanted to make the kids aware of what people have and don’t have. It was right before Christmas and this was a Christmas collection.”
“In lieu of gifts to the teacher” the sixth-graders brought donations for Heifer International, Mr. Perkins explained.
The 30 students brought in more than $400, she matched it, and someone else gave $200, Mrs. Chase said.
“I’m ecstatic that they can actually have an impact,” she said of the students.
“I’m just so proud of them,” Mrs. Chase said. “They’re happy doing this. … There was a big discussion about the best way to spend the money” to benefit the most people.
The decision? A flock of chicks, ducks and geese; three goats, a pig, a llama, two beehives, an irrigation pump and two bio-gas cooking stoves.
“I’ve seen stoves like these in action,” he said. The stoves are important because cooking over an open fire is bad for people’s health and for the environment, he said. Some people will be really grateful “you helped them with that,” he said.
He told of a study Heifer International did in Thailand looking at what some of its projects accomplished.
“They found people had greater food variety, better nutrition, better health,” he said. This, and the various types of improvements in other countries, enabled more children to attend school. He said education is a way to help end poverty.
“For every year a girl goes to school, her income increases by 20 percent,” (double that of the boys), he said. “When we get better food into people, they learn better.”
He also praised how the OLA students learn. He said that during his fall presentation, “They were so responsive I did something I normally do with high school kids – a visualization of what it’s like to live in poverty. I basically take them to visit a family in Honduras I knew.”
He has students imagine removing from their lives seven things – including things such as electricity, food and health care. They learned the lesson well and responded.
“And the last thing you take away from them is hope,” he said, explaining that one of the family members died.Buffalo Prairie Dental
3327 Main St # B Keokuk, Iowa 52632(319) 524-8811
Print | Save | Directions
AboutBuffalo Prairie Dental is located at the address 3327 Main St in Keokuk, Iowa 52632. They can be contacted via phone at (319) 524-8811 for pricing, hours and directions. Buffalo Prairie Dental specializes in Oral Disease, Headaches, Dentistry.
Buffalo Prairie Dental has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .For more information contact D'Aunn Sturhahn, Manager
Buffalo Prairie Dental provides Referrals, Orthodontics, Oral Surgery to it's customers. For maps and directions to Buffalo Prairie Dental view the map to the right. For reviews of Buffalo Prairie Dental see below.
Business Features
SERVICES
- Bleaching , Invisalign , Oral Surgery , Orthodontics , Referrals , Cleanings , General Dentistry , Root Canals , Replacements , Cleaning & Polishing
SPECIALTIES
- Oral Cancer , Infections , Headaches , Cavities , Pediatric Dentistry , Oral Disease , Root Canal Therapy , Dentistry , Craniofacial Pain , Chips
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (319) 524-8811
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: D'Aunn
Main Contact Last Name: Sturhahn
Main Contact Title: Manager
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 10
Exact Sales Volume: 750000
Location Type: Single Location
Payment Modes: Payment Plans
Professionals On Staff: Dentists, Orthodontists
Professionals On Staff Syn: Dds
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
Service Features: Insurance Accepted
Service Features Syn: Dental Plans, Insurance Plans
Special Hours: Emergency Services
Special Hours Syn: Emergency Dental Care
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Buffalo Prairie Dental Care
3327 Main st, # B Keokuk, Iowa 52632
Richard H Georges Dds
728 Eicher St Keokuk, Iowa 52632
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- D'aunn Sturhahn
- MANAGER
- Phone: (319) 524-881116-19 Study Programme Requirements
Here at Manor Academy, it is our goal that all students who enter the Sixth Form, Manor College, in future will include applied and vocational qualifications. We also offer an Extended Project Qualification to all of our students to supplement their studies and show future employers/educational institutions a student’s broader research based skills.
Where students gain entry to Sixth Form without English/maths GCSE graded 9 -4,, to offer students work experience and a comprehensive view on apprenticeships. University visits, outreach visits and careers fair visits complete our programme of information on the next steps.Hello on this finally gorgeous Friday!! I have been making, making, making for some posts for next week. I will be participating a fun collaboration between Peachy Keen Stamps and Miss Kate Cuttables, and the wheels just won’t stop turning!
I thought I would take a break and play with some things I ordered recently from Paper Smooches and play along with their Anything Goes challenge this week!
I used the Friend Word Die and the Tri-balation stamp set along with a doily cut from the Silhouette store and some Platinum Shimmer twine from The Twinery.
Here is a more detailed close-up:
Thanks for stopping by and I hope to see you again soon!
LOVE how dang cute this is!!!
I LOVE the feathers! Great color combo, too!
Thanks for joining us this week at Paper Smooches Sparks!
I was just going to use that Tri-balation stamp set on my feathers for a Virtual Smooches video! ACK! LOOOOOVE:) THANKS so much for joining in the fun with the Paper Smooches Sparks challenge;)
Hope you play along with us this week for our Picture Perfect challenge <3Ellen Datlow, editor
Night Shade Books
June 7, 2016
Reviewed by William Grabowski
Ellen Books’. Among these are standouts like Gary McMahon, whose “My Boy Builds Coffins” begins as a claustrophobic set-piece and a lad with a fresh hobby as distressing as it is incomprehensible. Dread rises cold behind Mother’s and Father’s facile dismissals. I was glad having my smug “I know where this is going” certainty obliterated by McMahon’s sure handling of what feels like inverted folklore howling with phobic panic and loss. A nice setup for Tamsyn Muir’s epistolary “The Woman in the Hill,” whose brave and empathetic women search for the missing after crossing an ominous threshold in a Waikopua hillside. Their horrifying encounters evoke awe, an indelible terror and mystery invading emotional control. The darkly mythic gravity reflects that of all ancient, or infrequently explored, landscapes onto which we project fantasies, fears, and despair—or is it the other way around?
“Wilderness remained a place of evil and spiritual catharsis,” warns Letitia Trent’s “Wilderness.” “Any place in which a person feels stripped, lost, or perplexed, might be called a wilderness.” Which defines the events centering on a lone young woman waiting in a small community airport. In a very few pages, Trent manages a chilly unease as recently jobless Krista surveys the others—family types scarfing pizza, absorbed by cell phones, some casting suspicious glances and—following a break outdoors after the expected flight is announced as late-coming—questions at the single woman’s apparent menace. When police wearing gasmasks show up, and assure everything’s okay, the collective fear increases. Returning from the bathroom, Krista finds herself victimized by hysteria born of 9/11 and our sense of ever-intrusive surveillance. If you’re looking for an example of literary horror as mirror of psychosocial trauma, here it is. A masterful, unsettling work.
Speaking of unsettling, Laird Barron’s “In a Cavern, In a Canyon,” for me pulled off the exceedingly unlikely “trick” of evoking revulsion simultaneous with existential nausea. Akin to the tales from McMahon, Muir, and Neil Gaiman’s novelette “Black Dog,” Barron’s morphs the potently folkloric into contemporary horror whose elements of deadpan absurdity tear apart our casual assumptions of the universe as a mostly rational “place.” We very much like his smart, rough-edged protagonist still struggling in middle-age to unpuzzle her father’s strange disappearance, and life itself. She makes a tough decision, and choked my jaded heart. Barron’s ability to create a visceral sense of mystery—unfathomable, even anguished—is startling.
Other standouts in a volume of same: Reggie Oliver’s “The Rooms Are High,” Priya Sharma’s “Fabulous Beasts,” Stephen Bacon’s “Lord of the Sand,” Brian Hodge’s “This Stagnant Breath of Change,” and Carmen Maria Machado’s “Descent.”
The maturity, craft, and frightening imaginative power so evident in these writers gives me hope for the future of short fiction.Have you ever cooked cinnamon rolls with bacon tucked inside? Or, maybe you wrapped bacon around the cinnamon rolls?
I don’t know what got into me recently, but I wondered how it would taste together. I couldn’t stop thinking about it. We in the south call it a hankering.
Yep, I had a hankering.
For my first try, I took out a refrigerator package of cinnamon roll dough and lined them inside a prepared pan.
I removed a few slices of my Baked Bacon from the freezer.
After crumbling the bacon slices, you need to separated the cinnamon roll swirls a bit and tuck the bacon bits between the layers.
Bake according to the package directions. Remove from oven and let cool about five minutes.
Next comes the glaze.
These were very good when they were warm.
But, I thought they could use a stronger bacon flavor. So, next time I’ll make them the same way I did the home-made version I’ll show you next.
Since making the Home-Made Swedish Crescent Rolls in early December, I wanted to mix up another batch of dough and make cinnamon rolls. Perfect! 🙂
It was the perfect opportunity to try a different way to flavor cinnamon rolls with bacon.
After letting the dough sit in the refrigerator over night, divide the dough into four parts. Roll one portion at a time, into a rectangle. Brush dough with melted butter, then sprinkle with sugar, cinnamon, and chopped pecans (optional).
Roll from the long edge into a log, and then slice.
Place on pans and cover with dish towels for two hours, just as you do when making the crescent rolls.
While rolls are rising, bake a package of bacon for less time than usual so it’s a little floppy.
After two hours, remove towels from pans. Carefully pull apart pinwheels and insert a bacon slice (or half of a slice).
It does damage the rising slightly, but it doesn’t hurt the end product at all.
I cooked one pan without bacon. See how pretty they are when they’ve risen?
The rolls with the bacon cooked in 12-15 minutes (at 375 degrees). Since the bacon was only partially cooked, it cooks a little more inside the rolls and is perfectly done – just like the rolls.
I didn’t add a glaze to these home-made rolls, but I’ll definitely try that next time.
I’ll report back with the results. 😉
Do you love bacon? Do you like it combined with sweets?
Blessings~
Well, Kim you have made my mouth water! I love a sweet and savory dish, so this sounds absolutely perfect! I laughed when you said the bacon needs to be floppy, good description! Thanks for sharing and have a wonderful Tuesday, my friend!
Pam Richardson recently posted…Tablescape Tuesday: Hearts of Love
Yes, I have recently discovered I like the sweet and savory combo, too. Next time I eat the home-made bacon cinnamon rolls, I’m slathering glaze over them! I hope you’ve had a wonderful Tuesday!
Sign me up!! You’re killing me with the home baked rolls though, you make it sound so easy!
Jenna recently posted…Tablescapes, Aqua Ice
You do a lot more cooking posts than I do, Jenna. I have TIME to make home baked rolls! They really aren’t that hard. I mixed up a batch of dough last Friday and then realized I was leaving town and had to make the cinnamon rolls Sunday afternoon and let them rise during church. The final rise was double the time it should have been, but they turned out just fine. You really can’t ruin these rolls! (Otherwise, I’d be a big failure at it.)SPEAKER
Posted by Robert Homann on Jul 06, 2016
Our speaker today was Rick Hardina talking about Honor Flight Arizona. Matt Ruppert presented Rick with a check for $2,000 from the club for HFA.
The Honor Flight program has now pretty well included every living WW II veteran in AZ who is able or willing to make the trip. There may be as few as 47 who are too ill or unwilling to make the trip for various reasons. Honor Flight Arizona started in 2008. Since then, they have sent over 1,000 AZ WWII vets on 56 flights to the DC area. In the fall, they will begin switching over to Korean War vets. The flight costs $900 for family members and volunteers who accompany the vets on the flight. They pay this out of pocket. The flight crew from Southwest airlines are all volunteers. There is a doctor aboard each flight in case health issues arise. Each vet has a family guardian who accompanies him/her on the trip
Rick showed a video that followed a typical flight from beginning to end. It starts with breakfast at Sky Harbor followed by a procession to the gate which always leads to applause from people in the airport and a special send off group of volunteers. The plane flies to Baltimore where it is greeted by a firetruck water salute over the plane. Their visit in D.C. lasts 3 days. They visit the WW II memorial, the Korean War Memorial, the Vietnam War Memorial, the Marines Memorial, and the Seabees Memorial. They also visit the FDR Memorial, the Lincoln Memorial, the Washington Monument, the US Naval Academy, Arlington National Cemetery, and Ft. McHenry. Senator Jeff Flake visited the vets while they were at the WW II memorial. One of the touching moments was the interaction between the vets and kids and adults at the memorials. Rick said the vets remember the kids the most from their visit. On the flight home, they have a "mail call" in which each vet gets notes of appreciation from family members, friends and volunteers. There is a reception committee waiting for them when they deplane at Sky Harbor who cheer their arrival back. Many of the vets saluted as they got off the plane. "America the Beautiful" was being played in the background. Each vet later gets a video of their experience to share with others.
Rick's presentation on Honor Flight Arizona was one of the most moving we have ever heard. President Matt, an ex-Marine, took awhile to get his composure back as was true for some other club members. Rick said if anyone wants to volunteer for the send off group or the welcome back group, just contact him.LAWS 4430 Employee Benefits Law (Fall: 3 )
Course Description
Retirement plans, health insurance and other employee benefit plans are central features of the employer-employee relationship in the United States. The legal regulation of such plans is highly relevant for the practice of corporate, labor, tax, trust, domestic relations, and health care law, and is at the forefront of current policy debates about health and retirement security for U.S. workers. The course will survey the main types of health and retirement plans and examine the rules governing coverage, vesting, funding, fiduciary standards, integration with Social Security, claims administration, remedies, and preemption of state law. It will also consider how the decline of traditional pension plans and the recent healthcare reform impact the existing regulatory scheme for employee benefits in both the private and public sectors.
Instructor(s):
Last Updated: 02-Apr-14All Girls' Soccer Content..
All-Area soccer: The list
All-Area soccer: Player of the Year Katelynn Martinez
CHAMPAIGN — The destiny of Centennial's Class of 2013 was determined when the soccer-playing members of the group were freshmen.
That spring, in 2010, a ninth-grader was the Area Player of the Year for the first time in girls' soccer..
Bulletin Board: 8 selected to Shrine game
Eight from area in Shrine game
BLOOMINGTON — The 37-player East roster for the annual Shrine all-star high school football game features eight former area athletes.
Chargers come up just short in soccer
NORMAL — Comeback victories are nothing new for this Centennial girls' soccer team, but overcoming a three-goal deficit would be.
That's the situation the Chargers faced Friday at halftime of their Class 2A sectional title match against Normal University High at Normal West High School.
Commenting
Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books.
Smartphones can do almost anything, except when you cannot find them. Lawyers have a tendency to stack files, papers, books, and cups of coffee all over their desk—leaving lots of good hiding places for a smartphone.
If you cannot find your phone, here are some easy ways to find it. Disclaimer: losing my phone was not the inspiration for this post.
Use a website to call your phone
Maybe you are embarrassed to ask your co-worker to call your phone. Maybe you do not like talking to other people. Maybe you are the only person in your office at the moment. Regardless of the reason, there are plenty of ways to call your phone.
You can try out this nifty website, cleverly named icantfindmyphone. The site will call your phone and when you answer, tell you that you found your phone. The site claims that is for entertainment purposes and will not result in any spam.
If you have a Skype or Google Voice number, you can also call your phone from your computer. Trust me, it can be quite handy.
Track your phone
If you have an iPhone and a MobileMe account, you can search for your phone through the “find my phone” feature on your MobileMe site. You can send a message to your phone or play a sound. You can remotely lock your phone. Best of all, you can wipe your phone remotely.
Be sure to give it a minute to work. I was just informed that I am apparently in the middle of the Mississippi river, but my location has now been updated to our office which overlooks the river.
Google’s Android operating system also seems to have a variety of applications that allow you to track your phone. If you have used one of them, I would love to hear about it.TELEHEALTH INTERVENTIONS TO IMPROVE CLINICAL NURSING CARE Release Date: September 22, 2000 PA NUMBER: PA-00-138 National Institute of Nursing Research National Library of Medicine THIS PA USES THE "MODULAR GRANT" AND "JUST-IN-TIME" CONCEPTS. IT INCLUDES DETAILED MODIFICATIONS TO STANDARD APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS THAT MUST BE USED WHEN PREPARING APPLICATIONS IN RESPONSE TO THIS PA. PURPOSE This Program Announcement (PA) solicits applications for investigator- initiated research related to telehealth interventions designed to improve clinical nursing care. Telehealth is defined as the “use of communications technologies to provide and support health care at a distance. Examples include the use of communications to provide patient treatment, often via still images or video, and the exchange and distribution of public health information.” Nursing has taken a leadership role in the development and application of telehealth approaches to clinical care, but few research data are available to provide a scientific base for the efficacy of these interventions. The goal of this PA is to stimulate clinical research on innovative nursing telehealth interventions, particularly their use among a wide variety of clinical situations, diverse patient populations, and different clinical settings. HEALTHY PEOPLE 2010 The Public Health Service (PHS) is committed to achieving the health promotion and disease prevention objectives of "Healthy People 2010," a PHS led national activity for setting priority areas. This Program Announcement (PA), Telehealth Interventions to Improve Clinical Nursing Care, (Research Project Grant Background In 1993, NINR published a report entitled “Nursing Informatics: Enhancing Patient Care.” This report is available at. Subsequently, a Program Announcement “Enhancing Clinical Care Through Nursing Informatics” (PA95-010; 12/2/94) was published. This report and program announcement were focused on research on the use of nursing information systems to strengthen the quality of clinical care provided, specifically in the areas of management and processing of clinical nursing data, processes and outcomes of care, and clinical decision making. This current program announcement builds on these prior initiatives, but moves beyond the realm of clinical language and hospital-based clinical information systems, to define the current area of research interest as telehealth interventions. Telehealth is defined by the Federal Communication.” Telehealth interventions, which include telemedicine applications, have been used in various forms for the past 40 years. Specifically, nursing telehealth interventions have been applied to a wide array of clinical practice situations. Research has demonstrated the utility of some of these interventions, including the use of telephone calls to deliver all or part of the nursing intervention, the use of computer network systems for patients and their caregivers, the use of home monitoring devices to transmit data electronically to practitioners at a distance, and the use of computer-based instructional programs for patients and their caregivers. The rapid proliferation of recent computer, communications, and other technological advances allows new and creative ways to provide telehealth interventions, supporting the delivery of nursing care for patients at a distant location. This is particularly evident in the recent wide-spread use of the internet to deliver health-related information, partially in response to the increasing consumer/patient demand for accessing electronic health information. Another example is the increasing use of telephone systems in which nurses provide health information and advice. In addition, creative new telehealth strategies are used to support decision-making by nurses and other health care practitioners about patients who are located at distant sites, including rural areas. These current telehealth interventions are consistent with the National Institutes of Health’s biomedical engineering initiatives, by integrating multidisciplinary approaches to develop innovative informatics approaches for the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disease, for patient rehabilitation, and for improving health. Additional information about this NIH initiative is found at Today’s telehealth approaches, particularly those related to nursing care, have the potential to serve a wide range of populations and to make a significant contribution to the nature and delivery of health care. They are envisioned to improve quality of care, improve clinical outcomes, achieve better individualization or tailoring of health care, improve access to health care practitioners, and improve cost efficiency of interventions. There is a lack of research data, however, to support the efficacy of recently-developed telehealth interventions and systems, and to support the use of telehealth interventions among a wide variety of clinical situations, with diverse patients, and in a variety of settings. References: Balas, EA and Iakovidis, I. (1999). Distance Technologies for Patient Monitoring. BMJ: 319: 1309-1311. Committee on Enhancing the Internet for Health Applications. (2000). Networking Health: Prescriptions for the Internet. Washington, DC: National Academy Press. Eng, TR and Gustafson, DH (Eds.). (1999). Wired for Health and Well-Being: The Emergence of Interactive Health Communication. Washington, DC: DHHS. Eysenbach, G; Sa, ER; and Diepgen, TL. (1999). Shopping Around the Internet Today and Tomorrow: Towards the Millennium of Cybermedicine. BMJ: 319: 1294- 1298. Field, MJ (Ed.). (1996). Telemedicine: A Guide to Assessing Telecommunications in Health Care. Washington, DC: Institute of Medicine. National Center for Nursing Research. (1993). Nursing Informatics: Enhancing Patient Care. Bethesda, MD: NIH Publication No. 93-2419. Scope This PA solicits applications that investigate innovative and creative telehealth interventions that are used in clinical nursing care and that are designed to contribute to high-quality, cost-effective patient-oriented care for patients at a distant location. Of particular interest are those proposals that investigate telehealth interventions resulting from recent technological advances, including the internet and telemetric interfaces. Applications that seek to test new telehealth interventions for minority or underserved patient populations, diverse clinical situations, and/or diverse clinical settings are particularly encouraged. Applications that involve multidisciplinary collaborations are also encouraged. Listed below are examples of studies that would be appropriate for this program announcement. They are not listed in any priority order and are not intended to be inclusive or restrictive. These examples are only illustrative examples, and applicants are encouraged to propose other topics consistent with the goals of this program. Evaluate the effect of telehealth interventions on a range of patient outcomes, including physiologic and psychosocial outcomes and quality of life, as well as cost effectiveness of these interventions; Determine the ability of internet and other telehealth intervention approaches to achieve better individualization or tailoring of nursing care; Determine which types of patients are most likely to benefit from the use of specific nursing telehealth interventions; Evaluate the ability of telehealth approaches to enhance patients’ and/or caregivers’ access to health care; Investigate the efficacy of nursing telehealth interventions for a broad range of patient populations, including healthy populations and those with chronic illnesses; children and elderly; individual patients vs. populations; and patients in diverse settings (e.g., rural locations, nursing homes); Explore the effect of innovative telehealth interventions for assessing and monitoring biological, immunological, and other physiological patient parameters; Determine whether age-, gender-, culture-, or ethnically-related factors are associated with the effective use of nursing telehealth interventions; Test the effect of telehealth interventions in improving coordination and care delivery for specific patient populations, e.g., those with disabilities and multiple chronic illnesses; Evaluate the efficacy of nurse advice systems in promoting improved patient outcomes, improving quality of life, access to care, and improving patient satisfaction; Determine ways to integrate bioimaging information with other patient data in communicating from small rural hospitals with large teaching hospitals; Test effective ways of integrating telehealth interventions with other types of interventions; and Investigate effective ways to maximize consumer use of and satisfaction with telehealth R01. Carole Hudgings Office of Extramural Programs National Institute of Nursing Research Building 45, Room 3AN12 45 Center Drive, MSC 6300 Bethesda, MD 20892-6300 Telephone: (301) 594-5976 FAX: (301) 480-8260 Email: carole_hudgings@nih.gov Dr. Milton Corn Acting Associate Director Division of Extramural Programs National Library of Medicine Rockledge One Building 6705 Rockledge Drive, Suite 301 Bethesda, MD 20892 Telephone: (301) 496-4621 FAX: (301) 402-2952 Email: milton_corn@nlm.nih.gov Direct inquiries regarding fiscal matters to: Mr. Jeff Carow Office of Grants and Contracts Management National Institute of Nursing Research Building 45, Room 3AN12 45 Center Drive, MSC 6300 Bethesda, MD 20892-6300 Telephone: (301) 594-6869 FAX: (301) 480-8260 Email: jeff_carow@nih.gov Mr. Dwight Mowery Grants Management Office Division of Extramural Programs National Library of Medicine Rockledge One Building 6705 Rockledge Drive, Suite 301 Bethesda, MD 20892 Telephone: (301) 406-4221 FAX: (301) 402-0421 Email: Dwight_mowery@nlm.nih.gov AUTHORITY AND REGULATIONS This program is described in the Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance No. 93.361 (NINR) and 93.879 (NLA brand-new book from Springer press is sure to become a staple in our bookshelves. Agent-based Modeling and Simulation in Archaeology provides a much-needed update, in one solid volume, on the methods and practice of using agent-based modeling to understand the past.
The two introductory chapters serve to highlight the utility of abm, in general terms with Lake’s “Explaining the Past with ABM” chapter, and in more specificity with Swedlund et al’s “Modeling Archaeology” chapter, which delves into the case-study of Artificial Anasazi. Lake specifically tells us that there is a large
“advantage of adding computer simulation to the archaeologists toolkit: not only [does] it force us to codify and make explicit our assumptions, but… it also allows us to explore the outcome of behaviors which can no longer be observed and for which there is no reliable recent historical record. In addition, it allows us to explore the outcome of behavior aggregated at the often coarse grained spatial and temporal resolution of the archaeological record.” (Lake, p. 9, this volume).
So say we all.
The most useful portion of this book to those new to agent-based modeling is probably the Methods section. While Railsback and Grimm have written the seminal text on learning agent-based modeling, their ecological approach can sometimes leave archaeologists scratching their heads. The four chapters on methods in this volume, however, concretely link ABM approaches with archaeology, discussing the unique sets of challenges we face in archaeology and how simulation methods can address those questions. Those concerned with questions that are tied intrinsically to the landscape will especially enjoy Koch’s “Geosimulation” chapter, while each of us should probably memorize Popper and Pichler’s “Reproducibility” chapter, and attempt to keep our work transparent, as they so rightly suggest.
The Applications section of this book provides four unique case studies that use ABM in varied situations. Each of these is well-researched and provide different viewpoints in how to use ABM effectively in archaeology. From Crema’s analysis of fission-fusion dynamics, to Kowarik et al’s and Danielisová et al’s chapters on prehistoric economies, to Barceló et al’s look at territoriality and social networks, these chapters are sure to provide good fodder for learning about different archaeological systems and how ABM can bring light to muddy portions of our understanding.
Despite being heavily cited, this book left out (as authors) a few pioneers in agent-based modeling in archaeology (Kohler, Premo), which may be a reflection of the mostly-European-based authorship of the chapters in this book, or is likely due to the fact that this book is based on a meeting held in Vienna. If the book has an updated version it would be good to include other voices from across the pond.
The heavy price tag of the book ($175 on Amazon, currently $120 on Springer) might make this beyond the scope for students to whom this book seems aimed. Hopefully a less costly paperback version, or e-reader version, of this book will come out to increase its accessibility.
All in all, this book will be a worthwhile addition to our bookshelves, and I can already imagine incorporating it into courses in agent-based modeling.
Find the book, Agent-based Modeling and Simulation in Archaeology, editors Gabriel Wurzer, Kerstin Kowarik and Hans Reschreiter on Amazon, or more info on Springer.Question:
Tell me one thing you came across in the news recently and how it affects HSBC?
Student’s Answer:
I’ve been following the Eurozone crisis and I believe HSBC would be affected by any collapse in the Eurozone as ut has exposure through its Eurobond trades. However, I think that HSBC has an advantage over other banks because it has a strong capital base which it can use for hedging purposes to buy time and figure out the best strategies to minimize its exposure.
Question:
Tell me about a time you have had to deal with someone difficult at work.
Student’s Answer:
During my first year internship, I was a project assistant. My role was to find experts who could work on projects in Afghanistan and other developing countries. One day, someone I’d contacted called to express his disappointment that I’d contacted him on his work email address. Even though my manager had given me this address, I was blamed for using it and the expert was told I was new and didn’t know what I was doing. Instead of overreacting and sulking, I decided to call the expert, apologise for the error and assure him it wouldn’t happen again. I updated the database with the correct email address and the expert went on to thank me and to recommend my good behaviour to the senior partner at the firm.
Question:
What do you know about the ACA qualification?
Student’s Answer:
To be honest, I do not know a great deal about the ACA qualification. I am only in my second year and not had great exposure to it. However, I know it is an accounting qualification that will help my career prospects and build upon what I have learnt at university. I am intrigued to hear what you may have to say about it.
We cannot guarantee the authenticity of these questions nor the accuracy of the answers: they are what one candidate claims to have been asked by HSBC and have not been verified by the bank. To visit our long list of all banks’ graduate interview questions in 2013, click here.
“To be honest, I do not know a great deal about the ACA qualification. I am only in my second year and not had great exposure to it.”
?? well, wouldn’t it be better just post the questions for those who are interested in taking a look at the set of example questions and leave these nonsense ‘model’ responses out…… or has the nature of this site changed to be some kind of ‘web based comedy club’.If you want to learn about the interesting possibilities that there are in terms of arts, then you should see Carlos Cruz-Diez, this artist is surely interesting to consider because he does have a very nice style and he surely has a good way to express himself in an artistic sense!
You may want to see the artistic chromosaturation chamber where everything looks very interestingly because the colors saturated! This may look like something made in Photoshop, an edition through a computer program, but in fact, this is a place that you can visit and take pictures.
[Luis Benshimol]: Artwork
This artist has a museum under his name which is of course the museum Carlos Cruz-Diez.
This artist had the opportunity of traveling to Europe when he was improving his arts and this was a great experience because there he was able to get the father the op art whose name Victor Vasarely.
If you are into arts, then you will want to see all of the works that Carlos Cruz-Diez has been able to create. You can see how interesting are the optical illusions he created. You can get fascinated with the many possibilities that art offers and chances are that you want to see how these arts are not only impressive for people who are artists, but for people who are not. It is easy to keep an eye on these pictures because of the interesting effect and illusion that it actually creates.
Do not be that surprise if you suddenly start seeing a little distorted when you see anything else after watching these pictures for a long time. In a way or another idea is to create something like an optical illusion and you can be sure that you can expand you artistic mind after learning about artist like this one.
[Luis Benshimol]: Carlos Cruz-Diez
This Venezuelan artist is great and you can learn more about his works on the web since he totally had other great works to share with you!
By [Luis Benshimol].WATER QUALITY
Water quality affects everyone, yet our water resources can be impaired by contamination and runoff due to industry, a heavy population density, and a myriad of land and water uses. At stake are safe drinking water, clean beaches, and uncontaminated aquatic ecosystems. With many threats to water quality, IISG tackles the issue from a variety of fronts, including education.
Through K-16 education opportunities—both in and out of the classroom, students can learn how problems with water quality affect the environment and people’s lives. IISG has identified data-rich, interactive classroom activities and background resources to enhance students’ understanding of essential water quality issues.
Water Quality Workshop on S/V Denis Sullivan Schooner
Teachers will experience the Great Lakes directly on this world-class Schooner, the Denis Sullivan and receive hands-on training from Center for Great Lakes Literacy staff, with water quality monitoring equipment used by scientists (available for loan to educators during the school year). In addition to learning about field trip opportunities in the Lake Michigan watershed, teachers will receive free Great Lakes resources for their classrooms and earn a stipend for implementing a stewardship project in the classroom.
Products
Greatest of the Great Lakes--Classroom Activity Collection
How Big is a Crowd?
How Does Stratification Affect Water Quality?
Beach Mysteries
Where Do all the Toxins Go?
Which Fish Can We Eat?
Water Information and Concerns Fact Sheet Series
Swimming in Clean Water
Drinking Water Supplies
Dissolved Oxygen
Defining Water Quality
Water Clarity
Drinking Water: Disinfection with Chlorine
Water Taste and Odor Problems
Understanding Why Some Organic Contaminants Pose a Health Risk
Understanding Contaminated Sediments Bioavailability of Contamination
Planning with POWER
Protecting Our Water and Environmental Resources
Nonpoint Source Pollution: A Threat to our Waters
Strategies to Minimize Polluted Runoff
Relationship between Land Use Decision and Impacts on our Water and Natural Resources
Stormwater and Non-point Source Pollution
Stormwater Runoff
Web Links
COSEE Great Lake Curriculum
Project FLOW Activity: What Makes Water Healthy?
The BRIDGE, NOAA, and NMEA: Water Pollution Lesson Plans
Indiana Department of Environmental Management: Lesson Plan on Water (grades K-8)
Illinois Department of Natural Resources: Aquatic Illinois
indiana Department of Natural Resources Education Center: Water Quality Trunks
Indiana Department of Environmental Management, Environmental Education Resources
Terri Hallesy
Education Coordinator
217-244-8809
thallesy@illinois.edu
Leslie Dorworth
Aquatic Ecology Specialist
219-989-2726
dorworth@calumet.purdue.eduApparently, this is my summer uniform: graphic tee + body-con skirt + layering jacket/vest. Both my posts this week utilized this formula 🙂 It’s just so easy!!
Denim vest: Zara (similar: here & here)
Graphic tank: Urban Outfitters (old)
Studded booties: Zara (similar: here & here & here)
Sunglasses: Tory Burch
Lips: MAC (Sushi Kiss)
Keep up to date with all things Veloria in Velvet by following me @
FACEBOOK // INSTAGRAM // TWITTER // TUMBLR // BLOGLOVIN‘
Advertisements
Gorgeous look! I love the booties and the denim vest is beautiful!! I recognize the city…Chicago?! xoxo
Thank you!! YES chicago!! I love it here 🙂
I love the toughness of the look but still so feminine at the same time!. I am going to steal all your shoes and squeeze my size 9 feet into them:)
xx Cara
Hahaha…they are a size 6.5 😛 You’d still rock them!
Beauty is pain… your shoes are too good not to suffer for;)
Love that shirt! I really need to get a few cute tanks like that for summer – this heat is KILLING ME. :p
xox
giedre
No joke!! This heat is so crazy…can’t explain this Chicago weather…cold to extreme heat!
Those boots are EPIC! As is the gorgeous Chicago River backdrop Xoxo
Thanks! It was a beautiful day to take pics with a classic Chicago backdrop 🙂
Great look!!! Are you vacationing here in Chicago! FAB! Serious heatwave here 🙂
Hahahaha no…I live here!! As I see from your post today, as do you 🙂
That’s so funny! I didn’t realize!! Well, fabulous fashionistas clearly flock to Chicago :)!
You wear your uniform well 🙂 I love the graphic shirt, so edgy and cool! If you like vests, you should check out the denim vest at Target as part of their collaboration with FEED. xo
Oooo thanks for the rec!! Definitely gonna check that out 🙂
Wanna go to CHICAGO! Is such a crazy city..Lucky girl:-) oh, and the look is fantastic;-) Love, Claudine
You should visit!! I love it here :).
I love your tank!
Thanks!
Love this skirt! check out my newest post @ & hope you’ll follow on bloglovin!
Thanks!
Girl, you rock the crap out of those body con skirts! I love the way you styled this one with those amazing boots! You look amazing. xoxo, BA
So sweet Bethann! Thanks so much 🙂
I love the rocker vibe of this look! You look great!
xo Saretta
The Lion in Jewels
Totally the look I was going for! Thanks 🙂
In love with your boots!
Thanks!
I love this outfit!!!
*Besos*
Instagram: Cmichellestyles
Thank you!!
You have a rocker chic thing goin on here. Love it! And I’m definitely on that same formula. It’s easy and looks put together.
I love the lace and denim vest option that you found. So adorable!
xx
Candida
Merch Maven
I’m so glad you like it!! I’m always worried that people don’t like my recommendations 😛
Love the tough sexy edgy look….the vest really nailed the look!!!!
Rebecca
Thanks so much!!
OMG. Your pics make me want to visit Chicago more then ever. Loving the body-con!
And I think as far as your uniform is concerned, I think we all end up having one, Its easier that way to deal with summer once you find that “easy but stylish look).
stay gorg!! ❤
You should visit! I love it here…it’s such a great city :). Yes, anything to make my life a little easier is good in my book :). Thanks for stopping by!! I’m so glad you are enjoying the looks!
I think it definitely is on my “list of places I need to go to asap!”
:-*
Great look, those are awesome booties!
xo,
Chelsea
They are fun :). Thanks!
Such a fun look – I love the casual, rocker vibe to it and your booties are amazing!
xox,
Cee
Thanks so much!
Wow the photos are amazing! Love your hair, its like jet jet black tooo pretty!
Hahaha thanks :). Yea, my hair is dark, but it looks different in different lights…weird huh?
Great look!!
Thanks!How us by creating bad habits, fears and avoidances that block us from achieving our desires. So how do we get around this and get our mind on our side?
What Exactly Is the Unconscious?
In metaphorical terms, Jung’s concept of the unconscious mind is kind of like the basement of your house. The upstairs, or the conscious mind, is where you keep everything you need each day, plus the things you like to look at. The basement is where all the “stuff” goes; old toys, boxes of photos, rubbish and things you’d rather not have to deal with right now. It all gets chucked down in the basement where no one can see it.
Photo: Stephen di Donato
This summarizes how Jung described the human psyche, and it seems to serve us pretty well, to a certain extent. The problems arise when things are chucked down there that really should be addressed: painful memories and thoughts that make you cringe, stuff you don’t like about yourself, as well as some stuff that you do. Anything that comes with a sense of dissatisfaction, discomfort or shame – us humans really don’t like to feel any of that.
So Why Is the Unconscious Bad?
The unconscious mind is not bad, per se, and it even offers some good, like providing you with dreams while you sleep, but sometimes our unconscious experiences are just too volatile to brush under the carpet and eventually they start to emerge in our habits and actions (or lack thereof).
Get on the list!
Top daily stories plus free monthly giveaways!
When you decide you want something, there are usually a million and one unconscious drives that say otherwise, whether due to past experiences, particularly in childhood, or some feeling that you didn’t allow yourself to fully feel.
If you find yourself constantly trying to achieve something yet falling short, you could have some unconscious drives that are holding you back. So, how do we find out what they are?
Facing the Unconscious Motivator
One of the most popular and successful ways of finding out about your unconscious motivations is talking therapy, in particular, psychoanalysis.
This process of talking about the ‘whys’ of your actions; following the thread of awareness down the rabbit hole of the unconscious, has had significant positive effects on general mental wellbeing. The idea of digging up past experiences that are still causing problems, is what Carl Jung referred to in his famous quote: “Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate” – C. G. Jung
However, if you’re just trying to improve your productivity, for example, you could attempt self-analysis to find out your unconscious drives by yourself. Recording and analyzing your dreams is one great way, and another is good old-fashioned journaling; basically writing down your thoughts and feelings.
Using Journal Prompts
To get you started, there are numerous journal prompts out there on the internet, and many of them will help you to understand your unconscious processes, but for self-sabotage, I find one in particular to be of immense use:
Think of a goal you want to achieve, but instead of writing down what you want and why, try writing down the reasons that you might prefer to fail. Perhaps you’re afraid of being seen, or taking on more responsibility, perhaps you fear your loved ones will treat you differently if you achieve your goal.
Photo: Ilya Ilyukhin
Aim to quickly write down 20 reasons you might not want the things you say you want, and see what comes up. More than likely, after a few tries, you’ll start to unravel the unconscious beliefs that are holding you back. So now we’ve found out a bit about our unconscious drives, how do we change them for good?
Training the Brain With Mindfulness
Mindfulness meditation is hot on everyone’s lips right now, and with good reason. This ancient Buddhist technique of simply watching your thoughts and feelings has been found to alleviate the symptoms of chronic pain, tinnitus, irritable bowel syndrome and even cancer and HIV.
But its most popular use is in the treatment of mental health problems such as anxiety and depression. Patients are encouraged to just let their thoughts flow and when a negative thought pops up, to just let it go and take their awareness back to the breath. This has been proven to improve concentration, awareness and feelings of boredom.
For those of us that find ourselves at the mercy of our minds, this is great news. While your unconscious sits there trying to sabotage your work by distracting you, you can practice some mindfulness meditation and over time begin to identify which thoughts are causing the problems, and ground yourself back into the present moment.
In addition, mindfulness can help us to regulate our emotions and shift our perspective, so even if our unconscious takes us off track and we end up feeling frustrated, our mindfulness training will help us to get over it quickly, thus making us happier, and we all know that people get more done when they’re happy.
But the most exciting part of all this is that once you commit to a regular mindfulness practice, the physical workings of your brain will actually change for good. Your unconscious mind will still be there, but it won’t have as much hold over you.
So, next time you find yourself working on your goals and not getting very far, take a look into the basement of your unconscious. Have a rummage around down there and see if anything needs dusting off. You might just find something that needs bringing upstairs, confronting, then letting go, so you can get back to what you really want to be doing.
You May Also Like...
Bone Broth – The Food of Yesteryear Turned Super!
Bone broth is gradually earning its own superfood crown. Often used as a base for soups and stews or consumed as a warming hot drink, it’s a versatile and nourishing food. It’s packed with collagen, gelatin, amino acids, glucosamine, vitamins and minerals.
How to Smile Through A Crisis
Sometimes life gets you down. Burying your head in the sand and willing the problem to go away won’t resolve it. It will end up nagging away at you. Here's what to do instead.Average salary maternity nurse
An ectopic being pregnant might trigger vaginal bleeding that's much like a interval. Colombian officials stated they calculate that throughout the course of the current Zika epidemic, 500 newborns will be born with microcephaly, and 500 newborns can have a neurological disorder called Guillain-Barre syndrome. Pregnancy compression stockings open toe will verify to see that is there's sufficient amniotic fluid in your child to move freely, though. Nauseous. Rarely, a process called culdocentesis may additionally be carried out to look for unusual fluid within the space behind the uterus. It's not super correct though, so do not depend only on this method. i used to be in and out of the hospital for a lot of months as i had a troublesome pregnancy - so I am pretty accustomed to all of the employees and the OBs as nicely. Sufficient average salary maternity nurse folic acid intake has been proven to limit fetal neural tube defects, which stop spina bifida. Depressed women might eat poorly, not take prenatal nutritional average salary maternity nurse, miss doctor's appointments or have average salary maternity nurse in dangerous behaviors like smoking or ingesting. One other reason behind bleeding later in being pregnant is placental abruption, where the average salary maternity nurse partially or fully separates from the wall of the uterus. I've been doing the toilet paper test as a result of cold remedies for pregnancy easyer to see what comming out. Folic acid deficiency may trigger nausea throughout pregnancy, so make sure you are getting enough of this necessary nutrient. A number of drops of Average salary maternity nurse Treatment, either directly on to your tongue or in average salary maternity nurse glass of water from which you'll sip regularly, will aid you by means of any panic you may feel as labour progresses. Keep in mind that just like each particular person child is totally different, each being pregnant is totally different. It may be normal to see pink blood throughout implantation. However, a lady can nonetheless turn out to be average salary maternity nurse with assisted reproductive expertise or different procedures to restore fertility. Inside a year, your baby might be walking around. Watch out about getting pregnancy recommendation on the web. Bottom Line: Salmon comprises the essential omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA, that are vital for brain and eye growth within the rising child. It's dangerous. Even when your male associate having low sperm rely, you will get pregnant with this certain cure for infertility. This occurs when the tiny embryo clings itself onto the wall of your uterus. The three days right after a positive take a look at consequence are the best average salary maternity nurse for couples to have intercourse to increase their odds of becoming pregnant, reports the American Being pregnant Affiliation. Nowadays, you should purchase steamers that will cook dinner the whole meal for you. Mother and father need to evaluation the research and decide for themselves what dangers are acceptable. Other than simply being a time when the baby is finally maturing, the third trimester actually is the time for organising practicalities. But one thing is certain. Following are some websites value trying out dealing with being pregnant and beginning in domesticated canines. It can doubtless take different signs earlier than you notice chances are you'll be pregnant. The ensuing pregnancy report should not be thought-about average salary maternity nurse recommendation. Many instances, morning sickness does not make an look until after the third week of being pregnant, which is usually after a lady has already missed her interval. Pregnancy shifts your heart of gravity. Sorry we couldn't confirm that e mail handle. It also is determined by chemical pregnancy but still feel pregnant. OKAY, I do know it sounds mad.More...
Completely I share your opinion. It is excellent idea. It is ready to support you.
22.05.2014 at 02:22 Mazut:
In my opinion the theme is rather interesting. I suggest you it to discuss here or in PM.
23.05.2014 at 12:45 Tojataxe:
From shoulders down with! Good riddance! The better!
30.05.2014 at 11:26 Nikozahn:
Warm to you thanks for your help.
01.06.2014 at 12:33 Doushicage:
Completely I share your opinion. In it something is also to me it seems it is very good idea. Completely with you I will agree.
06.06.2014 at 15:39 Kajigor:
Quite right. It is good thought. I support you.
08.06.2014 at 21:07 Necage:
It agree, rather the helpful information6
(1)
(c)
for the purposes of collecting a blood sample or donation, perform venipuncture;
(d)
for the purposes of establishing intravenous access, maintaining patency or managing hypovolemia,
(i)
perform venipuncture, or
(ii)
administer a solution by parenteral instillation
The Regulation permits registered nurses to carry out venipuncture without an order for the following purposes:
Collecting a blood sample or donation from a client
Establishing and maintaining intravenous (IV) access
Managing hypovolemia
In addition, the Regulation states that registered nurses may administer parenteral solutions, such as normal saline, to begin or maintain an IV without an order or to manage hypovolemia to deal with shock (e.g., a client who is bleeding following major trauma, a client who has had too much fluid taken off during hemodialysis treatment).
Registered nurses require a client-specific order before inserting a central venous catheter.Elise read Rhino Connection and posted a review on Amazon:
A very enjoyable read! An exciting fictional adventure with many facts regarding the plight of our beautiful Rhinos, which hopefully arouses awareness in readers the need to help end rhino poaching before it is too late. Rhinos are slated for extinction in less than 7 years if poaching continues.
Don’t wait be the next one to buy and enjoy it !!!!!A question can only have one accepted answer. Are you sure you want to replace the current answer with this one?
You previously marked this answer as accepted. Are you sure you want to unaccept it?
make a online chat why wont this verify its been 3 hours
Add comments here to get more clarity or context around a question. To answer a question, use the “Answer” field below.
Can Someone help meMay 2000."
CONTACT: Bernie Engel, (765) 494-1198, engelb@purdue.edu
The era of "boutique materials" is nearly upon us, says Arden Bement, a distinguished professor of materials engineering and the head of Purdue's School of Nuclear Engineering. These specialty materials having unique combinations of components, arbitrary shapes, and singular sets of properties will become economically feasible in a lot size of a single part as deposition processes and computer modeling continue to advance, making possible the rapid prototyping of new materials.
"These advances not only will open up new markets for exotic materials," says Bement, "but will also facilitate cloning or replacing existing parts made of mundane engineering materials." Many of these new materials would combine silicon, ceramic and metals. And advances in new patterning techniques will reduce the scale of structural engineering to nanometers. "Applied mechanics will merge with materials science and engineering to design new ways of combining on the scale of viruses and bacteria materials that are normally incompatible," says Bement. As a result, materials that have in the past only had to support a load or fill a space will do double duty as micromechanical devices that will provide refrigeration, generate power, and control and regulate processes. Other possible applications are artificial eyes, ears and smelling organs and self-regulating prosthetic devices that can monitor the condition of a patient.
CONTACT: Arden Bement, (765) 494-5742, bement@ecn.purdue.edu
Its abundance, environmental friendliness and economic soundness make water a sure-fire bet to be a driving source of 21st century transmissions, says Gary Krutz, a Purdue professor in agricultural and biological engineering. Certainly news reports of "water spills" on freeways or at sea would cause no alarm.
Krutz, director of Purdue's Electrohydraulics Center, looks at the water practices of the food and beverage industry already in place to learn how we can make "smart parts" for vehicle transmissions that run on a combination of water and alcohol. Replacing oil with water offers a real energy and financial savings, he says.
Krutz says he believes that lightweight, high-density polymers in plastics and ceramics will continue to evolve, opening the floodgates for the days of water-hydraulic-driven power. Traditional parts suffer from rust and freezing conditions when working with water, so the advances depend on those material changes. European companies are already addressing these challenges. "Another major push might come from the shipping industry," Krutz says. "Water hydraulic systems instead of oil hydraulic systems would eliminate the need for carrying oil out to sea, thus reducing shipboard mechanical oil spills at sea. And there are applications that could allow a ship to utilize the sea water that surrounds it."
CONTACT: Gary Krutz, (765) 494-1179, krutz@purdue.edu
"From the Industrial Revolution until the middle of this century, technology was viewed positively and equated with progress," says Normand Laurendeau, Purdue's Reilly Professor of Combustion Engineering. "Since the 1960s, technology has often been viewed negatively, especially with respect to its effects on the environment. In addition, technology has often been viewed as an autonomous force." He says people are now abandoning this "naive" point of view and demanding that technology be brought under control. From a market perspective, public demand will drive industry to design and manufacture products with more than profit in mind. In turn, industry will look for engineers who think in terms of ethics: technology's impact on its users.
Laurendeau also expects ethical questions about energy to gain urgency in the future. "As we develop new sources of energy to replace fossil fuels, and as the costs of these new energy sources increase," he says, "questions will arise: How can we prevent energy costs from further dividing the poor and the rich in our society? What political and tax structures will be needed to ensure access to energy from all sectors of our society? Will engineers be working only for the wealthy, or can they continue to provide leverage so as to maintain the great middle class that has been so characteristic of U.S. socioeconomics?"
CONTACT: Normand Laurendeau, (765) 494-2713, nlaurend@purdue.edu
Kumares Sinha, Purdue's Olson Distinguished Professor of Civil Engineering, says "intelligent highways" will be necessary "to relieve the untenable situation in many corridors" such as the Borman Expressway in northern Indiana, the focus of much of his recent research. "On some routes, trucks account for 30 percent to 40 percent of the traffic," says Sinha, director of the university's Joint Transportation Research Program. "Sometimes it seems like wall-to-wall trucks." And a single heavy truck can require as much road space as six cars and cause 1,000 times as much wear and tear as a car.
Sinha envisions an exclusive truckway network with built-in computer-based intelligence that will increase the efficiency of the trucking industry. "It will be controlled by all the elements of intelligent transportation systems that are being developed today," he says. "It will include sensors, satellite connections and automated billing." Such a system would have the capability to monitor traffic, reroute vehicles to avoid congestion and improve on-time delivery, or instantaneously locate products during shipping. Best of all, it would free up "regular" roads for automobiles and would thus improve road safety and reduce congestion. And it might not require construction from the ground up. "In many cases we will be able to use existing rights-of-way or medians," Sinha notes. "So it might not be as costly as it sounds."
CONTACT: Kumares Sinha, (765) 494-2211, sinha@ecn.purdue.edu
For most of this century, a substantial investment was made to treat and control waste water generated by cities and industry, which are called "point sources" of pollution. But Ronald Wukasch, a Purdue professor of civil engineering, believes this is not enough to protect water quality. "Most of today's pollutants discharged into the streams, rivers and lakes come from non-point sources," Wukasch says, "or the runoff from the land during a rainfall or snow melting."
Wukasch says urban runoff from storm sewers contains fertilizers, pesticides, car crud, animal wastes, viral and bacterial pathogens, burning fuel byproducts, and almost anything else you can imagine soiling a city's floor. Many cities still have combined sewers that drain both the sewage and the storm water runoff. During storms, the discharge becomes a potent mix of water and raw sewage. Agricultural runoff can also be highly contaminated with fertilizers, pesticides and animal wastes containing pathogens.
Wukasch says the next century's management techniques will include separating and storing combined sewer overflows, constructing wetlands for runoff purification, and using vegetated buffer strips around all drainage ditches, creeks, streams, rivers and lakes.
CONTACT: Ronald Wukasch, (765) 494-2201, wukasch@ecn.purdue.edu
Matthew Franchek, a Purdue.
CONTACT: Matthew Franchek, (765) 494-5714, franchek@ecn.purdue.edu
To the Purdue News and Photos PageSo, when we decided to be a couple, Everett said, we need to make a deal breaker list.
What is a deal breaking list you might ask yourself? It is the list of things that your partner might do that would end the relationship as you know it.
Even if you stay together, your relationship would be forever changed. So we each searched our souls and seriously thought through our values. We separately wrote down our lists of actions that would spiritually, emotionally or morally would negatively impact the current relationship. Then we gave each other the list.
We discussed the story behind each item on our list. Then we agreed to honor each other’s list holding these items sacred and vowing never to cross these boundaries.
Everett’s List
- Trust
- Lies
- Cheating
- Unwillingness to accept family
Monika’s List
- Trust
- Honesty
- Violence
What we learned was that our lists were compatible and so it was easy to agree that we would not violate each other’s list. The beauty is that unless we do something that violates this list we are safe in the belief that the relationship will continue in a good way.
It’s made all the difference in creating safety and trust between us. So what is on your deal breaker list? Tell us in the comment section below!It's no secret that I have some pretty big financial goals. Pay off student loans, buy a house, get a new car when needed (likely soon), afford to travel and participate in weddings, and have a backup savings. On an entry level salary, it's impossible to accomplish all of these goals at once, no matter how impatient I am.
I constantly flip flop on my financial priorities and then get frustrated when it feels like no visible progress has been made anywhere. At the start of the month I made an executive decision to get my priorities in line once and for all and to stick to it for a whole year! It will take longer than a year to pull of all of these goals but it gets me out of the habit of flip-flopping. I even considered the advice of close friends and family to ensure my plan is worth sticking to and easily enough, everyone was on the same page.
So I'm putting it in stone (on the blog) to solidify plans and fill you in on where I'm at. My regular paycheck covers all of my expenses without a penny to spare - and yes, this is a bare bones budget. In order to even look at financial goals, it all comes down to my side jobs and extra income.
Here's the grand plan:
Each month set aside $150 for a separate savings account for weddings and travel. Events will happen, and almost all of them are long-distance. Capping myself at $150/month will prepare me for these expenses and then let me focus on other priorities with any extra cash I can bring in.
Build my savings to $9,000. Yup, sounds like a lot. But there's a purpose for every dollar and this is my number one priority. Save $5000 for a down payment on my house by the time my lease is up. Save $2500 for an older used car. I drive a totaled car and no matter how loyal it is, if I'm in an accident, insurance won't cover it. I need to be prepared for this to happen any minute and if it takes a few years then I will just earn interest in the mean time! Save $1500 for a back up savings cushion.
Since my paycheck does not cover money for savings, I need to be ready for bigger expenses that are
bound to come up. $1500 isn't much but it's a start I'm comfortable with before I focus on loans.
Pay down credit card and manage these cards to stop wracking up balances. My card is interest free until May 2014 and I refuse to waste money on credit card interest. Balance is $2,500.
Go ape shit on my loans. Once I get a home, I hope to get a roommate or two to free up expenses for additional loan payments. I have $60,000 in student loans and I want them gone by the time I'm 30 - in 4.5 years. That might be a bit crazy but I'm determined!
Increase my savings and retirement funds.
So there you have it! It kills me to set aside my loans that are wracking up interest but I need to be prepared for regular life as well. I started at $0 and I'm already looking forward to sharing the great progress I've made in October!
As crazy as it may sound your posts always make me so excited to graduate and then I can start my own paying off loans/ savings plan.When you make a sale, you usually send the invoice to the person or company that ordered the goods. But at times you may need to invoice a different customer.
When speaking of sales, we use the terms "sell-to customer" and "bill-to customer." For example, a department of a public institution orders an item (it is the purchaser, or sell-to customer), but you send the invoice to a central accounting office, which pays for the purchase. This is the bill-to customer.
In the program, there are three types of customer addresses that you can use, depending on the different types of customers you invoice.
The sell-to address is the address of the customer to whom the items on the invoice will be shipped.
If you have not set up an alternative invoicing address, the program fills in the fields on the Invoicing tab on a sales header with the information for the customer number you enter in the Sell-to Customer No. field. You can change it afterward.
The bill-to address is the address of the customer to whom you will send the invoice.
If you need to invoice an alternative customer, you can set up a permanent bill-to customer or enter a bill-to customer on individual sales documents.
You can enter a customer number in the Bill-to Customer No. field on any customer card (provided that you have also set up a card for the bill-to customer).
Afterward, every time you fill in a sales quote, order, invoice or credit memo, this number and the associated name and address are copied to the corresponding fields on the sales header.
If you do not know ahead of time that a certain invoicing address will be used for every invoice to a customer, do not fill in the Bill-to Customer No. field on the customer card. Instead, enter the bill-to customer number after you have set up a sales header (quote, order or invoice header).
The ship-to address is the address to which items will be shipped.
If a customer wants different items shipped to different addresses, you must choose from among various ship-to addresses when you invoice.
You can associate any number of ship-to addresses with a customer. Each address is identified by a unique code, and when you use this code on a sales header (quote or order header), the related address information is printed on the shipment.
The ship-to address also appears on the printed invoice.
Choosing Invoicing Addresses for Single Sales Transactions
Using Alternative Ship-to AddressesThread: UFC bullshito!
Originally Posted by GIJoe6186
I think its boring to see him fight.
- Join Date
- Apr 2006
- Location
- Chicago
- 240
- Style
- Mo-jitsu
Poor technical fighters don't win by jabbing and controlling distance. They throw no jabs, let shorter opponent get inside, get taken down, and don't get back up.
You certainly can criticize him for being boring, because he doesn't go for the KO in every fight, but he definitely is skilled enough to get the KO without landing a lucky, wild haymaker. We're not talking about Bob Sapp.
Originally Posted by GIJoe6186
Since the world revolves around me, what I've said is:
The problem is that Sylvia's fighting appears to be 90% physical attributes, and that aesthetically his fighting is painful to watch.
Originally Posted by Phrost
Tim pulled Monson into his game, and defeated monson's attempts to pull Tim into his. That's what all winning fighters do.
The milletech martial art style may be the very anti xma - all go, no show - and I don't find Tim to be a font of charisma, but neither is the wave then downs the surfer or length of track a runner covers. Tim sylvia is the test no one can pass, right now. Crocop's got the best chance - I would even say he'll go into their fight a favorite - but he's not THAT BIG of one. And I'm a fan of his, as well.
BookmarksSubmitted by heartbrokenpegs on
Stop by Alison Wilson's site where you can find out about <. No, not the canned meat variety - spam is similar to the spam that you receive within the mail box, just within an electronic form. Choose cloth napkins at home and bring your own personal reusable water and low cups to function. Something else to consider as being a pharmacy technician may be the hours you want to work. Therefore, online transactions involving the medicine becomes the order of the day which can be why they feel an immediate need to have a pharmacy merchant card account. This is truly a national certification exam, there are two main options. Generally, an online drug store that has been known for quite a long time must have a better rating. You should improve your written and verbal communication skills. The types of medicine you will get in Canadian medications include the same you'd receive should you purchased in your country. The certification does play a huge role in making a rewarding career like a PT as it helps for making one more qualified whenever they apply for promotion. College pre-pharmacy study as little as a day or two and will still pass the exam. If possible try to use the same pharmacy around possible. ' Sri Venkateshwara College of Pharmacy - Hyderabad. Luckily, you will find Rx discount cards, coupons, and savings programs that may save you quite a lot of money, and most are relatively easy to find and manage. Success isn't just good luck: it is a combination of effort, a favorable credit record standing, opportunity, readiness and timing.Pausing for reflection at the end of the year, I thought I would reveal the most popular posts from this blog on interfaith identity, interfaith parenting, interfaith children, interfaith families, and interfaith life. Below is a list of the top ten most-viewed posts since this blog began in 2009. In the comments, let me know which posts were your personal favorites of all time, and what topics you would like to see covered in the year to come.
- Ten Reasons to Teach Interfaith Children Both Religions. It seems fitting that the number-one post on this site is devoted to explaining the benefits of exploring both family religions with dual-faith children.
- Advent, Christmas, Hanukkah, Welcome Yule! Interfaith Families Doing the Most. This post includes vignettes from my family celebrating each of these holidays. It was selected by WordPress for their “Freshly Pressed” feature. It also benefited from traffic based on the provocative public letter addressed to me by a blogger for the Jewish Daily Forward who objects to intermarriage.
- Welcome Walker Diggs, Interfaith Child. Fans of intermarried Broadway and television stars Idina Menzel (Jewish and white) and Taye Diggs (Christian and black) have kept this post at the top of the hit list. When their baby son Walker was born, I wondered in this post how they would choose to raise him in terms of religion. The last I read, the couple is still figuring out their religious pathway for Walker.
- Interfaith Marriage: A Love Story. The post describing the long and happy marriage of my Jewish father to my Christian mother has become a perennial favorite on this blog. When they celebrated their 50th anniversary, I wrote about how their successful interfaith marriage has made it impossible for me to feel that intermarriage is a bad idea. Readers are scouring the internet, looking for signs of happy interfaith couples. The popularity of this post inspired me to start a whole series on successful interfaith marriages.
- Muslim and Jewish: Interfaith on “Shahs of Sunset.” Okay, so this post is popular because of a trashy reality TV series, featuring wealthy Jews and Muslims of Persian (Iranian) descent misbehaving in Los Angeles. Fans trying to figure out which character is Muslim, which is Jewish (and which is from an interfaith Muslim/Jewish family) end up on my blog. Intermarriage between Muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, Jews and Christians represents the next wave of multi-faith families. So I am glad the interfaith world beyond Judaism and Christianity is represented in my top-ten posts.
- Roger Williams, My Bat Mitzvah, and the “Lively Experiment.” I adore the fact that this tribute to a 17th-century religious rebel in New England remains a top post on my site. Roger Williams founded what would eventually become Rhode Island as a refuge for Quakers, Jews, Anabaptists, and anyone fleeing the religious oppression of Massachusetts Puritans. Williams himself ended up becoming a very early example of the “religious nones,” without institutional religious affiliation.
- Black and Jewish, Interfaith and Interracial, Hilarious and Offensive. A parody music video created by two pop culture stars who are black and Jewish inspired this post. It represents a pushback against the idea that Jews are by definition white, and a reminder of the rise of racial and religious intermarriage in our increasingly multicultural world.
- Successful Interfaith Marriages Ignored Once Again. This post critiques a Washington Post opinion piece that described interfaith marriages as doomed to frequent failure. The author is affiliated with a conservative think tank, and was fired this year from a blogging position at the Chronicle for Higher Education over a post described by some as racist. People searching for news of successful interfaith marriages stumble on this post, and I am glad that responding to an anti-intermarriage piece provided me with an opportunity to connect with more readers and bring them news of happy intermarriages.
- Celebrating Martin Luther King: Multiracial, Multifaith in the 21st Century. This post in honor of the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr.’s birthday refers to his relationship with Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel, who marched alongside King. I go on to describe how my community of interfaith families, composed of intermarried Jews and Christians, and intermarried blacks and whites, celebrates King’s birthday holiday and the Civil Rights movement.
- Interfaith Children: Born This Way. I wrote this post to respond to the blogger who was dismayed by the idea that my family celebrates both Christmas and Hanukkah. While making reference to Lady Gaga’s anti-bullying campaign and her hit song “Born This Way,” I describe how children from interfaith families benefit from claiming our interfaithness and discovering all that is positive about bridging two religions and two cultures. I am glad the idea that families can and should instill pride rather than shame in their interfaith children, made it into the top ten posts.
Susan Katz Miller’s book, Being Both: Embracing Two Religions in One Interfaith Family is available now in hardcover and eBook from Beacon Press.
AdvertisementsElementals are beings that result from a spirit taking control of a chaotic mass of elemental energy rather than a body. These dark elementals are basically just pure loathing and selfishness manifest, with no purpose other than to destroy those who are happy. And those who aren't as well!!1Encyclopaedia description
Dark Elemental is an enemy in MARDEK.
Appearance
Locations
- Dark Temple
- Levels: 13–17
- Cambria Arena (Chapter 3 Champion Tournament)
- Levels: 32
- Cambria Arena (Gloria's Chapter 3 Survival Tournament)
- Levels: 23
- Cambria Arena (Solaar's Chapter 3 Survival Tournament)
- Levels: 26)}" >
Skills
Loot
- Dark Essence (25%)Your business is our first priority
At Weave Web, we’re aware of the great responsibility we have in helping you with your online business. That’s why we spend time getting to know your business inside and out.
Launch is only the beginning
For many web companies, launching a website is the end of the project. At Weave Web we don’t look at a website as a short-term project – designing and developing the site is only the starting point. We stay in close contact with you for the critical period after launch to make sure you’re meeting all your objectives, and check in periodically to make sure the site is still as effective as it was at the start.
You can talk to us
Ultimately, the web is about communication. As well as having technical know-how, everyone at Weave knows how to communicate. Your feedback is crucial, and we will work with you to achieve a result that excites.
We are the content people
If you want your business to star on the web, the most important element is something many overlook: the words. Content strategy is an intrinsic part of the Weave process. That means we plan your words with as much care and strategic insight as your design. We even have copywriters in house who can write or edit content for you, so you won't be left with a last-minute scramble.The first comics my brother and I drew when we were kids. Some of them are are surprisingly satirical, and others are just plain immature and childish. Enjoy.
I found this on the table this morning, drawn by one of my nieces. I wish one day to be as good as her.
I didn't want to make a news post, maybe I will eventually, but I did want to say that I'll be not be frequenting this comic as much anymore. I decided that SUPERPIG getting it's own profile was enough and that it didn't need to go on here too. I keep posting art here and talking to people, but there probably won't be any complete comics here for a while. I still like to expiriment on here though and will continue to run ideas for my other comics here if you are in to that. See you guys 'round.Normally I do Kirsty‘s meme over at Shabby Chicken, but look what’s on my desk today! Extreme cuteness and lots of yay!
I saw a pendant on Mike’s blog the other day, and knew it had to be mine. I don’t know who made it, but I hotfooted it (or clicked rather) over to Mike’s online store and bought one. Oh, and another Sublime designer pattern – look at that kitty and poodle!
So when it arrived, with a nice extra pressie no less, I was a bit loathe to unwrap it, because of how gorgeous it looks! But as I was being selfish and buying me a pressie I unwrapped it. (If you think you’ve noticed a theme here lately, you’d be right – I think I’m bolstering myself against the coming Winter blues by amassing lots of wool, books, embroidery patterns and handmade loveliness to inspire me!) Thanks Pip, super cuteness and customer service= happy camper.
Purrrrr….
I saw those pendants when I visited the shop on the weekend. Aren’t they just gorgeous!
Miss Curlypops, when are you at Brown Owls next, I best catch up with you for real, as you’re one of my most avid readers I think!
thanks for all your comments :)
Hey no probs, I think we may have sort of met at the first meet. I was sitting opposite Corrie from Retromummy and Ronnie.
Hehe….I got a little package exactly the same as that one in the mail today too. Mine is the swappie girl with the kitten. I was going to give it away but it’s around my neck right now – so I guess it’s mine.
That looks so lovely. Good on you for looking after yourself in readiness for the gloom of winter. I think books and textiles, and crafty goodness are the best medicine. Perhaps we should organise a ‘beat the blues’ winter craft swap.
And that CurlyPops – isn’t she great. She visits me all the time too.
A ‘Beat the Blues’ winter craft swap sounds fun! hmmm, we might have to work on that!
oh I saw that too and thought it was so super cute!
Corrie;)Open Box Blowout Sale: Great Savings on Quality Products!
- ACP-EP Memory
- 33864294
- ADD-QINSCI-PDAC1M
- Temporarily Out-of-Stock
- Call for next available delivery
Add to Cart
Messages
- 3.30ft
- Warranty: Limited Lifetime
This Intel X4DACBL1 to Cisco SFP-H10GB-CU1M dual OEM compatible 40GBase-CU QSFP+ to 4xSFP+ passive TAA (Trade Acts Agreement) compliant direct attach cable has a maximum reach of 1.0m (3Michael L Williams
8584 N 1900th St Paris, Illinois 61944(217) 463-9280
Print | Save | Directions
AboutMichael L Williams is located at the address 8584 N 1900th St in Paris, Illinois 61944. They can be contacted via phone at (217) 463-9280 for pricing, hours and directions.
Michael L Williams has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Michael L Williams view the map to the right. For reviews of Michael L Williams see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (217) 463-9280
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 90000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Robert W Deitz
705 Ten Broeck St Paris, Illinois 61944
Frontier Enterprises Inc
129 E Court St Paris, Illinois 61944
Brian Johnson
307 W Elizabeth St Paris, Illinois 61944
Sharon Fillinger
513 Marshall St Paris, Illinois 61944
Samantha & Paul Volstorf
25 Caldron Ln Paris, Illinois 61944
Benefiel Stephen E RPh
201 E Crawford St Paris, Illinois 61944
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsCritical Care Medicine
Endovascular Infections (endocarditis, septic thrombophelbitis, mycotic aneurysm)
- 1. Description of the problem
- 2. Emergency Management
- 3. Diagnosis
- 4. Specific Treatment
- 5. Disease monitoring, follow-up and disposition Instruction
- Pathophysiology
- Epidemiology
- Prognosis
- What's the evidence?
Endovascular Infections
Also known as: Endocarditis, Septic Thrombophlebitis, Mycotic Aneurysms
Related conditions: Bacteremia, Catheter-related infection
1. Description of the problem
What every clinician needs to know
Endovascular infections (EI) including endocarditis, septic thrombophlebitis and mycotic aneurysms should be suspected in any patient with prolonged bacteremia greater than 72 hours after starting appropriate antimicrobial therapy. Often these infections present with a constellation of clinical findings that will guide the clinician to the source of bacteremia. Endocarditis is much more common than septic thrombophlebitis or mycotic aneurysms. Risk factors for endocarditis include injection drug use, structural valvular disease (rheumatic heart disease), prosthetic heart valves, history of infective endocarditis, healthcare-associated catheter-related bacteremia, and hemodialysis requiring intravascular catheters.
Clinical features
Clinical features of endocarditis may include fever, malaise, myalgias, arthralgias, chest pain, back pain, dyspnea, unintentional weight loss, night sweats, and neurologic symptoms. Clinical features of septic thrombophlebitis may include all of the above, and in addition, erythema and tenderness near the involved vessel. Septic pulmonary emboli may be present, often complicated by pneumonia. Clinical manifestations of mycotic aneurysms depend on the site of the aneurysm. If the aorta is involved, fever, back pain and abdominal pain are common. If the aneurysm is a complication of endocarditis, stroke or subarachnoid hemorrhage may be the presenting symptoms.
Key management points
Management: Empiric antibiotic therapy should be started against the likely organisms. Likely organisms in decreasing order of frequency are Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus viridans, Enterococcus, coagulase-negative staphylococci, Streptococcus bovis, gram-negative bacilli, HACEK organisms, and fungi.
2. Emergency Management
Emergency management for patients suspected of having an endovascular infection includes stabilizing the patient with fluid resuscitation and empiric antibiotic therapy. Multiple blood cultures should be obtained prior to starting empiric antibioitics, but there should be no delay in getting antibiotics started. Source control is of paramount importance in managing these infections, and every effort should be made to pinpoint the source using imaging techniques including transthoracic and transesophageal echography and angiography if indicated.
Surgery is indicated in patients with severe heart failure, uncontrolled infection, persistent bacteremia despite appropriate antibiotic therapy, fungal endocarditis, progressive heart block, periannular abscess extensions, and unstable prosthetic valves. Other relative indications for surgery include vegetations larger than 10mm and culture-negative prosthetic valve endocarditis with fever greater than 10 days. Timing of surgery depends on hemodynamic optimization, not duration of antibiotic therapy or sterilization of blood cultures. Prognosis for injection drug users depends on successful drug rehabilitation.
Management points not to be missed
1. Fluid resuscitation, blood cultures, antibiotics
2. Imaging studies
3. Source control/surgery
3. Diagnosis
Duke Clinical Criteria: 2 major or 1 major + 3 minor, or 5 minor
Major
a) typical organisms in two separate blood cultures (eg, S viridans, Sbovis, S aureus, HACEK, Enterococcus) without another primary source
b) persistent bacteremia greater than 12 hours
c) 3 out of 3 or 3 out of 4 positive blood cultures with the first and last culture being drawn more than 1 hour apart
d) oscillating intracardiac mass on valve or supporting structure, or in the path of regurgitant jets, or on implanted material in the absence of an alternative anatomic explanation
e) abscess
f) new partial dehiscence of a prosthetic valve
g) new valvular regurgitation
Minor
a) predisposing cardiac condition or intravenous drug use
b) fever (>38.0C)
c) vascular phenomena including emboli, mycotic aneurysm, intracerebral bleed, conjunctival hemorrhage, Janeway lesions
d) immune phenomena including glomerulonephritis, Roth spots, Osler nodes, positive rheumatoid factor
e) positive blood cultures not meeting above diagnostic criteria
f) abnormal cardiac echogram, but not diagnostic
Diagnostic and confirmatory tests
The diagnoses of thrombophlebitis and mycotic aneurysms are made with imaging studies including ultrasound, computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Confirmation of the diagnosis is made by culturing an organism from the blood.
4. Specific Treatment
Empiric therapy for acute endocarditis should take into consideration the most likely pathogens (Methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), methicillin-sensistive staphylococcus aureus (MSSA)and streptococci and enterococci): vancomycin 15mg/kg intravenous (IV) q 12h is appropriate for most patients.
Empiric subacute endocarditis: ampicillin/sulbactam 3g IV q 6h + gentamicin or tobramycin 1mg/kg IV q 8h; or vancomycin 15mg/kg q 12h + ceftriaxone 2g IV q 12h or gentamicin/tobramycin 1mg/kg IV q8 h. Culture and sensitivity results will define further therapy.
Specific therapy for native valve endocarditis
Viridans streptococci and S bovis susceptible to penicillin: Aqueous penicillin G 12 to 18 million units per 24 h IV either continuously or in 4 or 6 equally divided doses; or ceftriaxone 2g per 24 h IV; or vancomycin 15mg/kg q 12h IV. Therapy should continue for 4 weeks. Selected uncomplicated patients with no evidence of extracardiac or intracardiac complications and no pre-existing otic or renal disease could be treated with a shorter course: Aq peniciilin or ceftiaxone as above + gentamicin 1mg/kg IV q 8h x 2 weeks.
Viridans streptococci and and S bovis resistant to penicillin: Aqueous penicillin 24 million units per 24h IV either continuously or in 4 or 6 equally divided doses or ceftriaxone 2g per 24h IV x 4 weeks, PLUS gentamicin 1mg/kg IV q 8h x 2 weeks; or vancomycin 15mg/kg q 12h IV x 4 four or six equally divided doses for 4 to 6 weeks or ampicillin 12g q 24h IV in six equally divided doses for 4 to 6 weeks or vancomycin 15mg/kg q 12h IV for 6 weeks.
Enterococci strains resistant to penicillin and susceptible to aminoglycoside and vancomycin: Gentamicin 1mg/kg q 8h IV for 6 weeks plus either ampicillin-sulbactam 12g per 12h IV or PO doses for 8 weeks or more or quinupristin-dalfopristin 22.5mg/kg per 24h IV in three equally divided doses for 8 weeks or more.
Staphylococci susceptible to oxacillin: Nafcillin or oxacillin 2g q 4h IV for 6 weeks, plus optional addition of gentamicin 1mg/kg q 8h IV or intramuscular (IM) for 3 to 5 days. Alternative: Cefazolin 2g q 6h IV for 6 weeks, plus optional addition of gentamicin 1mg/kg per 8 h IV or IM for 3 to 5 days.
For tricuspid valve endocarditis with vegetation less than 2 cm, no emboli besides lung, and negative blood cultures by day 4, could use nafcillin or oxacillin 2g q 4h IV plus gentamicin 1mg/kg q 8h IV or IM for 2 weeks.
Staphylococci resistant to oxacillin: vancomycin 15 mg/kg q 12 x 6 weeks; goal trough greater than 15 to 20mcg/mL.
Pseudomonas aeruginosa: tobramycin 2.5 mg/kg q 8h plus piperacillin 4g IV q4 or ceftazadime 2g IV q 8h for 4 to 6 weeks.
Candida: amphotericin B 0.8 to 1.0mg/kg/day IV plus flucytosine 100 to 150mg/kg/day divided q 6h plus surgery. Alternative: Fluconazole 400mg IV/day plus surgery.
HACEK: ceftriaxone 2g q 24h IV x 4 weeks or ampicillin-sulbactam 3g IV q 6h x 4 weeks or ciprofloxacin 400mg IV q 12h or 500mg PO q 12h X 4 to 6 weeks.
Culture-negative: ampicillin-sulbactam 3g IV q 6h x 4 to 6 weeks plus gentamicin 1mg/kg q 8h IV or IM or vancomycin 15mg/kg q 12h plus gentamicin 1mg/kg IV q 8h plus ciprofloxacin 750mg PO q 12h or 400mg IV q 12h x 4 to 6 weeks.
Specific therapy for prosthetic valve endocarditis (PVE)
Penicillin-susceptible streptococci species: AQ penicillin G 24 million units IV q 24 by continuous infusion or q 4 to 6 hours in divided doses; or cefttriaxone 2g IV q 24 +/- gentamicin 3mg/kg q 24h. Alternatively vancomycin 15mg/kg q 12. Therapy should continue for 6 weeks.
Penicillin-resistant streptococci: AQ penicillin or ceftriaxone as above +gentamicin 3mg/kg IV q 24h. Therapy should continue for 6 weeks.
S aureus (MSSA): naficillin or oxacillin 2g IV q 4h x 6 weeks plus rifampin 300mg IV or PO q 8h x 6 weeks plus gentamicin 1mg/kg IV q 8h x 2 weeks.
S aureus (MRSA): vancomycin 15mg/kg q 12 h x at least 6 weeks plus rifampin 300mg IV or PO q 8h x 6 weeks plus gentamicin 1mg/kg IV q 8h x 2 4 or 6 equally divided doses for 4 to 6 weeks or ampicillin 12g q 24h IV in 6 equally divided doses for 4 to 6 weeks or vancomycin 15mg/kg q 12h IV for 6 weeks; alternative: vancomycin 15mg/kg IV q 12h.
Enterococci strains resistant to penicillin and susceptible to aminoglycoside and vancomycin: Gentamicin 1mg/kg q 8h IV for 6 weeks plus either ampicillin-sulbactam 12g q12h IV or PO doses for 8 weeks or more, or quinupristin-dalfopristin: 22.5mg/kg per 24h IV in 3 equally divided doses for 8 weeks or more; or daptomycin 6 to 10mg/kg/day IV for more than 8 weeks.
HACEK: ceftriaxone 2g q 24h IV x more than 6 weeks or ampicillin-sulbactam 3g IV q 6h for more than 6 weeks or ciprofloxacin 400mg IV q 12h or 750mg PO or 400mg IV q 12h x 6 weeks. Use quinolones only if patient is intolerant to ceftriaxone or ampicillin-sulbactam.
Culture-negative (<1y): vancomycin 15mg/kg q 12h x 6 weeks, plus gentamicin 1mg/kg IV q 8h x 2 weeks, plus cefipime 2g IV q 8h x 6 weeks plus rifampin 300mg IV or PO q 8h x 6 weeks.
Culture-negative (>1y): ceftriaxone 2g IV q 24h plus gentamicin 1mg/kg IV q 8h plus doxycycline 100mg IV/PO q 12h.
Anticoagulation is controversial but indicated for patients with mechanical valves. Bioprosthetic valves do not require anticoagulation.
Surgery
Indications: moderate to severe heart failure, unstable prosthesis, uncontrolled infection, persistent bacteremia despite antibiotics, endocarditis with certain organisms (fungi, S aureus, Pseudomonas), periannular extension, relapse. Relative indications include vegetations greater than 10cm, culture-negative PVE with unexplained fever greater than 10 days.
Special consideration for tricuspid valve
May consider valvectomy or vegetectomy; aortic or mitral valve requires replacement. Some surgeons are unwilling to operate on drug addicts unless there is assurance for drug rehabilitation. Prognosis for valve replacement without drug rehabilitation is quite poor.
Timing of surgery depends on optimizing hemodynamic parameters, not sterilization of blood cultures or duration of antibiotic therapy. Low risk of infecting new valve. In the setting of neurologic complication, hemorrhagic transformation is decreased by delaying surgery if hemodynamics permit.
Specific therapy for mycotic aneurysms
Four to six weeks of parenteral antimicrobial therapy directed at the cultured or likely organism is recommended for the treatment of a mycotic aneurysm. A longer duration of treatment should be considered if biochemical parameters of inflammation (C-reactive protein [CRP] ,erythrocyte sedimentation rate [ESR] and white cell count) do not return to normal. The initial choice of therapy depends upon the most probable infecting organisms for the involved site. Subsequent decisions should be made after the organism(s) have been cultured and sensitivity testing performed. Some authors recommend that life-long oral suppressive antibiotics follow the intravenous course for organisms that are difficult to treat.
Surgery for mycotic aneurysms depends on the anatomic site and the availability of a homograft. In some cases the best surgical approach can only be determined at the time of surgical exploration.
5. Disease monitoring, follow-up and disposition Instruction
If surgery is undertaken, the length of administration of antibiotics after surgery is determined by operative findings. With evidence of ongoing infection, treat with the standard course of therapy postoperatively. If infection has been well controlled, the length of preoperative and postoperative courses can be added for a sum total of 6 to 8 weeks.
Patients should be followed up with imaging and laboratory tests including WBC, ESR, CRP, and blood cultures until they are negative.
Complications include aminoglycoside-induced ototoxicity or nephrotoxicity, secondary bacteremia due to central vascular lines, mediastinitis or early postoperative prosthetic valve endocarditis, intravenous catheter-associated phlebitis, drug fever, allergic or idiosyncratic reactions to various antimicrobial agents. and bleeding due to disturbances in coagulation caused by anticoagulants (in prosthetic valve endocarditis).
Pathophysiology
A variety of microorganisms can cause infective endocarditis (IE), but staphylococci and streptococci account for the majority of cases. The International Collaboration on Endocarditis-Prospective Cohort Study identified the microbiologic etiology in 2781 patients from 58 sites in 25 countries with definite endocarditis as defined by Duke criteria. Most patients had native valve IE (72%) and 23% were healthcare associated.
Overall, staphylococci were the etiologic agents in744 of 1779 (42%) and streptococci in 712 (40%). The pathogens included:S aureus— 31%Viridans group streptococci — 17%Enterococci — 11%Coagulase-negative staphylococci — 11%S bovis — 7%Other streptococci — 5%Non-HACEK gram-negative bacteria — 2%Fungi — 2%HACEK— 2%. Organisms in this category include a number of fastidious gram-negative bacilli: Haemophilus aphrophilus; Actinobacillusactinomycetemcomitans; Cardiobacterium hominis;Eikenella corrodens; and Kingella kingae.
The remaining cases included culture-negative endocarditis (8%), polymicrobial (1%), and a variety of other organisms (3%).
The higher incidence of S aureuscompared with viridans group streptococci is probably because this study was conducted in large, tertiary care centers and may not reflect the epidemiology of IE in more rural communities.
Epidemiology
Sex and age have an impact on the incidence of endovascular infections (EI). Men predominate in most case series, with male-to-female ratios ranging from 3:2 to 9:1. New trends in the epidemiology of endocarditis have occurred during the past 30 years. Most of these changes relate to the numbers and types of susceptible hosts, rather than to shifts in the virulence of the infecting microorganisms.
Endocarditis has increasingly become a disease of the elderly. More than one half of all cases in the United States and Europe occur in patients over the age of 60, and the median age of patients has increased steadily during the past 40 years. This trend is probably due to two factors: the decline in the incidence and importance of rheumatic heart disease as a risk factor and the increasing proportion of elderly subjects in the general population who are more likely both to develop degenerative valve disease and to require valve replacement, which is associated with an increased risk.
Characteristics of patients with S aureus EI vary by region. In the International Collaboration on Endocarditis-Prospective Cohort Study, patients in the United States were significantly more likely to be hemodialysis dependent, to have diabetes, to have a presumed intravascular device source, to receive vancomycin, to be infected with methicillin-resistant S aureus(MRSA), and to have persistent bacteremia.
Prognosis
Many studies have evaluated the mortality rates of EI, specifically endocarditis. The in-hospital mortality rate is between 18 and 23 percent, while the 6-month mortality is between 22% and 27%. Many studies have attempted to identify predictors of death, however, since most patients will have several of the following co-morbid conditions, quantifying this is difficult. Mortality is higher in patients with S aureus, heart failure, embolic events, perivalvular abscess, large vegetation size, female gender, contraindication to surgery, low serum albumin, persistent bacteremia.
What's the evidence?-434.(The third edition. Tables have been included that provide input on the use of echocardiography during diagnosis and treatment.)
. vol. 48. 2006. pp. e1-148.(Guidelines for management of patients with valvular heart disease, including patients with prosthetic valves.)
Wilson, WR, Karchmer, AW, Dajani, AS, Taubert, KA. "Antibiotic treatment of adults with infective endocarditis due to streptococci, enterococci, staphylococci,and HACEK microorganisms. American Heart Association". JAMA. vol. 274. 1995. pp. 1706-13.. Published studies of the treatment of patients with endocarditis and the collective clinical experience of this group of experts. As a useful aid to the practicing clinician, the writing group developed a consensus opinion regarding management of endocarditis caused by the most commonly encountered microorganisms and regarding those cases due to infrequent causes of endocarditis.)
Chambers, HF, Korzenlowski, OM, Sande, MA. "Staphylococcus aureus endocarditis: clinical manifestations in addicts and nonaddicts". Medicine (Baltimore). vol. 62. 1983. pp. 170-7.(Major differences include 1) better prognosis in the addict population; 2) high rate of tricuspid valve involvement; 3) high frequency of pulmonary complications in the addict population.)
Cosgrove, SE, Vigliani, GA, Fowler, VG. "Initial low-dose gentamicin for Staphylococcus aureus bacteremia and endocarditis is nephrotoxic". Clin Infect Dis. vol. 48. 2009. pp. 713-21.(This is). They measured renal adverse events and clinically significant decreased creatinine clearance in patients (1) in the original randomized study arms and (2) who received any initial low-dose gentamicin, either as a study medication or before enrollment.
Howden, BP, Ward, PB, Charles, PG. "Treatment outcomes for serious infections caused by methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus with reduced vancomycin susceptibility". Clin Infect Dis. vol. 38. 2004. pp. 521-8.(Although infections caused by methicillin-resistant S aureuswith reduced vancomycin susceptibility (SA-RVS) have been reported from a number of countries, including Australia, the optimal therapy is unknown. The authors reviewed the clinical features, therapy, and outcomes of 25 patients with serious infections due to SA-RVS in Australia and New Zealand. Antibiotic therapy, especially linezolid with or without rifampicin and fusidic acid, in conjunction with surgical debulking is effective therapy for the majority of patients with serious infections (including endocarditis) caused by SA-RVS.)
Sakoulas, G, Eliopoulos, GM, Alder, J, Eliopoulos, CT. "Efficacy of daptomycin in experimental endocarditis due to methicillin-resistant Staphylococcusaureus". Antimicrob Agents Chemother. vol. 47. 2003. pp. 1714-8.(In this study, the authors compared the efficacy of daptomycin with that of vancomycin, each with or without rifampin, in a model of experimental aortic valve endocarditis due to MRSA. The infecting strain (MRSA strain 32) was susceptible to daptomycin, vancomycin, and rifampin. Comination therapy, vegetation bacterial counts were as follows: daptomycin at 40 mg/kg, 4.6 +/- 1.6; rifampin, 3.6 +/- 1.3; vancomycin plus rifampin, 3.3 +/- 1.1; daptomycin plus rifampin, 2.9 +/- 0.8. The difference between daptomycin and daptomycin plus rifampin was statistically significant (P= .006). These results support the continued evaluation of daptomycin for serious MRSA infections, including infective endocarditis.)
Tleyjeh, IM, Abdel-Latif, A, Rahbi, H. "A systematic review of population-based studies of infective endocarditis". Chest. vol. 132. 2007. pp. 1025-35.(Fifteen population-based investigations with 2371 IE cases from seven countriesThe decline in IE cases with underlying RHD became nonsignificant, but the proportion of IE patients undergoing valve surgery increased 7% per decade , and those with underlying prosthetic valve increased 7% per decade. There were no significant temporal trends in the causative organisms. Available studies suggest a changing distribution of underlying valvular heart disease in patients with IE and an increase in its surgical treatment.)
Hill, EE, Herijgers, P, Claus, P. "Infective endocarditis: changing epidemiology and predictors of 6-month mortality: a prospective cohort study.". Eur Heart J. vol. 28. 2007. pp. 196-203.(Compared with older series, we observed more prosthetic valve IE nosocomial IE, and surgery. S aureus and E faecaliswere predominant microorganisms. Age, staphylococci, and a contraindication to surgery predicted 6-month mortality. Nearly half of deaths had a contraindication to surgery. Six-month mortality did not differ significantly between patients who received surgical treatment and those who received medical treatment without a contraindication to surgery.)
Wang, A, Athan, E, Pappas, PA. "International Collaboration on Endocarditis-Prospective Cohort Study Investigators. Contemporary clinical profile and outcome of prosthetic valve endocarditis". JAMA. vol. 297. 2007. pp. 1354-61.(Prospective, observational cohort study conducted at 61 medical centers in 28 countries, including 556 patients with definite PVE. Prosthetic valve endocarditis accounts for a high percentage of all cases of infective endocarditis in many regions o fthe world. S aureusis now the leading cause of PVE. Healthcare-associated infection significantly influences the clinical characteristics and outcome of PVE. Complications of PVE strongly predict in-hospital mortality, which remains high despite prompt diagnosis and the frequent use of surgical intervention.)Firebrand anniversary giveaway!
Firebrand turned 1 year old this week, and to celebrate, I want to do a giveaway! I have some super-cool, brand-new Firebrand book bags, and I’m going to fill one with books for one lucky winner.
First, let me tell you a little about these totes, because I’m really excited about them. They’re Fair Trade, 100% organic cotton bags from Freeset Global, a company that helps offer women in Kolkata, India a way out of the sex trade. So each one of these bags, as Freeset says, is a symbol of freedom and hope. Something that I think would make Saoirse and Westleigh proud!
One side of the book bag features the Firebrand title, the other, my favorite quote by William Lloyd Garrison:
I have a need to be all on fire, for I have mountains of ice about me to melt.
(And don’t worry, if you don’t win the giveaway, I also have these available on my Etsy store.)
Inside the giveaway bag will be:
- a paperback copy of Firebrand
- a copy of the Firebrand Prologues
- 3 of my favorite YA historical novels, randomly chosen
- book swag!
How to enter
Ok, so here’s the next cool thing I’m excited about. I’ve started a fan group on Facebook to give us an easier way to interact, share cool stuff, and reach new readers. I’m calling it Sarah’s Firebrands: a closed group where members get inside looks, free previews, more chances to win in monthly giveaways, and more. And I’ll be posting weekly “missions” to help spread the word to other readers, like recommending the book to a friend on Goodreads, sharing posts, etc.
So, all you have to do to enter this book bag giveaway is join the group! Head over to Facebook, request to join, and I’ll add your name to the drawing. Simple!
Entries will close at the end of the day Sunday, and I’ll send a message to the winner on Monday morning. Good luck!
Oh, and let me just take a moment to say a huge thanks to all of you. This has been an interesting, challenging, crazy year. And for all of you who have followed and encouraged me through it, written reviews, shared with friends, THANK YOU! I can’t wait to see where this next year goes!
All my love,
SarahAs well as directly contacting interns, you can also post an internship. This will go out to interns with relevant skills, who can then register their interest.
To get started, go to your dashboard and search for the role type and skills you're after. Then, click on Create Internship.
Give a quick description of your organisation e.g. agency, insurance, and a little bit about the type of internship. For example, will it be design focused or it is based on a particular project? You can also enter when the internship will start, how long it will be for and the pay rate.
Click Create this Internship! to post your internship.
You can check your dashboard to see the internships you have live at the moment and the interns that are interested. Click on the internship to look at the interested interns.
You can then have a look through and get in touch with any interns you like the look of.
Once you've found an intern, remember to close the internship by clicking Close this!It feels as if it has been forever since I posted something here. It feels even longer if I think back to the last thing I posted that wasn’t all about beading and jewelry. Sorry about that folks. I am hoping to get Ciarrai Studios ready for an August 20th grand opening but that means that I have been in a frenzy of photographing pieces, writing up descriptions and keywords, pricing, and occasionally getting to do the fun part of designing a new piece or two. (For the record, it won’t be too hard to maintain once the store is open and I am adding a couple of pieces at a time but I have 50+ items that I need to write up and describe and it is a bit of a daunting task).
I have been so insanely busy that I really haven’t had time to knit or read or do anything other than work on the store. Hopefully, I will get a handle on everything soon and can stop being so single-minded, especially since the fall semester is starting soon and I really will need to focus on my classes once they begin.
I would have some really cool pieces to show off today if only the rest of the beading supplies I ordered would arrive. *glares at my empty mailbox*
I have this incredible earthy, boho-chic piece in the works that was inspired by a Maya Angelou poem but while I have the pendant and gemstone in hand, I am still waiting for all the findings (clasp, jump rings, crimp bead covers, etc) and the antiqued copper and brass that will contrast beautifully with the gemstone to arrive. I called the company and they say that it will most likely arrive sometime next week. It’s killing me to wait because I am really excited about this piece!
I also have some new resin pendants in the works but I ran out of resin and I am waiting for the resin that I ordered to arrive. Once it does, I will have these incredibly cute sushi-themed pendants, complete with little silver chopsticks. I am also working on a Secret Garden-themed necklace that I am really excited about and some coffee-themed pieces (even though I, personally, am a tea drinker). I found the cutest little coffee bean charms and some Swarovski crystal, in a color that is appropriately named “Mocha” and I think the combination will be adorable.
But since I can’t finish any of these pieces until I receive my supplies and because it has to be done, I am going to go back to doing the not-so-glamorous but oh-so-necessary administrative and marketing work that I need to do in order to open the store. Wish me luck in getting it all done really soon!What a pity to leave my nice little room with my own bathroom and my very own power point to charge everything up ! But it was time to move on.
Looking up river towards the thermal springs there was a cloud of fog.
I met a Korean couple of about my age who had lived in Australia for 5 years some time ago . I was amazed to hear that they had left Seville a week after me and had stopped in Ourense for 3 nights. I thought they must have been speed walkers until they told me that the heat had been too much for them in the south and they’d skipped quite a bit using public transport .
There was a long steep climb out of the valley in which Ourense sits rewarded by a view of the city from the top.
I met a man up there watching over some sheep . He was interested in Australia and we had a chat about travelling .
I passed more interesting old villages
and walked along some remaining pieces of medieval pathway.
About this time in my usual absent minded way I missed a turn off and had to use my GPS to find a wast to get back on track. Just when I arrived back on track, two locals told me I had come the wrong way. Thanks!
This photo is a bit indistinct but usually feet take off as soon as they see or hear you . These two were a long way off and stopped still just long enough for me to take a photo.
I took the route towards Oseira because I’d heard that the Cistercian Monastery at Oseira was an interesting place to stay.
The monastery is huge, there must have been hundreds of monks here once . I went to Vespers and there were 10 monks there, dressed in their white robes with the peaked cap as well as some local people.
The albergue is in a huge room in an unused wing with I’d say 10 metre ceilings, 40 beds tucked in the corner and me all alone.
Luckily the local bar was open and I ate very so so food at high prices. Just me alone again!
And almost forgot to say – I lost count of how many figs I ate today – so sweet and juicy !!
6 thoughts on “Ourense – Monasterio de Oseira October 24th”
It must have been strange sleeping in that vast room all alone!
Almost there Paul. I will miss your very interesting blog. We who’ve followed your walk are fortunate because you’ve told us such a lot about the areas you passed through. I’d now like to do part if the walk- not the whole walk as you’ve done- more like the Korean couple! Cheating.
But as I’m not a bike rider and walking appeals perhaps I’ll choose a route. Thank you Paul for inspiring me! Walking is a recent thing with me and I can imagine family members falling over one another if they knew what I’m contemplating.
Will you be in Santiago tomorrow?
LikeLiked by 1 person
Hi Vicki I’m just having a very nice lunch after walking 26km this morning ! I’m planning to arrive in Santiago on Thursday. I’d highly recommend the Via Sanabrés or part thereof – it’s the last 2 weeks or so of my walk
I was telling a friend about your walk on the phone today Paul. I excitedly mentioned that perhaps she and I could walk a teeny part of your walk sometime next year in order to encourage her in her recovery from knee surgery. She was rather hesitant – I understandably don’t think I convinced her. But then- I have a new hip and I think I’m walking better than ever in my life! Yes- I think the last section of your long walk- the Via Sanabrés would be fantastic. I guess you have a lot of followers who are excited about seeing your record of your arrival in Santiago. I certainly am. Cathy will be glad to have you safely with her and hearing your stories of your pilgrimage.
Hi Vicki I’m getting about 20 visitors a day which is a lot more than I’ve had with previous blogs . It is reasonably hilly here and I’ve slipped z few times on slippery rocks and fell once but maybe that’s because I was trying to walk too fast.
Nearly there Paul. What an amazing time you’ve had.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I’m glad I spent 6 months working in my Spanish – it’s made all the differentUnless a miracle happens Donald J. Trump will be inaugurated as the 45th President of the United States this coming Friday. Currently two issues are at the center of public attention: how did he get elected, and what kind of president will he be? As to the former, it is now obvious that FBI Director Comey helped Trump win by violating Justice Department rules and writing to Congress about Hillary Clinton’s emails eleven and two days before the election, but the role of the FBI has become a lot murkier since then. It appears that the agency has been sitting on information about ways in which the Russians may have co-opted Trump by collecting salacious material about him, and failed to investigate possible communications between the Kremlin and the Trump campaign to coordinate the release of damaging emails about Clinton. Comey’s actions with regards to the Clinton emails will now be investigated by the Inspector General of the Justice Department – someone who could be fired by president Trump as soon as Friday afternoon – and it is expected that Congress will investigate the FBI’s overall performance.
As to the latter, it is obvious that Trump will be violating the emoluments clause of the US Constitution the moment he takes the oath of office. The courageous Director of the Office of Government Ethics has made this clear in public comments on Trump’s refusal to divest himself from his business interests, and as a result this public servant will now be investigated by the same members of the House of Representatives who tried to get rid of the Office of Congressional Ethics on the first day of the new term. And next to the corrupt kleptocracy Trump will bring to the White House his administration promises to do irreparable harm to the environment, health care and education, while social and economic justice will become even more of a illusion than they are now in the US, due to economic and taxation policies. As for homeland security and foreign policy, it is telling that the only intended cabinet secretaries who made some sense during the congressional hearings were two retired four-star generals, while the candidate for Secretary of State blew a smokescreen that left everybody guessing about his positions.
Last Friday US Representative John Lewis, a hero of the civil rights era, called Trump’s presidency illegitimate, because of the way the Russians affected the outcome of the election by leaking stolen emails via Wikileaks. True to form, Trump shamelessly attacked Lewis the next day. The president-elect drags everything down to his own level, including congressional Republicans who won’t be inclined to start impeachment procedures even when the Constitution is violated.
As for how to deal with President Trump, next to organizing a wide resistance we have to hope for a complete failure of everything he tries to achieve and stands for. The Germans call this ‘Verelendung,’ and some people will say that it will cause pain to innocent people and damage to US interests, but if Trump succeeds there will be significant pain and damage anyway.
Trump and the Republicans will own every failure and pay the price in the next elections. For self-protection, we also have to see the humor in every screw-up and insane tweet, and laugh in their faces. It is a stress management technique we will badly need the next four years.
Hugo KijneHow any Christian could find a will to endorse or even tolerate Trump platform and style, it also is unlikely that majority of evangelicals actually support Donald. Most believers don’t support extremists like Jerry Falwell( who backs Trump btw) Evangelicals always struggle with the politics of a secular society now more than ever. The bigger question is how and where do they participate? Hyper nationalism is the breeding ground for evil. Republicans now face the end zone with a ‘Hail Mary’ throw, hoping a reasonable guy actually catches it.
Lorna Dueck column: at Liberty University, (Trump) …. .”Effects of methylprednisolone infusion on markers of inflammation, coagulation, and angiogenesis in early acute respiratory distress syndrome*Seam, Nitin MD; Meduri, G. Umberto MD; Wang, Honghui; Nylen, Eric S. MD; Sun, Junfeng; Schultz, Marcus J. MD, PhD; Tropea, Margaret; Suffredini, Anthony F. MD, FCCMCritical Care Medicine: February 2012 - Volume 40 - Issue 2 - p 495–501 doi: 10.1097/CCM.0b013e318232da5e Clinical Investigations Abstract Author Information Objective: Evaluate the effects of methylprednisolone on markers of inflammation, coagulation, and angiogenesis during early acute respiratory distress syndrome. Design: Retrospective analysis. Setting: Four intensive care units. Subjects: Seventy-nine of 91 patients with available samples enrolled in a randomized, blinded controlled trial. Interventions: Early methylprednisolone infusion (n = 55) compared with placebo (n = 24). Measurements and Main Results: Interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor α, vascular endothelial growth factor, protein C, procalcitonin, and proadrenomedullin were measured in archived plasma. Changes from baseline to day 3 and day 7 were compared between groups and in subgroups based on the precipitating cause of acute respiratory distress syndrome. Methylprednisolone therapy was associated with greater improvement in Lung Injury Score (p = .003), shorter duration of mechanical ventilation (p = .005), and lower intensive care unit mortality (p = .05) than control subjects. On days 3 and 7, methylprednisolone decreased interleukin-6 and increased protein C levels (all p < .0001) compared with control subjects. Proadrenomedullin levels were lower by day 3 with methylprednisolone treatment (p = .004). Methylprednisolone decreased interleukin-6 by days 3 and 7 in patients with pulmonary causes of acute respiratory distress syndrome but only at day 3 in those with extrapulmonary causes of acute respiratory distress syndrome. Protein C levels were increased with methylprednisolone on days 3 and 7 in patients with infectious and/or pulmonary causes of acute respiratory distress syndrome (all p < .0001) but not in patients with noninfectious or extrapulmonary causes of acute respiratory distress syndrome. Proadrenomedullin levels were decreased with methylprednisolone on day 3 in patients with infectious or extrapulmonary causes of acute respiratory distress syndrome (both p ≤ .008) but not in noninfectious or pulmonary acute respiratory distress syndrome. Tumor necrosis factor, vascular endothelial growth factor, and procalcitonin were elevated but not differentially affected by methylprednisolone therapy. Conclusions: In early acute respiratory distress syndrome, administration of methylprednisolone was associated with improvement in important biomarkers of inflammation and coagulation and clinical outcomes. Biomarker changes varied with the precipitating cause of acute respiratory distress syndrome, suggesting that the underlying mechanisms and response to anti-inflammatory therapy may vary with the cause of acute respiratory distress syndrome. From the Pulmonary Section (NS), Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Washington, DC; the Division of Pulmonary/Critical Care Medicine (GUM), University of Tennessee Health Sciences Center and Memphis Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Memphis, TN; the Critical Care Medicine Department (NS, HW, JS, MT, AFS), Clinical Center, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD; the Endocrinology Section (ESN), Veterans Affairs Medical Center, Washington, DC; and the Department of Intensive Care Medicine (MJS), Academic Medical Center–University of Amsterdam, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. * See also p. 679. This research was supported by the Intramural Research Program of the Critical Care Medicine Department of the National Institutes of Health. Dr. Seam, Mr. Wang, Mr. Sun, and Dr. Suffredini received funding from the National Institutes of Health. The remaining authors have not disclosed any potential conflicts of interest. For information regarding this article, E-mail: nitin.seam@va.gov © 2012 by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and Lippincott Williams & WilkinsPrint | Save | Directions
AboutXerox is located at the address 434 Ne 62nd St in Topeka, Kansas 66617.
Xerox has an annual sales volume of 100M+. .For more information contact Steve Peavler, Systems Analyst or go to
For maps and directions to Xerox view the map to the right. For reviews of Xerox see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Website:
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: Over 10000
Exact Employee Count: 10000
Exact Sales Volume: 1000000000
Sales Volume: 100M+
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Lanier Dictation Systems Sales & Service
1309 Sw 6th Ave Topeka, Kansas 66606
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Steve Peavler
- SYSTEMS ANALYSTAbout the Practical Guidance
District Court Litigation module
With new District Courts Rules changing the landscape of civil procedure in New Zealand, our latest module District Court Litigation is your go-to solution for understanding what the new legislation means for you.
You can rely on this trusted, comprehensive and up-to-date resource which addresses key topic areas to navigate you through the minefield of will help you understand the new Rules.
Whether you are looking for a resource to help you understand your new responsibilities, or you are considering moving into this growing area of law, you can get fast, easy and trusted information with Practical Guidance - District Court Litigation.
- Before commencing proceedings
- Claim procedure
- Case management
- Discovery, inspection and interrogatories
- Evidence and experts
- Trial
- District Courts Practice (Civil) (NZ)
- Sim's Court Practice (NZ)
- Cross on Evidence (NZ)
- New Zealand Forms and Precedents
- New Zealand Law Reports
- District Court Reports
- New Zealand Procedural Cases
- Unreported Judgments
- New Zealand Statutes
- New Zealand Regulations
- Laws of New Zealand
Jaesen Sumner - Partner
Ford Sumner Lawyers, Wellington
Area of expertise
Litigation, Dispute Resolution, Insolvency
Qualifications
Bachelor of Laws, Bachelor of Arts, LEADR Accredited Mediator
About
Jaesen
A founding partner of Ford Sumner, Jaesen has practiced in litigation, dispute resolution, employment, planning and compliance and related areas for nearly 17 years representing a range of local and international clients, both private and public.
Creditor's remedies and commercial insolvency comprise a significant part of Jaesen's practice. Jaesen has extensive experience in debt recovery, including numerous proceedings against individuals and companies (summary judgment or standard) throughout New Zealand. He has pursued matters to judgment and enforcement with attachment and charging orders and/or bankruptcy/liquidation proceedings. He has appeared in the District Court, High Court and Court of Appeal.
Jaesen is an active member of the NZ Credit and Finance Institute and the Insolvency Special Interest Group (Insol). Jaesen is also the Chairman of Old Boys University Rugby Football Club in Wellington.
Advisor:
Judge B A Gibson - District Court Judge Auckland
About Judge Gibson
Judge Gibson was appointed to the District Court in 2010 to sit at Auckland. He is a member of the Rules Committee and a member of the District Court sub-committee tasked with reviewing the District Court Rules 2009, which review has led to the new rules.
He is currently the Chairman of the Civil Committee of the District Court. As a practitioner he had extensive experience in civil litigation at all levels and was a lecturer in civil procedure at the Law Faculty at Victoria University.December 18, 2017
Santa Clara Supervisor and LGBT+ Champion Speaks at eBay.I mean, CDs are cheap enough that you can do this quiteoften. This is a problem when saving info and trying to use it on other computers. For more help, you can read Using Recovery Manager to Restore Software and Drivers in Windows7. I formatted my harddisk and tried to reinstall the driver but its giving this error.
Learn more about Amazon Prime. so can you tell me what shall i do for this problem or tell me where can i download software to make it work on windows xp . Click here to join today! I like to use musicmatch, the full version have a very easy cd burning features.good luck.
Back HP 600GB 6G SAS 10K 600 16 MB Cache 2.5-Inch Internal Bare or OEM Drives 581286-B21 3.6 out of 5 stars 13 $132.50 641552-001 Hewlett-Packard 300Gb 10000Rpm 2.5Inch Sas 6Gbps Short URL to this thread: Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log in with Google Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? Get the answer AnonymousApr 4, 2005, 12:50 AM Archived from groups: microsoft.public.win98.gen_discussion (More info?)If you are "formatting" a CD, then you are using CD-RW discs and the packet-writingmodule of Roxio (formerly solved My dvd writer connot read dvd but read cd?
Your Recently Viewed Items and Featured Recommendations › View or edit your browsing history After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages Roxio is what I use. However the system recognised the writer and was succesfully set up. Two problems. 1.
When you click on a Sponsored Product ad, you will be taken to an Amazon detail page where you can learn more about the product and purchase it. The reason many people are unable to find drivers for their CD-Writers is that CD-Writers operate without the need for any system level drivers. Then i decided to just go with disc copy using the HP as source and Samsung as the receiver. other That way you can progressively fill up the CD, popping in afresh one when it gets full.-- Gary S.
For more help, see Uninstalling Software in Windows7. The problem is if you have a non- > Adaptec SCSI host adapters, you will likely to have subtle > SCSI related problems (which disappear when you hook up > an Figure : Registry Editor: LowerFilters key If an UpperFilters value is also listed, select UpperFilters in the right window and press the Delete key. I use adaptec/roxio easy cd creator.
The info on the CD can onlybe>> read by adaptec software. Provided you> > remember to re-import the existing sessions on the disk, it's easy to> > add to it. Also, at times the program would only allow copying to an image file, than copying to the blank disc, which doubles recording time. solved My CD WRITER is slow and laggy solved Best Blu-ray reader/writer with software?
When I > installed Win2000, DirectCD stopped working. check my blog Figure : DVD/CD-ROM drives category Right-click the drive name and select Uninstall. The type of disc you use for burning must be compatible with the type of disc drive in your computer. Loading...
Deji barbara on May 24, 2002RE: CD Writer installation I can not get any disks to work in my drive. Just burn a CD in the DAO mode (disk at once),and> avoid> >> using the packet writing stuff (like DirectCD or InCD) and you'llbe a> lot> >> better off. Using XXCOPY and CD-RW media my daily incremental backups are a breeze. This is a problem when saving info and trying to> use it on other computers.
Advertisements do not imply our endorsement of that product or service. Two problems. 1. When it comes to recovering data from CD or DVD, meaning copying / extracting the data from disc to a safe place (e.g.
If you're not already familiar with forums, watch our Welcome Guide to get started. At this point, it's mostlyjust> music, anyway - not data, since I used DVDs for that.>> But like my HD data backups are done on a DVD, and there may be Complementary Content [<<]Message[>>] Author[>>] [<<]Subject[>>] [<<]Thread[>>] Number : 1871 Date : 2002-03-29 Author : dayvah49 Subject : Re: Alternative to DirectCD Size(KB) : 7 Dear Kan, This is my first post It take 7 minutes to burn an 80 minute cd.Read morePublished on November 17, 2001 by Sean5.0 out of 5 starsExcellent drive for the priceThe software bundle is poor, that's right,
Adaptec Easy CD Creator could not seem to detect the CD-Writer and kept complaining that I could not write to CD-Rs since the drive was not a writer. by Keith_C_A / April 18, 2004 5:09 PM PDT In reply to: what cd burning software will make cds that play in my car? Articles & News Forum Graphics & Displays CPU Components Motherboards Games Storage Overclocking Tutorials All categories Chart For IT Pros Get IT Center Brands Tutorials Other sites Tom's Guide Tom's IT Also please exercise your best judgment when posting in the forums--revealing personal information such as your e-mail address, telephone number, and address is not recommended.
As for the drivers, if you're running Windows 98, you shouldn't need any. Search all support All Support Software, Drivers and Updates Troubleshooting How to Product Information User Guides Cancel Example: “Laserjet P1102w driver” or “HP Pavilion 17-f002na will not turn on” Loading Results Usama on June 18, 2002I hope that u can help me . Flag Permalink This was helpful (0) Collapse - Re:what cd burning software will make cds that play in my car?
Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse3.0 out of 5 starsWithout good software, what good is itByA customeron June 27, 2001I bought the drive and it had nice install instructions (though Compatible with large-capacity, 80-minute CDs, this drive comes with CD creation and backup software so you can create reliable custom CDs for music, photos, and data; back up and protect individual I have installed Roxio software version 5.0 for the cd-writer to work but it doesn't work. Flag Permalink This was helpful (0) Collapse - Re:what cd burning software will make cds that play in my car?
Adaptec EZ CD Creator 4 solved Does a Blu-Ray/DVD/CD Writer also read discs? At Roxio's > web site, it suggested to do the "update". It may buy some time, if it worked, but when things went wrong, try not to keep working with that bad disc, even if it is re-writable media, set your data so you better check this software or upgrade to a better sound system for your car.
IsoBuster comes highly recommended by Philips, HP, Adaptec, Roxio, Nero, Sonic,... I paid for XXCOPY last August and am fast becoming addicted to learning how to use it. Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsAnother winner from HPByGaryBergeron April 8, 2001I've always been partial to HP products (except for their consumer PCs) and this driveIt is a tenant of hockey any time of the year, but one especially important in the postseason: Get pucks and bodies to the front of the net, and if there is contact with the goaltender, so be it.
Turns out the Canadiens have done a better job of that through the opening two games of their first-round series with the Rangers, knotted at one game apiece after two games in Montreal. So when Game 3 commences Sunday night at the Garden, the Blueshirts are hoping to keep people away from goalie Henrik Lundqvist and as far away from the crease as possible.
“I think we have to do a better job boxing out,” winger Rick Nash said Saturday in Montreal, with his team using the day to travel back to New York after a gut-wrenching 4-3 overtime loss Friday night at Bell Centre. “I think we kind of let them have too many rebounds, too many jams. I think that stems from our play at the blue lines. Wingers have to be better at getting pucks out.”
With the Rangers holding a 3-2 lead in Game 2, they couldn’t keep Tomas Plekanec from getting to the front of the net — despite a slash from defenseman Nick Holden that broke his own stick and left him helpless to defend as Plekanec tied the score with 17.3 seconds remaining in regulation. They also couldn’t keep Alexander Radulov from jamming in the winner in overtime, as Mika Zibanejad gave a unsightly effort to keep him away as he jammed one in.
But not only do the Rangers need to defend better, they need to do the same in front of Carey Price if they have any chance of beating the superlative Montreal netminder with any regularity.
“It’s a big topic for us as well, trying to get pucks and bodies there,” captain Ryan McDonagh said. “They obviously had the puck more, second half of the third and overtime [in Game 2]. We’re going to try to do the same thing. You see it’s not always pretty goal, highlight-reel goals. If we find we get one or two more of those, jam pucks at the net, that’ll help us.”
The Rangers recorded 74 hits in Game 2, and though it is a stat kept with inconsistency throughout the league, it was the most they have had in a playoff game since that stat began being tracked in 1997-98. They now have to try to get back to their high-tempo style that carried them through most of the regular season while also not losing the physicality necessary in the postseason.
“When you get into a playoff game, I think there needs to be some physicality there, and I think we’ve done a good job of making sure that we’re answering that,” center Derek Stepan said. “I also think that our team is built on speed and we can find ways to get back to that, as well. We have to find a balance between the two of them.”
With that physicality, there have been a lot of post-whistle scrums — but not very many cheap shots besides the spear Rick Nash took the groin at the end of Game 1.
“Playoff hockey. I think you look around the league, I don’t know if you’re going to see regular season, people stopping in front of the net without a scrum,” Stepan said. “It’s that time of year. I didn’t think there was any cheap shots thrown, it was just a playoff game.”.
Children grow so fast that clothes can be hardly worn. Organize a clothes swap among friends or in your community so you can trade gently used items with others, Allen suggests. Or, exchange clothes, books and other school supplies online at Swapmamas.com or Craigslist, says Sue Perry, deputy editor for ShopSmart magazine.Reductions in investments and low oil prices could curb future supplies, leaving the world to face a new energy shock when the economy picks up, according to a study.. While some of the biggest companies, like Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell, say they will keep their investments unchanged this year, many other producers are curbing investments because of the crisis..
“Seven consecutive years of rising oil prices — unprecedented in the history of the oil industry — have come crashing down, thus burying the notion that the commodity price cycle was a historical relic,” said the report, a field-by-field study of production trends.
Many experts have voiced even darker concerns in recent months. Christophe de Margerie, the chief executive of French oil company Total, recently said that producers would find it challenging to bolster supplies even to 90 million barrels a day by the middle of the next decade as projects get canceled.
Oil prices have fallen by 63 percent from their peak of $147 a barrel last summer. They are now trading around $54 a barrel after OPEC producers curbed supplies to prevent a price collapse.
But even at this level, many producers warn that oil prices remain too low to sustain increased investments.
Global oil demand is headed for its second consecutive drop this year. Over time, as populations grow, most experts expect oil consumption to rebound as emerging economies become richer. Any slowdown in investments now will translate into higher prices.
This month, oil producers meeting in Vienna also warned of a possible price shock when the demand for oil picks up again in coming years. As many as 35 new projects in nations belonging to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries may be delayed by 2013.
“I have often described unsustainably low oil prices as carrying the seeds of future spikes and volatility. In a low-price environment, the trend is often to focus on survival instead of expansion,” Ali al-Naimi, the Saudi oil minister, said recently. “If we place a low priority on preparing for the future, that lack of action can come back to haunt us through supply shortages and another round of high prices.”
The same concerns are also worrying economic experts from consuming countries, including the International Energy Agency and the International Monetary Fund.
.”Hello FABULOUS
Hello crafty friends! I hope you had a great Easter break. For today, I created a pair of striped cards using The Ton’s.
I hope you enjoyed today’s card. Thank you for stopping by!
Chic and stylish, Mayline! The diagonal strips and sentiment pairings are guaranteed to bring smiles…they certainly have for me!
~c (carol)
Ij ust saw them, and they are gorgeous – love the bold overlaid stripes. Beautifully done 🙂Nick Blood’s Lance Hunter is back on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. — and just in time! The former agent, who left the show in Season 3, will return to lend a hand to Leo Fitz in the Season 5 episode “Rewind,” which reveals what Fitz has been up to since the Season 4 finale. Per a clip released earlier this week, Hunter has resurfaced to help rescue Fitz from prison so that they can track down what happened to Director Phil Coulson and the rest of the team.
Speaking to CBR, Blood discussed his triumphant return to the show and what it was like to work so closely with Fitz actor Iain De Caestecker. He also teased Hunter’s reunion with Fitz, as well as the status of Hunter’s relationship with his longtime partner Bobbi “Mockingbird” Morse and more.
RELATED: Agents of SHIELD: A Familiar Face Returns With a Shocking Demand
CBR: What was it like for you to return to the set after all this time?
Blood: Oh, it was really nice! I mean, whenever I’m in LA, I always pop down and see everybody. I’ve got some really good friends on that crew and everything. When they shoot, they’re so busy, because they’re there all day every day, so my options are limited when I come to set to visit. But it was great to see all those guys and they’re such a brilliant team and they all work so well together. They’ve got a level of professionalism amongst them and camaraderie and just the atmosphere on set is really positive, so it was great to see those guys. Then me and Iain were relishing the opportunity to have some fun together. You know, they weren’t on screen together a lot during the time that I was on the show. It was the odd scene here and there, but to get a whole episode together… I think the showrunners know how good of friends we are in real life, so I think they were keen to explore that and see what fun they could have with us.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. has always been an ensemble show, but it seems like it’s down to Fitz and Lance for this episode. What was it like to work so closely with Iain De Caestecker?
We’re such close friends in real life. We talk all the time. We’re in contact pretty much every day, really, and speak to each other every week if he’s in LA and I’m here or whatever. So we’re really good mates, and the both of us were just really excited to get the opportunity to spend a couple of weeks together, having fun. Iain is such a brilliant actor as well. I like watching him anyway, and it’s interesting seeing how he approaches a scene and what does he do with it and his kind of take on things, so it was like learning from actors that I work with and so on. We just had a lot of fun and hopefully that comes across on screen. That dynamic comes quite naturally to us.
RELATED: Agents of SHIELD Teases Major Character’s Potential Demise
As we see in the promo for Friday’s episode, Hunter at least tries to help Fitz escape from prison. What can you tease about their reunion?
Hunter has always got that improvisational quality about him. He’s not there with all the whizbangers or the S.H.I.E.L.D. tech all the time. He’s got some dodgy connections. He tries to use those. Sometimes they don’t always come off, so it’s a little bit trial and error, I would say. He uses hit wit and charm as much as he can!
This season has been pretty serious and grim so far. Would you say that continues in your return episode, or do things start to lighten up a little bit?
I think this one is a bit of a lighter episode. It was probably the opportunity for a bit of lightness in amongst the shade, a little bit of comic relief for everybody. There’s moments of seriousness in it and so on, but largely it’s a nice little kind of buddy movie really for this episode and I think fans will really enjoy the dynamic between Hunter and Fitz.
RELATED: Are the Agents of SHIELD in a Parallel Universe?
Hunter and Bobbi have become something of an iconic duo on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Will we learn anything new about Hunter’s better half in the episode?
You get little hints of it! I think what they’ve done really well is provide a few hints so that the audience can use their imagination as to what’s going on. I think it feels like the fans know that relationship and know those characters so well that I’m sure they can piece it all together and work out what they’ve been up to since they left S.H.I.E.L.D., so I’ll leave that to the fans’ imagination.
Do you have a favorite scene or moment you’re excited for fans to see?
My favorite stuff is probably driving around in the RV. Me and Iain were having quite a lot of fun in the front of the RV. I think if you ask the camera crew or the director, they were probably having slightly less fun in the back because I was swinging it around… on the winding roads in California, off in LA somewhere. I’m not the best driver, basically. Let’s put it that way. So putting me in charge of an RV… I think when I first got into it, they had people chasing after it, shouting at me, making me go, “What?! What?!” to try and hear what they were saying. [laughs] I don’t even know now what they were talking about at that point, but everybody was panicking.
Airing Fridays at 9 p.m. ET/PT on ABC, Marvel’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Season 5 stars Clark Gregg, Ming-Na Wen, Chloe Bennet, Henry Simmons, Iain De Caestecker, Natalia Cordova-Buckley, Elizabeth Henstridge, Nick Blood, Jeff Ward, Eve Harlow, Pruitt Taylor Vince and Coy Stewart.
- Ad Free Browsing
- Over 10,000 Videos!
- All in 1 Access
- Join For Free!Calling all bike-loving West Enders! It's time to reclaim the streets!
We dream of a city where everyone, young or old, feels safe riding a bike in Brisbane
To apply political pressure for safe, separated bike lanes, West End residents will be creating their own temporary pop-up bike lane along part of Hardgrave Rd on the morning of Friday, 8 September to coincide with West End State School's 'Bling Your Bike Day'.
From 7:30am to 9am, we will temporarily reclaim under-used road space on Hardgrave Road using witches hats, traffic markers and whatever else we can find to create a barrier-separated bike lane leading down Hardgrave Road towards West End State School.
But more importantly, from 8:15 to 8:45am, we will be creating a chain of 'human bollards', with dozens of people standing along Hardgrave Rd linking arms to mark out the bike lane. (The human barrier will be on the inside of the witches hats and other safety markers)
And we need your help! Please come along to be part of the human bike lane barrier, and bring along anything you have at home that can be placed in between the witches hats to help demarcate the bike lane e.g. large pot plants, old stuffed animals, colourful sculptures etc.
Adults are strongly encouraged to decorate your bikes as well. Break out the streamers and colourful costumes. This will be a good chance to get in the mood for Kurilpa Derby the following month.
If you can't stay the whole time until 9am, you're welcome to drop off a few pot plants to contribute to the bike lane, and we'll store them for you to pick up later.
If any musicians or performing artists feel like being part of the day, we might also set up a little Friday morning jam session near the corner of Vulture and Hardgrave (post up in the comments if you're interested in this)
We also need your help if you live or work along Hardgrave Road... for this one morning, we respectfully ask that you please avoid parking on the west side of Hardgrave Road between Skinner St and Scott St. This street parking will be available again after 9am.
Streets are safer and less stressful for everyone when there is clear separation between pedestrians, bikes and cars. Bikes lanes don't have to cost millions of dollars to deliver. With a bit of creative thinking we can all help transform our city for the better.
Pop-Up Protected Bike Lane in West End
Calling all bike-loving West Enders! It's time to reclaim the streets!
WHEN
September 08, 2017 at 7:30am - 9am
WHERE
Hardgrave Road
51 Hardgrave Rd
West End, Queensland 4101
Australia
Google map and directions"Civilization Phaze III" by Frank Zappa Is Released
Civilization Phaze III is a double album by Frank Zappa. It was the last album he completed before his death in 1993, and was released posthumously in April 1995 by The Zappa Family Trust on Barking Pumpkin Records.
“
.....”— Frank ZappaThis past Sunday, I went to a pretty great estate sale that was overflowing with vintage books! (As well as a cool guy find that you'll see tomorrow!)
I looked through probably a hundred old books before deciding on these two primarily for the cover art:
Aren't they great? One of my favorite things about old books is the neat designs on the covers :) The Shakespeare book is made for children, too, so it's more of an easy read!
Although I love the idea of digital books and e-readers and the like, there will always be something special about an old book in one's hands.
Have a great Thursday, everyone :)
Always,
Amanda
Hi! I'm new to your blog, and it's great! Fun books!During the session, the Sensex scaled a high of 33,621.96 before finishing at 33,462.97, up 216.27 points, or 0.65 per cent, over the previous closing. For the broader 50-share NSE Nifty, the close came in at at 10,333.25, a gain of 81.15 points, or 0.79 per cent, after hitting a high of 30,373.10.M.M. VAN BENSCHOTEN ASSOCIATES
A Center for Integrative
Health & Healing
Our practitioners understand the language of Western Medicine as it translates into Traditional Chinese Medicine.
M.M. Van Benschoten, OMD
Associates
Our practitioners understand the language of Western Medicine as it translates into Traditional Chinese Medicine. We uniquely create customized Chinese herbal formulas, and develop individualized treatment that is tailored to your present situation and may include personalized nutrition, acupuncture structural integration, CranioSacral or a combination created just for you.
We customize our approach and treatment to each unique individual and we welcome, when available, the feedback and input from of your wider healing community including your doctors, chiropractors, nutritionists, as well as more esoteric healers.
Meet our amazing associates:
Our Founder
M.M. Van Benschoten, OMD, revolutionized the practice of Traditional Chinese Medicine by validating these ancient methods of healing through rigorous modern day scientific laboratory research in partnership with worldwide medical leaders from Germany, Japan, China, and the U.S.
M.M. Van Benschoten dedicated his life work to:
“Dr. Matt’s” unique perspective and his legacy continue through the work of his associates. In addition to providing customized herbal formulas from an extensive and thoroughly researched herbal pharmacy, and blending Traditional Chinese Medicine with a deep understanding of Western Medicine and medical conditions, each associate offers their own honed expertise.Communication, relationships are key for ASU women's tennis athletic trainer
John Teasley joined the program in 2015 as a graduate assistant
Growing up around both sports and medicine, John Teasley loves the job that now allows him to combine both: ASU women's tennis athletic trainer.
Teasley said his mom worked in a hospital. As a kid, science and medicine intrigued him, but he also loved to play sports. Out of high school, he made the wrestling and golf teams, but Teasley’s playing career ended before it really could get started.
“During my freshman year of high school, I tore my meniscus in my right knee and had to have surgery,” Teasley said. “I saw the athletic trainer and that is where I found the job that combines sports and medicine. It is funny because that is the typical story of how many athletic trainers got into the job.”
While he misses playing sports, Teasley said he was never the best golfer or wrestler, but he understood both sports. He also has a solid understanding of tennis that helps him dissect why a player cramps up after hitting a certain shot.
Teasley said he loves helping athletes get back out on the court after an injury, something he's done extensively with ASU women's tennis. This makes the day-to-day grind of guiding players through rehab worth it. Currently, Teasley is helping senior Kassidy Jump work back from a right knee injury.
Jump says she is feeling better. Coach McInerney expects her to play against Arizona on Saturday. @statepresssport pic.twitter.com/AWIKHIb35M— Joe Jacquez (@joejacquezaz) April 19, 2017
“At the end of the day, that is why I do this job,” Teasley said. “To see somebody that has an injury not be able to play the sport that they love, work with them through the rehab, because everybody hates rehab and nobody has fun with that. But, to see them go through it and then see them play just as good as they were before, that makes me happy.”
Teasley was first exposed to athletic training as an undergrad for three years at Michigan State. During his senior year as a Spartan, Teasley applied for a variety of graduate internship programs.
In November 2014, Teasley applied to ASU. After the application process concluded, he interviewed with the tennis coaching staff. Before graduating from Michigan State in May 2015, Teasley accepted a full-time graduate assistant position at ASU.
The Michigan native knew he wanted to get away from the snow, and ASU women’s tennis was looking for a new athletic trainer.
“The weather played a huge part,” Teasley said. “For 23 years, I was in the snow and I was like ‘forget that’ so I decided to come to the desert.”
Teasley realized early on that effective communication would make the job easier at ASU. On a daily basis, he has to talk with players, coaches, doctors and administrators about how all six players are feeling.
“He (Teasley) knows how the kids are feeling and a way to get it out of them,” head coach Sheila McInerney said. “He travels with us on the road and that is really helpful for a coach. It takes some of the pressure off us, as far of who can go and who can’t go."
As an athletic trainer, he does not officially diagnosis injuries, but he can provide an opinion to the coaching staff. McInerney needs to know the status of an injured player because that effects practice plans and the lineup for singles and doubles.
“Sheila wants the facts and she wants it right away,” Teasley said. “So it is about how do I go about that and tell her in a way that makes the most sense.”
When a player is injured, Teasley is required to go to the doctor’s office for the medical examination. Part of his job is to explain to players what the doctor’s diagnosis means and how long they will be out. Teasley's great relationships with all the players helps ease this stressful process.
“There is a lot of times where they come out of those appointments and say to me ‘so, what is going on?'” Teasley said. “For doctors, the medical terminology is just second nature.”
Earlier this season, sophomore Sammi Hampton reinjured her shin at the Texas Tech Invitational. During her doctor’s appointment, Hampton said Teasley did a great job of explaining the injury and what the recovery process would entail.
From day one, Teasley wanted every player to feel comfortable in his training room. When Hampton was rehabbing, he started with lighter conversations about her weekend or classes. Teasley said this helped put Hampton in a better mood and allowed him to ask about her injury.
Hampton said he has always had her back. She said he texted her every day to check in on her injury and kept her company while she was sitting out.
"You want someone that is going to be there for everything, not just your injuries," Hampton said. "He knows when something is wrong, even if it isn’t about tennis and will talk with you about it and that helps me play better.”
Teasley will finish his graduate assistant program after the season ends. If a full-time position opens up, he said he would take it in a heartbeat.
“I get paid whether we win or lose,” Teasley said. “I am not here for that. I am here to make sure that the athletes are safe and healthy and at the same time, doing what we can to get them on the court to play because that is what they want."
Reach the reporter at jpjacqu1@asu.edu or follow @joejacquezaz on Twitter.
Like State Press Sports on Facebook and follow @statepresssport on Twitter.Car Locksmith
2520 W Encanto Blvd Phoenix, Arizona 85009(480) 257-7816
Print | Save | Directions
AboutCar Locksmith is located at the address 2520 W Encanto Blvd in Phoenix, Arizona 85009. They can be contacted via phone at (480) 257-7816 for pricing, hours and directions. Car Locksmith specializes in Trucks, Motorcycles, Imports.
Car Locksmith provides Vehicle Lock Repair, Tire Repair, Storage to it's customers. For maps and directions to Car Locksmith view the map to the right. For reviews of Car Locksmith see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Parts , Security Products , Access Control Systems , Burglar Bars , Frames , Door Openers , Plate Glass , Cameras
SERVICES
- Flat Tires , Commercial Services , Foreign Vehicles , Storage , Vehicle Lock Repair , Roadside Assistance , Tire Repair , Auto Repairs , Residential Services , Mobile Services
BRANDS
- Kwikset , Mazda , Baldwin , Jeep , Yale , Ford , Master , Mercedes Benz , Lexus , Toyota
SPECIALTIES
- Imports , Buses , Trucks , Exotics , Motorcycles
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (480) 257-7816
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Johnny locksmith
1940 E Camelback rd, Phoenix, Az 85016 Unit: 201B Phoenix, Arizona 85016
A Locksmith 00 24 7
2252 E Rose Garden Loop Phoenix, Arizona 85024
AAA1 PHOENIX EMERG A 1 DAY
2739 E Roosevelt St Phoenix, Arizona 85008
A Locksmith 0 1 24 Hour
2501 E Solano Dr Phoenix, Arizona 85016Happy Independence Day (early) for my American readers! Happy Canada Day (late) for my Canadian readers! And happy [insert appropriate holiday here] for my [insert appropriate nationality, ethnicity, religion, etc. here] readers! Whew, I think I covered it.
Last week, I wrote about the MOOC (Massive Open Online Course) I'm in, and the promise to finish that job is still there, but since the course is still technically open until tomorrow, I'll hold off until next week. And since we just closed the second quarter of 2017 on Friday (seriously, how is it July already???), it's time to share my reading material for the quarter, in case you find it of any interest. Here we go, in order that I read them. Some with editorializing, some without:
Feed (2002), M.T. Anderson. A future with wifi built right into our heads. Good concept, good book overall, undermined (for me) by the really annoying "teenage voice" of the protagonist/narrator.
Wizard and Glass (Dark Tower, book IV) (1997), Stephen King, re-read. This was always my favorite of the Dark Tower series, and a treat to read again.
Wolves of the Calla (Dark Tower, book V) (2003), Stephen King. Re-read, but it's been a long time.
The Song of Susannah (Dark Tower, book VI) (2004), Stephen King. Re-read. This is where King may have lost a lot of readers, as King introduced a new character into the series: Stephen King.
Fates and Furies (2015), Lauren Groff. Irony: I started reading this one right after my semi-coherent thoughts about time. This book made me question the whole premise of that post.
The Lifeboat (2012), Charlotte Rogan.
The Sleepwalker (2017), Chris Bohjalion. Both this and Lifeboat were interesting while being read, but quickly forgotten. And I'm a Bohjalion fan.
White Fang (1906, though the one I read was published in 1971 or so), Jack London. I think I'll be skipping Call of the Wild.
The Dark Tower (Dark Tower, book VII) (2004), Stephen King. Re-read, but it's been a long time (and I think I had only read it once, unlike some of the other entries in the series). Authorial insertion aside, this is a good read and a satisfying conclusion to the series. Does it make any sense at all? That would take many multiple posts.
That's the list. Three months, nine books completed, which is more than I thought, as it seemed like I went through long periods of not reading during that time. I suspect the fact that four of the books were re-reads (though only Wizard and Glass is a book I've read more than once) sped my reading up a bit. I'm also happy to say I'm still making progress on the WiP and even a bit on the RiP.
So--what have you been reading? Anything good? Wizard and Glass to me is always worth a read.
I broke the 60 book mark for 2017, which is already 10 books more than I had set as my call. Thank heavens for audio books, or I doubt I would get more than two or three books done in a year.
I read a lot of King's books when I was younger - haven't read as many since because I value my sleep and that man writes so brilliantly he keeps me awake. His scary stuff gave me nightmares for years! :).
I have not read a full book in a long while, but I've enjoyed some short stories and poetry from some local lit journals. Hope you're well!
-Donna: Wow, 60 books is quite impressive. I've only listened to audiobooks once or twice. What do you do while you're being read to?
-Jemi: this series kept me up more because of the "What happens next?" factor. Amazing that he was working on that series for 30+ years.
-Bonnee: I think my other problem with Feed is that it wasn't quite about what I thought it would be about based on the blurb. The story didn't quite go where I wanted it to go. I hope you can squeeze in some more reading time!Setting another challenge…
If you stop by here every now and then you will see that I am a person that is always planning my next challenge. I have a need to be planning the next ‘thing’ be it a night out, holiday or personal target. I’m not sure if it is healthy to be constantly setting myself challenges and targets to meet and more to the point if I should be sharing them with the world or just keep to myself and celebrate the achievement?
Well, it looks like the sharing will continue for at least this post as I have set myself another target! I am going to tog out and take part in the Wicklow Adventure Race – WAR:Hellfire.
I have exactly two months to get race fit which includes running 3km up a mountain, cycling 17km up and down mountains and some bendy roads it seems and finally 3km up the original mountain again.
I enjoy a challenge but mostly I enjoy completing them! Three years ago I did one of the WAR races that included 40km of running, kayaking and cycling. I was waaaaaaaaaaaaaay fitter than I am now back then but it was a fairly hardcore challenge – I tend not to realise how difficult they are until I am around 3km in!
Then last year I decided I’d try Hell and Back. Well. I have never in my life felt so battered and tired. The 14km course nearly finished me.
One word simply describes it. Relentless. Once you got through one assault you were straight into the next one. My major downfall was that I didn’t train enough for it and I had no idea how grueling it was going to be. It was great craic, at times and the feeling of achievement was brilliant but I don’t think I’ll be doing another one!
So, let the training begin. I know I can do it but I’d like to do it well. I’m not going to set any records but I’d like to feel proud rather than pathetic coming across the finish line.
Yikes![email protected] is running SCAM trying to buy your car and sending you a Bank check by FEDX and just before you get FEDX mail he sends you e-mail with the woman in the office sent you 1000.00 dollars to much so take out 100.00 for your time and send me back exta amount for my shipping of car, his e-mail and address says New Jersey ,IF THIS GUY IS REAL I/M DONALD TRUMP
World's #1 Racing & Performance ClassifiedsHello lovely readers
As I’m thinking about what to write I notice, that the last couple days haven’t been interesting at all. I was pretty busy working and life just went on. Funny thing is, when people ask me why I don’t have snapchat Continue reading “Last days of Summer”“I have chosen to be happy because it is good for my health.” –Voltaire
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! It is my second Thanksgiving away from home, which is bittersweet. I am missing everyone a lot, but at the same time, I am very thankful for the opportunities and adventures I am having. I’m excited for my next American Thanksgiving in the distant future, but am pleased to have so many experiences to be thankful for!
This week was the end of model school, an 8-day very abbreviated sort of student teaching. Over here in Mozambique, school is out for summer vacation, so our students are voluntarily coming to school for education and some free cookies. We were supposed to be teaching 8th, 9th, and 10th grades, but because we rely on volunteers, our students actually ranged in ages from 6-15 in 8th grade up to 17 or 18 in 10th grade. My 17-year-old host sister, for example, was in the 10th grade class, even though she has already completed that year. It made teaching very difficult, though it was nice that our class sizes weren’t the typical 80-student classes.
I was teaching English in 8th grade English in one of 4 turmas (classes), so on Monday morning I put on my bata (teacher’s robe) and walked to model school. Each of us PCTs was scheduled to teach 4 lessons throughout the 7 days in our turma. The last day was a test that we had created. Before Escola Modela (model school), we sat down as an 8th grade English team (the 10 of us) and planned out our unit: we would teach about the daily schedule with the objective that students would be able to write a paragraph describing their daily schedule at the end. Sounds easy, right?
Our class
The whole 8th grade
We found out on the first day that we had really overestimated our students. While a few of them had some English experience, most could not say a word other than “hello” and “good morning, teacher, how are you?” The range of levels in our class was huge, and definitely a challenge. The students also did not understand how to do things like work in pairs or share answers with each other. It was interesting seeing the effects of an education system that so much emphasized copying and lecturing. It was difficult for us, especially those of us with teaching experience in the U.S. where the exact opposite is emphasized. At the same time, it is difficult for the teachers to plan much else with the lack of materials and the little education that many of them have.
Overall, the model school had many challenges, but I really enjoyed it. I was very happy being back in the classroom and being greeted with “Teacher Sama!” every day. One of my students drew me a card, and many of them approached me to say hi after lessons. It was also good practice for dealing with limited resources, or with unique problems such as when a dog wanders into your class and curls up in the corner during your lesson. That is not something that would happen in most American classrooms. We also dealt with changes in students from day to day. We even had 5 new kids on the last day, the day we handed tests back. It was somewhat ridiculous…
Me and Sean repping IWU in our batas
At the end of the week and a half we had a test. We wrote it out on papel gigante, flipchart paper, ahead of time so that we wouldn’t have to write it on the board the day of. Students copied the questions and their answers onto pieces of paper. We had 10 questions, which turned out to be too many for most of the students. They struggled writing everything down and then doing the activities. It is also interesting because Mozambican schools stress perfection in writing, so if students messed up they would start a new paper rather than crossing it out and writing over it. We took their tests at the end of the 45 minutes and then collected them to grade them. In the end, about half our students passed.
One other exciting thing from last week was our mural. Moz 21 was invited to paint a mural on the wall of our English hub. One of the PCTs helped to design it, and we all pitched in to make it a reality. It took almost the entirety of last weekend, but turned out looking really cool. Check it out!
Tania in front of her masterpiece (every star is a Peace Corps Volunteer’s current site)
Sadly, we are approaching our last week in Namaacha. I think we are all ready to get to our sites and begin the real work, but it will be difficult to leave the people who we have all become close too. Tomorrow is our Thanksgiving, Saturday is our celebration with our families, and then on Tuesday we are off to Maputo for swearing in! These past 2 months have passed by so quickly, and I can only imagine that the next two years will do the same.
Portuguese word of the day: Obrigada (Thank you)
French word of the day: Merci (Thanks)“?
Wow. Friend, this piece has given me the shivers. i actually think I’m going to cry. Cut it out! ~ No don’t. This is an amazing piece of work. 🙂
I just tweeted a link to this to WP to recommend it for Freshly Pressed. If they don’t, they should.
Thank you! I am so happy that the writing reached you. 🙂 This has become an important message to me, just totally made me look at life in a new light, so I’m glad if that came across!
It certainly did. Well done.
Spot on. We seem so obsessed with the why – and yet why is often without meaning, without use – Knowing why your poor won’t make you rich, knowing why your child was lost won’t bring them back. We need to ask what. Not why me, but what will I do about it. Not why am I unlucky, but what can I do to make things better.
The “why not me” is a good way of doing this. So true – we’re all just people after all – why not me.
Amen to that, friend! 😀
This reminds me so much of ‘There, but for the grace of God, go I.’
Yes, we so frequently ask the question ‘why me’ as if we alone are being persecuted, or punished for behaving in some way but, when we can take ourselves out from being at the center of things and look at it from another angle, another perspective, we see that life is what it is, nothing more, nothing less. It does what it does and all that matters is how we learn to handle what it does. Isn’t it just like a light being turned on in our head when we ‘get it’…when we understand that little bit more about life than we did before it happens. There is so much to be learned, and being open to it all is the way to knowing more.
RYN: Thank you so much for such a lovely comment on my ‘about’ page. I was getting hundreds of spam left in the comments forms that I had to set it to close comments after 10 days, to try to cut down on the spam. It does help but, now they found they can spam through the comment form on the old pictures I use too…LOL
So, anything older than 10 days the comments form isn’t on them..thanks so much though. 🙂 A pleasure to meet you too.
Oh, that explains it. :p I was quite confused, trying to find a comment box for a good half an hour. Nevermind if I didn’t find one though, the main thing is that I found your inspirational writing!
And I think it is exactly how you put it, when we take a step back and stop focusing all our thoughts inwards quite often we see the bigger picture. And what a picture life makes!
What a beautiful twist of the common perspective! And how very right you are.Pastoralists in Turkana County have formed a marketing association that has seen them get higher returns from sale of livestock.
The Livestock Marketing Association organises auctions on behalf of the pastoralists which have attracted buyers from as far as Mombasa, Kenya Meat Commission, Dagoreti and Kiamaiko markets in Nairobi.
“The pastoralists are registering booming business as their animals attract good prices unlike in the past when they sold them at throwaway prices or they died out of drought,” said Joseph Losuru Esinyen, the County Livestock Marketing Council chairman which regulates the Turkana association.
The project accountant David Onchiri said pastoralists are earning up to Sh130,000 each during peak seasons as traders flock the Lodwar auction yard to buy goats, sheep and camels.
Livestock keepers can also get loans to buy more animals. The association received a grant of Sh6.5 million from American Development Agency-United States African Development Foundation.
“Lodwar was allocated Sh1.69 million and another Sh1 million to Lokichar group and eligible members can receive between Sh15,000 to Sh50,000 repayable within four months,” said Bernard Iria Lomali, the council’s project coordinator.
Mr Lomali said that humanitarian agencies involved in re-stocking exercise also buy animals from the auction yards before distributing them to deserving families.
“The animals are graded according to their quality with a pedigree goat going at about Sh7,000 up from Sh2,500 before the marketing association was introduced,” said David Kaikir, Lodwar Livestock Marketing Association Chairman.
He said the introduction of modernised sale yards has benefited other business people.
“Women and youth groups plant fodder along River Turkwel that they sell to the traders. This has reduced poverty levels,” said Mr Esinyen.
He said the association has constructed more animal auction yard in Kakuma, Lopur, Kaobeyei and Lokichoggio to enable pastoralists in the county to sell their animals at attractive rates.
The marketing association also trains the pastoralists on ways to diversify to other income-generating activities.Capitol City Pawn & Jewelry
1634 Sw Washburn Ave Ste B Topeka, Kansas 66604(785) 234-4466
Print | Save | Directions
AboutCapitol City Pawn & Jewelry is located at the address 1634 Sw Washburn Ave in Topeka, Kansas 66604. They can be contacted via phone at (785) 234-4466 for pricing, hours and directions. Capitol City Pawn & Jewelry specializes in Festivals, Business Meetings, Conventions.
Capitol City Pawn & Jewelry has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .For more information contact Robbie Garcia, Manager
Capitol City Pawn & Jewelry provides Design & Engineering, Financing Available, Systems Design to it's customers. For maps and directions to Capitol City Pawn & Jewelry view the map to the right. For reviews of Capitol City Pawn & Jewelry see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Entertainment Systems , CDs & DVDs , Audio & Video , Speakers , Lighting , Video Equipment , Wireless Systems , Digital TVs , Stereo & Audio Equipment , Cameras
SERVICES
- Systems Design , Financing Available , Schools , Productions , Residential Services , Commercial Services , Shipping , Satellite Radio , Duplication , Design & Engineering
SPECIALTIES
- Conventions , Business Meetings , Seminars , Hotels , Trade Shows , Auditoriums , Hotels & Motels , Festivals
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (785) 234-4466
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 15
Exact Sales Volume: 750000
Location Type: Branch Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Gordon's Jewelers
1801 Sw Wanamaker rd Ofc Ste Vc10 Topeka, Kansas 66604
Calhoun's Creation
4029 Sw 10th Ave Topeka, Kansas 66604
Diamond House
1801 Sw Gage Blvd Topeka, Kansas 66604
Robuck Watch & Clock Reapir
845 N Kansas Ave Topeka, Kansas 66608
Brokers of Us & Foreign Coins
201 Sw Topeka Blvd Topeka, Kansas 66603
Zales Jewelers
1801 Sw Wanamaker rd Ofc G21 Ste Topeka, Kansas 66604
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Robbie Garcia
- MANAGER
- Phone: (785) 234-4466
- Frank Ellis
- MANAGER
- Phone: (785) 234-4466Minuteman Press
2001 Lawrenceville Swnee Ste 101 Suwanee, Georgia 30024(770) 817-0834
Print | Save | Directions
The First & Last Step In Printing.
AboutMinuteman Press is located at the address 2001 Lawrenceville Swnee in Suwanee, Georgia 30024. They can be contacted via phone at (770) 817-0834 for pricing, hours and directions.
Minuteman Press has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .For more information contact Tarrah Connon, Manager
Minuteman Press provides Custom Design, Trade Shows, Graphic Design to it's customers. For maps and directions to Minuteman Press view the map to the right. For reviews of Minuteman Press see below.
Business Features
PRODUCTS
- Autos , Letterheads , Awards , Trucks , Illuminated Signs , Brochures , Neon , Billboards , Flyers & Newsletters , Labels, Tags, & Stickers
SERVICES
- Business Accounts , Logo Design , Trade Shows , Digital Services , Sorting , Color Prints , Stapling , Custom Design , Print Media , Graphic Design
BRANDS
- Adobe , Sharp , Hanes , Microsoft , Quark , Kodak , Panasonic , Ricoh , Windows , Toshiba
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (770) 817-0834
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Slogan: "The First & Last Step In Printing."
Main Contact First Name: Tarrah
Main Contact Last Name: Connon
Main Contact Title: Manager
Corporate Name: Minuteman Press International, Inc.
Credit Cards: Master Card, American Express, Visa, All Major Cards Accepted
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
Service Features: High Volume
Special Hours: Same-Day Service
Specialties: Trade Shows
Year Started: 1974
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Direct Technologies Inc
600 Satellite Blvd Nw Suwanee, Georgia 30024
Twenty Days Llc
3620 Lawrenceville Suwanee Rd Suwanee, Georgia 30024
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Tarrah Connon
- MANAGER
- Phone: (678) 714-0922Anfinsen Plastic Moulding Inc
445B Treasure Dr Unit B Oswego, Illinois 60543(630) 554-4100
Print | Save | Directions
AboutAnfinsen Plastic Moulding Inc is located at the address 445B Treasure Dr Unit B in Oswego, Illinois 60543. They can be contacted via phone at (630) 554-4100 for pricing, hours and directions.
Anfinsen Plastic Moulding Inc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Anfinsen Plastic Moulding Inc view the map to the right. For reviews of Anfinsen Plastic Moulding Inc see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (630) 554-4100
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 20 To 49
Exact Employee Count: 25
Exact Sales Volume: 280-0000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsElectromobility: Comparison of Infrastructure Costs for Alternative Drives
Jülich, 11 October 2017 – Alternative drives are currently sought after, not least due to the discussion about harmful nitrogen oxides. In particular, battery- and fuel-cell-driven vehicles could represent environmentally friendly alternatives. Both technologies are market-ready but require the development of a fuelling or charging infrastructure. But what are the costs of these two infrastructures? And how high would sales figures have to be before these costs would decrease? At the “f-cell” international trade fair, scientists from Forschungszentrum Jülich have presented initial results from a study commissioned by H2 MOBILITY Deutschland GmbH & Co. KG. The study compares the concepts and costs of infrastructures for hydrogen cars and battery electric vehicles. The researchers also proposed further solutions at the EVS30 trade fair, which took place simultaneously.Angus driving directions and distance
Angus : Route planner and distance
Location of Angus
Angus is a city located in the south central
of the united states in the county of Navarro, and the state of Texas. Angus lies near cities of
, Corsicana, Oak Valley, Richland, Retreat, and Navarro. Angus is geographically situated on 32.0062671 latitude and -96.4330375 longitude.
Angus's road and location map
Angus area and zip codes
About Angus
- Country: USA
- County: Navarro
- State: Texas
- Time zone:
- Current time zone offset: UTC/GMT 0 hours
- Latitude: 32.0062671
- Longitude: -96.4330375Follow The Real Prince George’s on Facebook and Twitter. Also get the latest in your inbox by subscribing on the right side of the page.
Unconfirmed reports from the Office of House Speaker Michael Busch, backed up by key supporters of the same-sex marriage bill being debated on the floor, indicate Prince George’s County Delegate Tiffany Alston will vote to legalize marriage for same-sex couples. Alston made headlines last year after co-sponsoring the legislation only to switch her vote when she came under intense pressure from many of the large churches in her district.
Reaction to news their delegate may vote to allow same-sex marriage in Maryland has been mixed. One resident blasted Alston as being nothing more than “typical and a liar” after she was led to believe during a town hall meeting the 24th district team held earlier this year Alston would vote no. A minister at the mega-church First Baptist of Highland Park called Alston’s flip a serious mistake and reminded a group of other residents just last week that Alston had voted in committee against the bill. “We just can’t believe anything she says,” he went on to say.
With Alston’s vote in the bag, supporters are expected to have reached the number they need to pass the bill out of the House of Delegates, and send it to the Senate where it is expected to pass. Maryland Governor Martin O’Malley has pledged to sign the bill but supporters and oppentents expect it to be petitioned to the ballot in November.
Follow The Real Prince George’s on Facebook and Twitter. Also get the latest in your inbox by subscribing on the right side of the page.
Obviously, she struggled with this, as many have. In the end, she worked to preserve the right of the people to decide the question by referendum, while voting for what she thought right. In a situation where the would invariably disappoint many, she went with conscience plus democracy. That seems a fair way to go, whether or not you support gay marriage.Herb garden in a mason jar! DIY Herb Garden & Plant Markers - perfectly useful and adorable!
twenty cool DIY planters to make >>>> From basic supplies to upcycling vintage finds - these 20 DIY planters are sure to make you think outside of the box!
Very thorough info on growing a wide variety herbs Check more at…
All Categories - Winter Gardenz NZ Greenhouses
Grow your own lush wall garden with one of GroVert's stunning wooden frames. The chalkboard paint finish adds a charming touch, and makes it easy for you to label and keep track of your plants!Following the receipt of an apparently genuine e-mail from PayPal, users are asked to log in to their account and to provide their credit card information, ATM Pin included, on a fake PayPal web page.
2010 opens with a phishing surprise for PayPal users. The mechanism behind it is simple and it aims two targets in one go: PayPal account and credit card information.
First comes the fake official PayPal e-mail, which urges users to confirm their e-mail address and credit card information as part of a supposedly "innovative" means of monitoring "inactive customers" and "non- functioning e-mail boxes".
As usual, social engineering ingredients come in handy in this kind of messages. In this case, there are two elements which emphasize the urgency of the matter: a restriction and removal warning and a clear deadline, January 12.
If the reference to credit card information in this context does not ring an alarm bell, gullible users will take the second step of the furtive procedure and they will log in to their PayPal accounts. And that's a first strike, as the user name and password are typed on a fake PayPal page.
The third and final step takes users to a page where they are supposed to fill in various personal information, all in the name of standard security maintenance procedures: name, address, credit card number and the like. If the request to provide the credit card's ATM PIN, strategically placed last, does not raise any suspicion, the deal is sealed.
Once again, standard preventive measures will keep PayPal users safe from harm:
•Make sure you always activate or turn on your antiphishing or phishing filter, as well as any other security applications or suites before browsing to your e-banking account. Ideally, you should install, activate and update a reliable security solution.
•Double-check the URL of the page you are on, especially if you are required to fill in credit card information.
•Make sure that the e-banking Web site uses SSL encryption (Secure Socket Layer) and security authentication methods - look for the "https" prefix and the locked padlock. If you are requested to accept a certificate for the session, check that the name on the certificate matches the name of the institution you wish to deal with and that the certificate is signed by a known Certificate Authority such as ThawteTM or VeriSign® before accepting.
•NEVER disclose your PIN to anyone, under any circumstances.
•Avoid using a non-secured computer (like a friend's desktop or job colleague laptop). Still, if you are forced to do so, make sure you at least run BitDefender's advanced scanning on-line tool, Quick Scan, before proceeding.
•Do not check your e-banking account from public computers connected to Internet (like those in a library or Internet Café).
Wednesday, January 13, 2010This is a duplicate of item 108.14 - check for best quality.
Headingley Cricket Ground, Leeds, England.
GV. Australians in centre of field just before start of Fourth cricket Test Match England v Australia at the Headingley Cricket Ground Leeds (1st 7 ft super title). SV. Len Hutton and Bill Edrich walking out of Pavilion for England's First innings. LV. Mass crowd of thirty thousand GV. Ray Lindwall bowls to Hutton. Hutton makes stroke. CU. Hutton at wicket (library). LV. Lindwall bowling to Hutton. CU. Australian Graham Hole fielding. GV. Hutton out, starts to walk back to pavilion. Side view, mass crowd. LV. Lindwall bowling to T. G. Edrich. CU. Edrich batting, he hits. SV. Ball being fielded and returned. CU. Lindwall bowling. SV. Tom Graveney hits, zoom, pan to Boundary. CU. Edrich at wicket. LV. Edrich out. BV. Keith Miller applauds with excitement as Edrich walks away. GV. Crowd. SV. Zoom, Denis Compton as he makes stroke. He is caught off screen, zoom back as he walks to Pavilion. SV. Scoreboard 3 for 36. SV. Richie Benaud to Willie Watson, he scores round the leg. They run a single. GV. Play. CU. Graveney at wicket. SV. Graveney hits. Bowler leaps, pan to fielder picking ball up. CU. Graveney at wicket. SV. Lindwall bowling. Graveney gets, his 50 as they start to run a two. LV. Crowd. SV. Graveney finished run and acknowledges cheers. SV. Scoreboard 92 for 3. SV. Graveney walking back to Pavilion. SV. Aussies waiting on field. CU. Reg Simpson, England, and
Notts at wicket. SV. Ray Lindwall bowling. SV. Simpson walking back to pavilion. SV. Crowd. SV. Aussies round Watson. Watson starts to walk back carrying pad. SV. Crowd. SV. Godfrey Evans of Kent and England at wicket, he hits ball, sends Trevor Bailey back. Pan up to Bailey running back to wicket, he dives but is run out. Pan with Bailey as he hobbles back to the Pavilion having injured his knee.
Test Match Programmes with full team lists amongst paperwork.
(Neg.) (Title Scene "A")
Description
This is a duplicate of item 108.14 - check for best quality.
Data
- Archive
- British Pathé
- Issue Date:
- 27/07/1953
- Sound:
- Sound
- Media URN:
- 92951
- HD Format:
- Available on request
- Film ID:
- 3435.13
- Stock:
- Black & White
- Duration
- 00:02:59:00
- Time in/Out:
- 01:26:13:00 / 01:29:12:00
- Canister:
- 53/56
- Sort Number:
- 53/056
Appears in...
- Categories
- Sport & Leisure
Stills
We always welcome comments and more information about our films.
All posts are reactively checked. Libellous and abusive comments are forbidden.0 👍
/
0 👎
Grumpy old git!
Kerry
It is easier to get older than it it is to get wiser
Last edited by mungus on Fri May 19, 2017 3:56 pm; edited 4 times in total
Last edited by mungus on Fri May 19, 2017 3:54 pm; edited 1 time in total
Thanks Kerry. PM me if you like, when you know one way or the other.
img_5337.jpg66_convertible_021.j…903813_1020041755003…1967fordmustangshelb…Utah Valley University
3140 College Way Heber City, Utah 84032(801) 863-6601
Print | Save | Directions
AboutUtah Valley University is located at the address 3140 College Way in Heber City, Utah 84032. They can be contacted via phone at (801) 863-6601 for pricing, hours and directions.
Utah Valley University provides Transfers, Pedicures, Career Counseling to it's customers. For maps and directions to Utah Valley University view the map to the right. For reviews of Utah Valley University see below.
Business Features
SERVICES
- Facials , Hair Removal , Hair Cuts , Transfers , Manicures , Straightening , Counseling , Career Counseling , Pedicures , Career Planning
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (801) 863-6601
CATEGORIES:
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsAt any given moment of the day, there are about ten to fifteen programs open on my desktop. Add in the eight to ten tabs in my Google Chrome and I am no stranger to the Blue Screen of Death. I accept that as a hazard of my job. So when I was watching the following ad from Intel in “full screen mode”, I was actually getting confused (which isn’t hard for me) and thinking this was taking over my desktop. You need to see it to understand what I mean.
This great advert dubbed “The Chase” was created by independent San Fransisco agency Venables Bell & Partners and directed by London-based Smith & Foulkes. Viral material for sure and without a doubt, geared towards the techno geeks who have the attention span of a goldfish. Fast moving, flashy and fun! The ad aims to showcase the “incredible multi-tasking power” of the new Core i5 processors. Enjoy.The Woodward’s Squat was an autonomous direct action housing initiative that took place in Vancouver over 92 days in fall 2002.
The best overview of the squat is Trevor M’s comic. An analysis of the legal strategy was written by Noah Quastel. For background on the neighbourhood where the squat took place see the essay by Jeff Sommers. These pieces and other writing and documentation appear in the Woodsquat book. For more info contact Friends of the Woodward’s Squat at <jamie/at/woodsquat.net>.
Advertisements- 1
Grab all your ingredients and put them together
- 2
Start on blending the carrots until well pasteurized
Recommended For You
- 3
Add some of the orange juice as a water base
- 4
Put the carrot juice in the blender
- 5
Get your flaxseed into a grinder
- 6
Grind it until fine
- 7
Shave off the skin of the ginger
- 8
Put the ginger In your table spoons
- 9
Add the strawberries and bananas into the blender
- 10
Add the Orange juice
- 11
This is most of the ingredients
- 12
Add the ginger into the smoothie
- 13
Add the flaxseed into the smoothie
- 14
Start blending
- 15
This is the finished productOwn this business? Learn more about offering online ordering to your diners.
Fort Worth Chophouse
Chicken or shrimp
Chicken or shrimp
Mixed greens readish cucumber
Mixed greens radish cucmber asian peanut dressing
Avocado applewood smoked bacon
Sliced prime new york strip iceberg cheery tomatoes onions blue cheese
Strawberry dressing fresh strawberryies roasted almonds
Choice of caesar salad or mixed geen salad and beef and vegetable
Mushroom mashed potatoies veal demi
Mashed potatoes green beans
Corn tortillas beef tips cream sauce
Linguini pasta mushrooms braised tenderloin beef tips cream sauce
Presciutto stuffed mashed poratoes
Madeira cream sauce mushrooms blackened chicken
Asparagus vegetable medly
Jalapeno cheese grifts
Sweet chile sauce
Corn tortollas spanish rice beans
Mashed potatoes vegetable medley
Craauberry, corn and potato gallete tamato basil sauce
Corn tortillas spanish rice beans
Sliced & sesame seed crusted ahi tuna
Blue cheese crumbles
Ground tenderloin patty marble rye grilled onions cheese
And marinara sauce
Spicy ailoi sauce
With applewood bacon and roquefort
With regianno parmesano
Applewood bacon and roquefort
Abd jumbo lump crabmeat
With asparagus and mousseline potatoes
Potatoes and asparagus
Potatoes and green beans
Grits and green beans
Served with broccoli and mousseline potatoes
Served with corn risotto
And mixed vegetable
With mousseline potatoes and mixed vegtables
With mushrooms in a madeira cream sauce wild mushroom risotto
Pasta and garkuc butter sauce
With vanilla Ice cream
With seasonal berries
Coffee with bbailey's & frangelico
Coffee with tia maria & grand marnier
Coffee with bailey and tullamore dew
With regianno parmesano
With Balsamic venaigrette
With green beans and baked potao
With asparagus and mousseline potatoes
With bacon and spinach
With asparagus and mixed vegetables
With broccoli and white rice
With mushrooms and tomato sauce
San demi glace and hooladaise
With sasonal berries
Menu for Fort Worth.Ingredients
- handful coriander leaves, chopped
- 4 coriander roots & stems, washed well & chopped finely
- 1 long red chilli, seeded (optional) & chopped finely
- 4 garlic cloves, minced
- 4 tablespoons ketcap manis (an Indonesian sauce similar to a sweet soy sauce; available in supermarkets)
- 2 teaspoons lime zest
- 1 tablespoons lime juice
- 1 tablespoon vegetable oil
- 1.5kg chicken wings
- 2 cups jasmine rice
- 2/3 cup chicken stock
- 2 bunches Chinese broccoli, halved to separate stems from leaves
- 2 teaspoons sesame seeds
- chopped coriander leaves & finely chopped chilli (optional), to serve
Equipment
- Sharp knife
- Large mixing bowl
- Baking tray
- Tongs
- Large saucepan
- Wok or large frying pan
- Colander
- Serving platter
Method
To make marinade, combine coriander, chilli, garlic, ketcap manis, lime zest and juice in large bowl. Remove 1½ tbsp of marinade and set aside. Preheat oven to 220°C (200°C fan).
Add chicken and oil to bowl and toss to coat in marinade. Place on baking tray and cook for 35 minutes, or until cooked through and golden.
Meanwhile, cook rice according to packet instructions. Heat stock in wok or frying pan over high heat and cook Chinese broccoli stalks for 3 mins, tossing occasionally. Add leaves and reserved marinade and continue to cook for a further 2 to 3 minutes until vegetables are just tender.
Serve rice and vegetables sprinkled with sesame seeds. Place wings on platter and garnish with extra coriander and chilli, if desired.
You can prepare part of this meal in advance – simply marinate the chicken wings in the morning, or the day before, and pop in the fridge.Want to Sell Your Mission Viejo House Quickly? Remember the Four D’s
If you’re determined to sell your Mission Viejo or Coto de Caza home, this is for you. These are very cutting edge Orange County Real Estate Industry terms that are critical to your success as a seller in today’s market. The hardest part, by far, of getting your Mission Viejo, Rancho Santa Margarita or Coto de Caza home ready to be sold, as quickly as possible for as much as possible, is making it ready to sell. Here are the Four D’s for South Orange County Home Sellers:
1. Depilitizing – Getting rid of the piles of things around your home. Like piles of magazines in the family room, piles of laundry in the kids’ rooms, piles of books on your bedside table, and piles of dishes in the sink. Or piles of dust on your window sills, piles of cook books on your kitchen counter, or piles of Reader’s Digests next to the toilet. The piles must go.
2. Dereminderizing – Getting rid of the reminders about Doctor’s appointments, Dentist’s appointments, soccer practices, dance lesson schedule, school bell schedule, and the phone number to order pizza which are not-so-neatly stuck to your refrigerator doors with Angels Baseball Magnet Calendars from the 2005 through 2009 seasons. The reminders must go somewhere else. Try a popular calendar app on your phone or tablet, for starters!
3. Decollectablizing – If you have more than three of any related items grouped together on a surface, a wall, in a cabinet, or in any other method of display in your home, that qualifies as a collection and it must be packed away and made ready for the move.
4. Dezooatizing – The massive dog beds in the family room, living room and an upstairs bedroom along with the food and water bowls, cat litter boxes, four bedroom five story kitty condos, humongous bird cages with the pooper platter on the floor underneath and the reptile aquarium for the family iguana have to be hidden or moved to your best friend’s house. The more your house looks like an animal enclosure from the Santa Ana Zoo, the less attractive it will be to potential buyers.
Add these to your pre-listing “To Do” list. Then you can use them in the past tense and proudly report that you have depilitized, dereminderized, decollectiblized, and dezooatized your home. Congratulations!.Alexis Sanchez is one of Pep Guardiola’s primary targets this summer, but striking a deal with Arsenal is much easier said than done. The Gunners do not want to sell the 28-year-old superstar to Manchester City, but City are determined and confident of landing him, with Alexis open to a switch.
The attacker is currently away on international duty with Chile and was asked about his future. He did not sound like a man too eager to commit to Arsenal, but nor did he specifically say he wants to leave.
“The truth is that my agent will see to it. He knows and he will sit down with the club to see what is best,” Sanchez told Cooperativa.
“I would like many things, but right now I am only thinking about the national team.”
Alexis would be City’s marquee summer signing if they can convince Arsenal to sell, however it is clear that despite talk of a deal in the ‘coming days’, this one has a long way to go before we know for sure where the Chilean’s future lies.
This is an advertorial
In direct selling, a company’s success is ultimately tied to client satisfaction. A happy customer will buy again and again, remain loyal for years to come and even give referrals. All of this adds up to not just a steady line of revenue, but a growing business as well. In short, customer satisfaction is everything.
This all leads us to the question of all questions: How can we achieve all of these goals?
Every single day in business, there are many Moments of Truth; these are the key moments when consumers interact with a brand. Each interaction paints a picture of the product in a consumer’s mind. In direct sales, sales representatives play a critically important role. They actively work with consumers, thus creating and facing many Moments of Truth.
Field trainers and sales support managers are keenly aware of this. But how can these professionals support their sales forces in such a way that they create a long lasting and positive picture of the brand, set up strong bonds, consumer satisfaction and become financially successful?
The key is to provide sales reps with the powerful and dynamic tools necessary to help transform SELLING into CONSULTING. Beauty consultants have the opportunity to allow consumers to experience a Beauty Moment of Truth. It’s this special moment where a consumer learns about his or her very own beauty traits.
Beauty consultants help consumers by performing tests and then evaluating those tests together right there on the spot. Armed with this new information, beauty consultants can then recommend the product that is the best match. Ideally, consumers purchase the product that is right for their given needs, buy again in the future and are so excited that they even give referrals and discuss their positive experiences through social media. When this process unfolds, the business of beauty consultancy grows constantly.
It’s the Beauty Moment of Truth that transforms selling into consulting. The good news is that this process is not only easy, but also it benefits all involved including consumers, consultants and direct selling companies. Please click here to watch a short video to learn more.
lang: en_USSequel Stallions New York Sets 2018 Fees
Three New York leading sires will stand for $7,500 in 2018 at Becky Thomas' Sequel Stallions New York.
Three New York leading sires will stand for $7,500 in 2018 at Becky Thomas' Sequel Stallions New York.
Filly out of Golden Miss won Nov. 24 at Finger Lakes.
Sequel Stallions, an upstate New York Thoroughbred breeding farm, announced July 7 that Buster and Teri Brown will take over the management of the farm, located in Columbia County.
Freud, New York's current leading sire, gained his 50th black-type winner Aug. 26 when Fourstar Crook won the $150,000 Yaddo Stakes for New York-bred fillies and mares at Saratoga Race Course.
Sequel..
Desert Party, a grade/group winner in the United States and Dubai, was represented by his first winner as a stallion when his 2-year-old son Unlashthekraken broke his maiden in Rome, Italy, May 6..
Grade I winner Girolamo has had his first mares pronounced in foal.Best The Forest Unseen: A Year's Watch in Nature
Specification
Product Description
Winner of the 2012 National Outdoor Book Award for Natural History Literature
A biologist reveals the secret world hidden in a single square meter of forestWritten.
Preis: $16.00
productdescriptionclean
Amazon rainforest - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia The Amazon rainforest, also known in English as Amazonia or the Amazon Jungle, is a moist broadleaf forest that covers most of the Amazon Basin of South America. This ... PBS: Public Broadcasting Service Official website for PBS. PBS and our member stations are America's largest classroom, the nation's largest stage for the arts and a trusted window to the world. Gifford Pinchot National Forest - Home - U.S. Department of ... Welcome. Located in Southwest Washington State, the Gifford Pinchot National Forest encompasses 1,368,300 acres including the 110,000 acre Mount St. Helens National ... Nature Conservancy Protecting Nature, Preserving Life The Nature Conservancy protects Earth's natural resources and beauty. Our conservation efforts are driven by our members. Act Now. Missing the Medicare forest for the trees - The Maddow Blog I was reading Charles Krauthammer's column this morning, and noticed that he's adopted the Romney/Ryan talking points on Medicare -- the far-right columnist accused ... IUCN - International Union for Conservation of Nature IUCN, the International Union for Conservation of Nature, helps the world find pragmatic solutions to our most pressing environment and development challenges. IUCN ... Deforestation - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Deforestation, clearance or clearing is the removal of a forest or stand of trees where the land is thereafter converted to a non-forest use. Examples of ... Missouri's Fish, Forests and Wildlife Missouri Department of ... Serving Nature and You. MDC protects and manages Missouri's fish, forest, and wildlife resources. We also facilitate your participation in resource-management ... BBC - CBBC - Home: The Official Homepage for CBBC Welcome to the CBBC website. Here you can play free kids games, watch episodes & clips and find lots of things to do. Shows - CBC Player - CBC.ca - Canadian News Sports Entertainment ... Peter pulls at Leanne's heartstrings. Are Kylie and David finished? Fiz and Tyrone share a romantic early Christmas.Weather Resistant
Villa Terrazza Outdoor Furniture
Experience the Beauty & Ease
of Villa Terrazza’s Outdoor Furniture
with Year-Round Cushions
Stay-Dri™Open Cell Foam-Water Runs Straight Through Your Cushions
Villa Terrazza has a spectacular selection of outdoor furniture in their showroom in Sonoma
Buy Local with competitive pricing and exceptional customer service.This one uses the Secretary's Pool set from Artistic Outpost once again.
The woman is from a collage sheet from Altered Pages. titled 'Women who Lunch'. The fabulous washi tape at the bottom is from Washi Wishes.
The "typed" quote is also from a new sentiment set from Artistic Outpost.
Don't you just HAVE TO HAVE this set???
Note I get no reimbursement for sharing my glee.
I just like to recommend what makes me happy!
Go shopping & have fun!
- Posted using BlogPress from my iPhone
2 comments:
Thosde tags are just SUPER! and your right I want those stamps.
Amazing art as always,The Obstacle of Conflict:14-16
The apostle Paul was no stranger to conflict. It came looking for him almost everywhere he went! He persevered in the face of human resistance. And he didn’t let conflict derail his development of endurance. In his second letter to Timothy, he gave his son in the faith a father’s heads up.
Notice it says, “Alexander the coppersmith did me great harm” (v.14). In the waning days of his life, Paul was thinking about this guy. We don’t know which Alexander this is. I Timothy 1:20 talks about a particular Alexander whom Paul had turned over to Satan so that he might learn not to blaspheme. Here he mentions “Alexander the coppersmith.” So maybe it’s a different guy; we don’t know. But he sure had hurt Paul in his ministry. Yet notice Paul’s not taking matters into his own hands: “The Lord will repay him according to his deeds” (v.14).
In the life of every person who commits themselves wholeheartedly to Jesus Christ, people will step up and step in to oppose you. There will be conflict. Jesus said in Luke 6:26a, “Woe to you, when all people speak well of you.”If you’re standing for Christ, but it’s not producing any opposition, hardship, or struggle, then you need to check and see if you are really standing. Maybe you’re actually retreating. Paul knew what this was all about. Because of his commitment to persevere, conflict had come into his life. But he was leaving it with God.
Paul continued, “Beware of him yourself, for he strongly opposed our message”(v.15). We’ve learned over the years with people who set themselves in opposition to biblical ministry, that almost without exception when you stand up to them, they leave the church and do the very same thing somewhere else. Paul was saying, “Don’t let that happen to you. Watch your back.”
If you are experiencing conflict because of your commitment to persevere, take heart.).
Journal
· How has opposition clarified and deepened my commitment to Jesus Christ?
Prayer
Father in heaven, guide me to know the difference between living for You despite opposition and being an obnoxious person who provokes resistance. Help me to grow in Your character so that others are drawn to You even while those who reject You reject me, too. Help me not to deliberately antagonize others but to stand firmly for Your truth, for Your Word, and for the Gospel, no matter where the chips fall. In Jesus’ name, Amen.
Share thisRegular price: $17.99
Popular Publications publisher Harry Steeger and writer Robert J. Hogan had scored a hit with G-8 and His Battle Aces. Two exciting action stories complete this second Secret 6 audiobook. “Mystery Bones” and “Ice Patrol” were written by Robert J. Hogan under fictitious bylines and read by Roger Price.WHY AMERICA IS FUCKED PT. 4
WHY AMERICA IS FUCKED PT. 4
Matt HealeyFriday,9 November 2012
The Snap:
It really seems like the “Why America is Fucked” part of this series is making a real comeback. The current source of frustration is the continued devaluation of expertise. It seems like Americans are increasingly becoming actively hostile to people who actually know something. It is most obvious in politics. I was reminded of this because of the attacks on Nate Silver by the right in the closing days of the election.
The Download:
I think the main source of the devaluation can be tied to a two things that are very closely related Republicans and religion. lets start with Republicans. It is easy to say it started with the idiot McCain selected for VP. Remember, the one who could not name a newspaper she reads? I suspect it started much earlier. In the 96 election one of the metrics that was used was “Which candidate would you most want to have a beer with?” Bush was the obvious choice over Kerry. This is an idiotic metric. The reason is that I don’t want to have a beer with the President because I want a President that is so smart that I would sit there quietly and not say anything so as to not embarrass myself. But for the GOP, this is a solid metric, so idiocy rules.
The next part is religion. Clearly religion holds back scientific advancement. All you have to do is look to the arguments that the world is 5000 years old and god created the world in 6 days. That BS has been thoroughly refuted (or refudiated – for any GOP readers) last century. However, the religious are still insisting that it be taught in schools. When you combine these two forces, you end up with approximately half of the electorate who want to remain ignorant and want to be lead by the ignorant and thus the attacks on expertise continue to gain strength. The problem is that in the changing world, it is knowledge and expertise, not ignorance and superstition, that are going to carry the U.S. forward. The world is a complicated place and we need to trust experts even if we do not understand them and not attack them.
Hat Tips:
Examiner.com, Deadspin, The New York Times, Idiot America, Image Credit: Wikimedia Commons
Take Action!To the millions of people who visit Walt Disney World each year, Disney is the happiest place on earth. It is a place where children are allowed to believe that the world is full of magic and wonder, and a place where adults can rediscover their childhood dreams. Nearly 100 million people visit Walt Disney World every year, and almost 80 percent of those are first-time visitors. But that being said, there are still a large number of individuals who will never have the wonderful opportunity to visit Disney World.
This past year I was given the wonderful opportunity to bring two girls to Disney that would never otherwise have been able to go. They were your average young girls: they liked princesses and fairy tales, they spoke their minds, they loved candy and everything sweet, and they wanted to go on the most thrilling rides we could find. They talked and played and argued like sisters do, but the older one was particularly protective of her younger sister. For the oldest one, this instinct wasn’t just a natural part of being sisters. It actually served a purpose. The oldest girl was used to protecting her younger sister for a number of reasons, but most notably because their home life was not the greatest. The reason the girls had come into my life was not the happiest of reasons. My mother had become their Guardian ad Litem, which means she has been assigned by the court system to look out for them. For whatever reason, the parents of the girls were caught up in legal battles, facing time in prison, drug charges, and a whole host of issues. My mother’s job was simple: look out for the best interests of the children, and make sure they don’t fall through the cracks. So she petitioned the judge for things like new clothes for school and doctor’s visits, she gave her opinion on who the children should live with, and she established a positive and stable relationship with the girls so they would have someone to go to if needed. In their upheaval, my mother became their rock.
As my mother got to know the girls, she knew that they had been forced to grow up much faster than they should have. They were facing very adult issues, and instead of worrying about which color hair clips they should wear, they worried about the next stranger they might have to live with. It’s the kind of stuff no child should have to live with, but it’s a reality for many, many children.
There is only so much my mother can do as a GAL, but if nothing else she wanted to do something to make their lives a little better. She asked if I had any ideas, and I only had one. “Why don’t we go to Disney World?” Being a cast member, I always see Disney as the ultimate get-away from reality. It’s where I run when I have a bad day, and where I want to bring all of my friends when they come to visit. To me, Disney is one of the greatest places on earth, and it has a magical quality that allows you to forget just for a moment that there are troubles outside its borders. In the midst of their turmoil, I wanted to give the girls the opportunity to escape from the harsh realities of life and make memories that they would be able to hang onto forever. Maybe working for Disney has made me a little idealistic. The idea, however, was a complete success. At the beginning of the trip, the girls had no idea what Disney was all about, and all they wanted to know was where the biggest and fastest rides were. By the end of the day, we had engaged in a serious conversation about where Pooh actually lived on Disney property, and how much honey he ate in a given day, and whether or not Aladdin and Jasmine lived in the castle or if they flew home to Agrabah every night. On the way home, they spent the whole two hours talking about all of the wonderful things they had seen and done, and from what I’m told they proceeded to talk about it for the next few months as well. But most importantly, they asked a lot about when they would be able to come back. I told them honestly that I didn’t know, but I hoped they could come back sometime soon.
These girls are not alone in their situation. When my mother recounted the trip to the other Guardian ad Litems, they also asked if there was a way for the children they looked out for to also go to Disney. Unfortunately, as a seasonal cast member, my passes are extremely limited. But that’s when I had an idea. Being a cast member is all about creating magic and instilling happiness, but none of us can do it alone. It is the combined effort of the thousands of cast members which creates the wonderfully magical place we know and love. And so, through a combined effort, perhaps we can create just a little bit more magic. If a few cast members were willing to use one of their Maingates or a few comp tickets to bring children like them to Disney, I know it could make a world of difference. The children would of course have to be accompanied by their Guardian ad Litem, and the date of the trip would have to be arranged through individual communication between the cast member and the Guardian ad Litem. But it could work. And it could just be an awesome experience. In short, the cast member would end up being like a fairy godmother, making a child’s dreams come true. We would be fulfilling our mission as cast members: to quite simply create happiness.
To make it work, the cast member would have to accompany the Guardian ad Litem and children for at least part of the day in the parks, and be willing to act as a sort of tour guide. Cast members have the unique ability of knowing how to navigate Disney like they do their own home. They can tell you which rides are worth the wait and which rides aren’t. They can tell stories about characters and almost effortlessly slip into the themed language which characterizes many of the park areas. They possess the knowledge to tailor the experiences of the park to the particular interests of the family, especially when they are asked a hundred times a day, “What’s the best ride to go on?” Every cast member quickly learns that the “best ride to go on” is not necessarily your particular favorite, but rather the one which your family will all enjoy together, be it the thrilling Rockin’ Rollercoaster or the calming Soarin’ Over California. And so naturally, a cast member would ideally be able to provide the most magical and personal experience by volunteering their time and expertise to this kind of once-in-a-lifetime trip.
If you or a cast member you know would be interested in volunteering to give a child or two the opportunity to spend a day in Disney, then your efforts would be incredibly appreciated. You can contact Meg Devereux at mmbdevereux@gmail.com if you would like to sign up to volunteer, or simply if you would like more information.?* Information on days to ship
KOWA KASEI
[Features]
· Halogen free and environmentally friendly.
· Ideal for organizing wiring in a duct
*Unit price with basic configuration
Fixture for Ducts Duct Rivet【100 Pieces Per Package】
HELLERMANNTYTON
[Features]
• This is a rivet for securing the wiring duct (catching duct) onto the mounting plate.
• The nylon composition provides exceptional insulation properties.
• Does not require conventional screw thread cutting processes.
• Specialized tools (PRT-1) can be used to improve work efficiency.
*Unit price with basic configuration
Dedicated Nut for Connection Locking Ducts
KOWA KASEI
[Features]
・This product is useful when mounting equipment and base rails for connection locking ducts.
*Unit price with basic configuration appearance.
*Unit price with basic configuration
Please assist us in our effort to improve this site.
Please give us a feedback on the MISUMI e-Catalog.
Thank you for your cooperation.
If you wish to receive our response,please use the inquiry form.I know you have all been on pins and needles just wondering…where will they go?!? Just kidding…but to ease your curiosity, we are going to Sedona, Arizona! We found that Jackson Hole, like Maine, doesn’t really open to the public till late May. Leaving dining and activity options lacking.
Sedona, on the other hand will be around 80 degrees and full of outdoor options as well as spa’s and dining choices. We can horseback ride, hot-air balloon rides through the Grand Canyon, jeep tours and even “paddle to pints” kayak tours!
We’re still doing some research, but we’re pretty excited. I’ll be re-working our Honeyfund registry over the next week or so.
More fun news to come!!
AdvertisementsD
David + Thomas
Sonoma, California
A Sonoma Wedding in the hills between Napa and Sonoma County. David + Thomas' gorgeous California wedding was the perfect destination to capture their stunning wedding day.
Vendors
Location:Private Residence in Sonoma, California
Coordination:A Kurant Event
Photographed alongside:Barbie Hull PhotographyThe ex-the president Leonid Kravchuk considers that creation of the coalition of BYuT and Party of Regions was prevented by personal ambitions of leaders of these forces and the president Victor Yushchenko.
"Those who participated in negotiations between BYuT and PR, interests of the Ukrainian people, and own interest interested not", - he told in interview Лига.net.
"Therefore the subject was main - as the power will be divided: the president what remain with the government as will divide Cabinet of Ministers - a coma the economic block and to whom humanitarian will get what powers. Didn't divide. It is the main and main reason. That is ambitions", - were explained by him.
According to Kravchuk, "the initiator of these of all negotiations I was, naturally, Yulia Vladimirovna (Tymoshenko)". He repeated that "personal ambitions, own interests, interests of the power, interests of a chair - became above interest of an exit of Ukraine from crisis".
Kravchuk answered a question of the one who prevented creation of the wide coalition: "President Victor Yushchenko. He told that invited Yanukovych and something to him such told that Yanukovych right there refused idea of the wide coalition".
"Here that he told it - I don't know it, he didn't share. But the president, to my deep regret, constantly makes decisions which consolidations don't promote. It appears, he most of all is afraid of the wide coalition", - the president added.
Thus Kravchuk confirmed that long ago supports idea of creation of the wide coalition, "association of all constructive forces of parliament".
The president considers that the party leader of regions Victor Yanukovych made the decision on an exit from negotiations on the eve of the Trinity, "but presented all to voters so that, it seems, already everything comes to the end and suddenly - like a bolt from the blue! ".Find a League In Your Area
DCMSBL 22+
Division
Rifles 2,
Silver Spring Dodgers 0
‘Sweeger Blast Propels Rifles...Griff Seals Deal on the Bump in 'if' Game'
Submitted by Craig Burlingame, Rifles manager
Championship Day was an uphill battle for the 2017 DCMSBL 22+
Rifles. With several Rifles relocating
out of state during the season for career moves, including workhorse pitcher Spencer Brookbank, outfielder Ryan Price and infielder Luis Andrade, the Rifles
had to depend on eleven year Rifle veteran pitchers Jason Treon and Sean
'Griff' Griffin to battle the 2016 Defending Champion Silver Spring Dodgers.
This doubleheader was the finals of the three game mini-series
championship games. A few days earlier,
the Dodgers beat the Rifles in game one 9-5 to take a one game lead in the
mini-series. The Rifles had to win game
two (the first game of a Sunday Doubleheader) in order to play in the game
three "If” game.
The powerful Dodgers grabbed a 2-0 lead in the second inning. Pitching was excellent for both teams along
with super defensive plays by the Rifles third baseman Ryan Miller, shortstop Rob Bouman and first baseman Brad Bauder. In the bottom of the fourth inning the Rifles scored a run when second
baseman Scott ‘Duss’ Van Dusseldorf hit a single, was forced at second on a
fielder’s choice by left fielder Mike Verbickis, but was followed by a single
by shortstop Rob Bouman that put runners on first and second base. Third baseman Miller hit a single that
scored Verbickis to make it a 1-2 ballgame.
In the bottom of the sixth inning
Rifles right fielder Matt Murphy hit a single up the middle with two outs.
Then, Rifle center fielder, stolen base leader and leadoff hitter Aaron Sweeger hit a two-run home run to put the Rifles up 3-2. In the top of the seventh,
Rifles pitcher Jason Treon shut the Dodgers down with a combination of sidearm
fastballs and breaking balls to clinch the victory and force the "If” championship
game.
The Championship "If” game proved to be another pitcher’s
duel. Rifles pitcher Sean Griffin, who had just pitched three days earlier against the Dodgers in game
one, had complete command with a great combination of fastballs, off-speed
breaking balls, and total command of using the entire strike zone by hitting
his spots consistently.
In the top of the sixth inning, the Rifles broke the
deadlock when Scott 'Duss' Van Dusseldorf walked and Mike Verbickis hit a
single moving Duss to second base. Clean-up hitter Rob Bouman was then hit by a pitch to load the bases. Ryan Miller hit into a 6-4-3 double play, but
Duss scored making it a 1-0 ball game.
Pitcher Griffin held the Dodgers scoreless in the
bottom of the sixth. In the top of the
seventh, Rifles Designated Hitter, JT Page led off with a single and advanced
to second base on a 6-3 fielder’s choice by Brad Bauder. Jason Treon then hit a single to score JT
Page with the Rifles second run.
As it turned out, that was all the Rifles needed because
Griff continued to own the strike zone with his mixture of pitches and went 3
up and 3 down in the bottom of the seventh inning to clinch the victory and
championship for the Rifles over the powerful Silver Spring Dodgers.
Fine hitting and defense by Rifles outfielders Nick Price,
Matt Malacane and catcher Sean Plouffe contributed to the Rifles championship
weekend. Infielder Mark Deans was unable
to make the Championship games, but was a major contributor to the Rifles
success during the regular season and playoffs.
This is the Rifles third Championship in the DCMSBL since
our entry into the league in 2007.The "May the 4th Be With You" Star War Day event is here, and that means new shopping deals at Shop.LEGO.com in the US. First off, from May 4th - 7th, you can get an exclusive R2-D2 model with a $50+ purchase. Second, VIP members will recieve double points on all Star Wars purchases. Third, select Star Wars sets are on sale, with a bunch appearing to be 20% off. Finally, the Ultimate Collectors Series Snowspeeder is available. If you want some of these sets from a galaxy far, far away, you should take advantage before these deals are a long time ago.
View the full article
2017's May the 4th Star Wars Sale
Started by Hapori Tohu , May 04 2017 12:18 AM
No replies to this topic
0 user(s) are browsing this forum
0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous usersAll Results for Barlev
527 matches in 120 collections
Birth, Marriage and Death(47) see all
- California Birth Index (15)
- Testamenta Cantiana: A series of extracts from fifteenth and sixteenth century wills relating to church building and topography (10)
- U.S. Social Security Death Index (8)
- Incidents From the Farm Account Books of James Beard Crutcher, 1857 - 1893 (2)
- England & Wales Deaths, GRO Indexes, 1969 - 2007 (2)
- More...
Census and Voter Lists(12) see all
Military Records(4) see all
- United States, World War II Army Enlistment Records, 1938-1946 (1)
- World War II Army Enlistment (1)
- History of the 31st Battalion C.E.F., November 1914 - June 1919 (1)
- Register of Retired Commissioned and Warrant Officers, Regular and Reserve, of the United States Navy and Marine Corps, July 1 1962 (1)
Newspapers and Periodicals(26) see all
- Friend: a Religious And Literary Journal, Volume 45, August 1871 (5)
- Friend: a Religious And Literary Journal, Volume 46, August 1872 (5)
- Friend: a Religious And Literary Journal, Volume 49, August 1875 (2)
- Herts Genealogist And Antiquary, Volume 1 (1895) (2)
- Friend: a Religious And Literary Journal, Volume 44, August 1870 (2)
- More...
Yearbooks(6) see all
Historical Maps and Gazetteers(4) see all
Family History and Biography(9) see all
Local and General History(37) see all
- Sixteenth Annual Report of the Commissioner of Statistics of the State of Michigan, 1884 (3)
- History of San Bernardino And Riverside Counties, Volume 1 (3)
- History of Orange County, California (2)
- Nelson's Biographical Dictionary And Historical Reference Book of Erie County, Pennsylvania (2)
- Historical Collections of Ohio in Two Volumes, an Encyclopedia of the State, Volume 2 (1907) (2)
- More...
Directories(370) see all
Government Records(2) see all
Court and Probate Records(2) see all
Miscellaneous(8) see all
- Lovell's Gazetteer of British North America (1)
- History of Hardwick, Massachusetts: With a Genealogical Register (1)
- The Life and Voyages of Americus Vespucius (1)
- The Comprehensive Gazetteer of England and Wales, Volume 2 (1)
- A Historical and Biographical Record of the Territory of Arizona (1)
- More...
Book Results
Searching...
Search Again
Try this: With soundex on the surnameRagwort Poisoning
Ragwort Poisoning; information on prevention and treatment from XLEquine
Ragwort is a very common plant with yellow flowers. It is often seen growing on rough land and on the roadside verges. It can also be found on pasture, particularly on overgrazed and ‘starvation’ paddocks.
When it is growing it is unpalatable to horses, but when wilted or dried in hay it loses its bitter taste and will readily be eaten but unfortunately retains its toxic properties.
The toxins in ragwort damage the liver; signs are often only seen months or years after the plants were eaten.
The liver is able to continue to function normally until at least half of it is damaged; this means that damage is often advanced before signs are seen.
CLINICAL SIGNS OF RAGWORT POISONING
Toxicity can be caused by low levels over a long period of time and there can be a delay of months or years from exposure to ragwort before the signs develop.
The signs of liver damage are varied and are often non-specific but include:
- jaundice (yellow discolouration of the gums and eyes);
- depression weight loss and poor appetite;
- low-grade colic and/or diarrhoea;
- oedema (fluid retention in the legs and under the belly);
- photosensitisation (the pink areas of the skin can become red and blistered with normal levels of light);
- behavioural signs such as disorientation, circling, repeated yawning and pressing the head against the wall;
- increased thirst;
- bleeding disorders.
Many of these signs are caused by the liver’s failure to detoxify the natural by-products of digestion and metabolism.
DIAGNOSIS OF RAGWORT POISONING
- Blood samples can show indicators of liver damage and reduced liver function.
- Diagnosis can be confirmed with an ultrasound scan and liver biopsy
KEY POINTS:
- prevention is far better than cure; toxin accumulates after low-level ingestion over months or years;
- plant usually unpalatable but palatability increases when cut or dried;
- either spray or pull up and burn all ragwort on pasture;
- purchase hay/haylage from reliable sources.
TREATMENT OF RAGWORT POISONING
- There is no specific treatment or antidote that will cure the disease or reverse the damage to the liver.
- Treatment is aimed at minimising the work of the liver and supportive therapy.
- The patient may respond to treatment if diagnosed early.
- The diet can be altered to contain low but adequate levels of good quality easily digestible protein to prevent the overproduction of ammonia.
- A good diet for most cases is a combination of two parts sugar beet to one part maize or barley fed in six small meals daily plus adlib grass or hay.
- Dietary vitamin supplementation can help to support the liver but care must be taken because high levels of iron, vitamin A, niacin, valerian and comfrey can all further damage the liver.
- Milk thistle has been shown to support liver function.
PREVENTION OF RAGWORT POISONING
- Ragwort should be removed from pasture prior to seeding to prevent the spread of the plants.
- Plants are best dug out, or levered out using a specially designed fork and removed and burned.
- The toxins can be absorbed through human skin so gloves must be worn whenever handing the plants
- Broad leaf herbicides can be used but avoid making hay for one month after use to allow plant to die fully.
- Make every attempt to ensure that the source of hay or haylage used does not contain ragwort.
- Grazing with sheep may help as they are less susceptible and will graze off the young shoots in spring.
- Good grassland management can help.
- Routine blood screens can provide an early warning of disease.
For further information contact your local XLEquine veterinary practice visit
Be the first to comment on "Ragwort Poisoning"mod_gnutls uses the GnuTLS library to provide SSL 3.0 and TLS 1.x protocols to Apache. In addition to the standard X.509 certificate authentication, it provides support for password authentication with SRP and OpenPGP key authentication.
We.The Human Rights Council’s Performance in 2006
Thanks, Peggy, for the welcome. UN Watch is glad to have the opportunity to participate in the always interesting discussions at Opinio Juris, and we will be posting updates on the Council over the next three weeks. But first, I’d like to provide some background on the Council and its performance in its three regular sessions and four special sessions to date.
As many of you will know from the media coverage, including the New York Times story that Julian posted earlier, the new Council has disappointed human rights advocates. Its members are supposed to be elected based on their human rights records and commitments, yet the first Council still includes some persistent violators, including four of Freedom House’s “Worst of the Worst” human rights abusing regimes. It is supposed to objectively and non-selectively promote and protect human rights worldwide, yet it has cited only one country in the entire world for human rights violations: Israel, and not just once, but eight times. It also seems to be moving in the direction of eroding the UN’s independent human rights mechanisms, not strengthening them.
Julian raised the question of whether the Council’s failings are the result not of political machinations by the “bad” countries, but of a lack of international consensus on the universality of human rights norms. From here in Geneva, it looks like a combination of both—and the Council’s structure and dynamics have allowed the “bad” countries to use the lack of consensus to their political advantage.
The Council’s founding resolution says its members should be chosen based on their human rights credentials, but it also imposes a significant structural constraint: The body’s 47 seats are divided by a set formula among the UN’s five regional groups, with 13 for the African Group, 13 for the Asian Group, 6 for the Eastern European Group, 8 for the Latin American and Caribbean Group, and 7 for the Western European and Others Group (“WEOG”). Regional allotment was also the practice in the Commission, but a re-distribution of seats reduced the representation of WEOG, which includes proportionally more democracies, and increased the representation of other groups and alliances.
As a result, only 25 of the 47 Council members, a slight majority of 53%, are Free democracies under Freedom House’s standards. Nine of its members, or 19%, are Not Free countries according to Freedom House: Algeria, Azerbaijan, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Pakistan, the Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, and Tunisia. Four of these nine—China, Cuba, Russia, and Saudi Arabia, all of whom are among the Council’s most vocal and active members—rank among Freedom House’s “Worst of the Worst.” All four received well over the 96-vote threshold in the General Assembly that was supposed to prevent violators from winning membership.
The Non-Aligned Movement (“NAM”), a political alliance of developing countries that includes many repressive regimes and is currently led by Cuba, holds 57.5% of the Council seats. The Organization of the Islamic Conference (“OIC”), an alliance of Muslim countries led in the Council by Pakistan, holds 36%, or 17 seats. This is significant because one-third of the Council, or 16 members, can convene special sessions—which the OIC did three times in the Council’s first five months, all to examine Israel. OIC countries also dominate, and as a result chair, both the African and Asian Groups that together make up the Council’s majority. In all three respects—percentage of total membership, percentage of the African Group, and percentage of the Asian Group—the OIC wields more power in the Council than it does in the UN General Assembly. And thus far, the OIC has used its strength in the Council to obtain repeated condemnations of Israel while blocking accountability for Sudan or examination of anyone else.
Moreover, although they do have a slight numerical majority, the Council’s Free democracies are split. An informal “democratic alliance” of Canada, the 10 European democracies, and sometimes Japan and South Korea, generally have voted together to support positive initiatives and oppose counterproductive measures. The Council’s other Asian and its African and Latin American democracies, however, usually have sided with the non-democracies out of regional group and other bloc solidarity.
As a result, in 2006 the OIC pushed through eight resolutions condemning Israel for human rights violations without addressing other parties’ violations. The democratic alliance did press for Council action, including a special session, on the situation in Darfur—but to gain the support of the Islamic, African and Asian groups, the democracies had to settle for two soft resolutions that not only do not condemn Khartoum for violations, they actually commend it for its “cooperation.” (In the second resolution, the Council did create a team to visit and assess the situation in Darfur, but Sudan has now reneged on its agreement to admit the monitors.) The Council has not yet dealt with any other human rights situations in specific countries.
Although the old Commission used to pass multiple resolutions against Israel each year, it also usually adopted resolutions addressing four or five of the world’s worst abuser countries. The U.S., or sometimes EU members, typically initiated these actions, but the U.S. is not a Council member and, aside from the Darfur situation, the EU has been unwilling to bring country-specific resolutions in the Council’s first year. The EU says that this is a necessary trade-off to win the other groups’ support in creating the Council’s mechanisms, such as the universal periodic review—but it also was often reticent to pursue politically sensitive matters at the Commission.
These dynamics appear likely to continue at the current session. The U.S. wants the Council to focus on Burma, but the EU is reluctant to expend energy on a controversial resolution while negotiating the institutional reforms. The EU also reportedly is not keen to pursue a text on the human rights situation in Sri Lanka that it had proposed at a prior session but then postponed. Meanwhile, the OIC is readying four more resolutions against Israel. If passed, as they almost certainly will be, this will bring the total number of Council resolutions against Israel to 12.
One Response
Trackbacks and Pingbacks
- There are no trackbacks or pingbacks associated with this post at this time.
The first right of all human rights is the right to live. Yet in China, 1.7 million girls go “missing” each year. Hundreds of thousands of them are killed outright or are victims of abandonment and fatal neglect both by their families and by the state.
On March 5th, 2007, I presented this issue at the UN Conference on the Status of Women. Gendercide–the singling out of baby girls for death–should be on the agenda of every human rights group.
Imagine a family leaving a newborn–or a 3 year old–out in the street, in the field or by a river to die! Imagine a state-run rat-infested institution in which babies are fed diluted rice water and have no heat or medical care and you begin to grasp the horror.
The subject comes out in the media in context of the over 40 million bachelors currently unable to find brides. But the other side of it–infanticide, abandonment and fatal neglect–are rarely mentioned. They are confirmed in the just-released U.S. State Department report.
What is also missing from the radar screen is that the vacuum in marriageable women increases sex crimes in the form of rape, kidnapping, trafficking and sexual slavery in the guise of marriage.
You can educate yourself more by reading the material on my website at (and by reading my book). The upcoming 2008 Olympics in Beijing provides us the opportunity to pressure the government of the People’s Republic of China.
Talia Carner
Author, CHINA DOLL
at 8:19 am EST Talia CarnerModel Analysis of Plane Structures
1st Edition
The Commonwealth and International Library: Structures and Solid Body Mechanics Division
Description
Model Analysis of Plane Structures deals with simple techniques of analysis plane structures with the aid of scale models. Model analysis of the kind considered herein is a means of replacing the numerical work of formal structural analysis by mechanical operations. It utilizes the same assumptions as formal analysis and offers nothing more in the end-product, but the user gains unique insight into structural behavior. The book begins with a discussion of early approaches to systematic model analysis and the limitations and accuracy of model analysis. This is followed by separate chapters on the approach to flexural similarity, which consists essentially of determining directly the conditions for the properties of deformation of two geometrically similar structures to be similar; the theory of indirect model analysis; and models of frame networks. The final two chapters deal with the use of models for indirect analysis and direct analysis, respectively; these conclude with sample problems to enable readers to test their understanding of the subject matter.
Table of Contents
Preface
1. Introduction to Model Analysis
Early Approaches to Systematic Model Analysis
Beggs's Apparatus
Gottschalk's Apparatus - "The Continostat"
Rieckhof's Apparatus - "The Nupubest"
Limitations and Accuracy of Model Analysis
2. Similarity of Structures
General Expression for the Deflection of a Structure
Conditions for Flexural Similarity
Theory of Dimensions and Similarity
Dimensional Analysis of Beam Flexure: Flexural Similarity
Relationships Between Model and Prototype Quantities
3. Theory of Model Analysis
Influence Lines for Forces: Müller-Breslau's Principle
Justification of Müller-Breslau's Principle
The Reciprocal Theorem and Müller-Breslau's Principle
Betti's Theorem
Müller-Breslau's Principle by the Concept of Flexibility Coefficients
Müller-Breslau's Principle by Direct Application of Betti's Theorem
Influence Lines for Deflection
Members in Bending and Treatment of Loading in Relation to Model Analysis
Slope-Deflection Relationships
Treatment of Loads on Beams in Structures
4. Models of Plane Frameworks
Nature of Models
General Design of Models
Design of Models of Portal Frames
Design of Models of Trusses
Model Materials
Xylonite-celluloid, Bakelite and Perspex
Metal
Cardboard
Manufacture of Models
Mounting of Models
Introduction of Displacements at Supports
Introduction of Internal Displacements
Design of Internal Joints and Flexible Elements
Typical Models of Rigidly Jointed Frameworks
Power Station Building Frame
Vierendeel Girder
5. Use of Models for Indirect Analysis
Influence Lines for Reactions
Internal Forces and Moments
Treatment of Distributed Loads
The Large Displacement Technique
Checking of Model Results
Examples of Calculations Relating to Model Tests
Problems
6. Use of Models for Direct Analysis
Interpretation of Compensating Balance Readings—The Concept of the "Prototype Balance"
Influence Lines for Deflection
The Moment Indicator for Portal Frames
Interpretation of Moment Indicator Results for the Prototype
The Moment Deformeter
Coker's Method for Direct Measurement of Model Strains
Problems
Appendix I
Bibliography
Appendix II
The Principle of Virtual Work Applied to Frameworks
Appendix III
Verification of Analysis of Portal Frameworks
Details
- No. of pages:
- 122
- Language:
- © Pergamon 1966
- Published:
- 1st January 1966
- Imprint:
- Pergamon
- eBook ISBN:
- 9781483138114Ten years ago Grant's mom had me come photograph her family of dogs and high school boys. Now one of those boys is getting married! (And she has more dogs than ever)!
Here are Grant and Alexis, two quiet, kind, and cuddly (at least with each other) people who are getting ready to tie the knot! We walked around the tree-drenched streets of their childhood while they held tight to one another.Print | Save | Directions
AboutAclpi is located at the address 202 E Mcdowell Rd in Phoenix, Arizona 85004.
For more information go to aclpi.org
For maps and directions to Aclpi view the map to the right. For reviews of Aclpi see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Saint Pamela G Attorney
846 N 6th Ave Phoenix, Arizona 85003
FERRAGUT ASSOCIATES
2 N Central Ave 725 Ste Phoenix, Arizona 85004
Schultz Christopher M Attorney
2901 N Central Ave Phoenix, Arizona 85012
Allen & Tunac
3300 N Central Ave 650 Ste Phoenix, Arizona 85012
Dui Defense Centers
211 W Monroe St Phoenix, Arizona 85003
Hintze Gregory C Attorney
2633 E Pierson St Phoenix, Arizona 85016
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsMacabre Monday
Tonight has been another horrendous night. If that weren’t bad enough, September 16 will always be one of the worst days of the year for me. I’ll worry about tomorrow when it comes, but believe me, I will explain it all.
It all went horribly wrong just after 5 when Brittany Davidson showed up. Instead of a warm greeting like i usually have for her, I was more worried hat Lisa Toebben didn’t work yesterday, fearing that she took yesterday off knowing I would be there so she could avoid me. Brittany tried telling me that was not the case, but I didn’t believe her. I still thought it was all about Lisa not wanting to see me.
I then blew up. I thought Brittany wanted nothing to do with me. Liz had to take me outside and calm me down, but it didn’t work, because then I took my frustrations to Facebook and posted something about how I thought people in the small towns in Kansas were didn’t like me and didn’t want me there.
That was a very bad idea. Someone from one of the towns–I won’t say where–got very upset and threatened to cancel her subscription to the paper in her town because of me. I immediately knew I was dead wrong, and I deleted what I had posted, but the damage was done. And now I’m being threatened with having to give up Facebook, which would make me even more isolated than I am right now, which is pretty bad.
I tried to make myself feel better by going to get pretzels at QuikTrip for Brittany, Liz and Jaclyn Blankenship. They were all very, very grateful.
I have a lot of work to do, and then drive back west. Yikes. My life sucks right now.
Posted on September 15, 2014, in Personal and tagged Brittany Davidson, Buffalo Wild Wings, Elizabeth Psenski, Lisa Toebben. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment.Capital Workforce Partners hosts very successful Summer Youth Employment breakfast!
On Wednesday, February 20th Capital Workforce Partners in conjunction with the City of New Britain & Greater New Britain Chamber of Commerce: New Britain, Berlin hosted a special Summer Youth Employment Breakfast at the New Britain-Berlin YMCA. The event, with more than 50 individuals/employers in attendance, featured a short film and various speakers.
Mayor Timothy O’Brien, Superintendent Kelt Cooper, New Britain High School Principal Michael Foran, Tom Phillips, President of Capital Workforce Partners & Gerry Berthiaume of Capital Workforce Partners spoke on behalf of the program, it’s positive effect on the community’s youth and the need for it to continue.
Perhaps one of the most touching moments of the morning was a brief speech given by Kael, a young New Britain resident, who was accepted into the Summer Youth Employment program just a year ago. It was through this program that he began working for the well known grocery store chain Stew Leonard’s.
He thanked Capital Workforce Partners and the Summer Youth Program for his achievements today. “I’ve become a working machine. I have a purpose” Kael said. Kael is now looking to enroll back into college and has also begun participating in programs at the Opportunities Industrialization Center of New Britain.
“And that is why we do this” stated Gerry Berthiaume.
If you are interested in becoming a Summer Youth Employer, there is still time to register! For more information, please contact Gerry Berthiaume, Future Workforce Coordinator at 860.229.1665 extension 213 or email gerry@newbritainchamber.com.Good news for Apple Watch fans as new rumors started to roam around the web and tells us that the third generation of smartwatches form Cupertino will be launched in the second half of this year.
According to sources from the upstream supply chain, cited by Taiwanese media, Compal Electronics has reportedly entered the supply chain of Apple Watch and will begin shipping products in the second half of 2017.
That means that Apple Watch 3 might be unveiled in September, alongside the new iPhone 7s, 7s Plus and the anniversary iPhone 8/X/Pro, just like previous rumors suggested.
Also, we find that the maker of Watch 3 will be Quanta, the Taiwanese company being the sole maker of the current Watch 2 models.A light tap on her shoulder and a blowing in her ear brought Tessa back to reality. It was Joelle Robbins, her smooth customer of a roommate.
Tessa liked to think of her as her sidekick in times of desperation. Really, she was her savior, and today was no exception.
“What’s this?” Joelle grabbed the eye cream kit out of her hands. “Are you getting this? Because it’s kind of expensive.”
Tessa put it back on the shelf without a second look. “Not today.”
Without realizing it, she followed Joelle around the store like an honest page girl. Sultrix was Joelle’s castle, at least when Bianca, their boss, wasn’t around, which happened to be often. Bianca spent countless hours in the back poised over her computer. There was talk that she had reviewed sex toys and had an accompanying blog established for this purpose, but gossip was par at Sultrix, expected even.
Joelle had a habit of looking over her shoulder even when it was a known fact that Bianca was not on the premises and gave the impression that she might break a rule at any given moment although she never did. What came out of her mouth could be unpredictable, but her actions, Tessa could count on.
“Where have you been?” Joelle’s eyes blinked and she shook her head. Ever so gently, Joelle pushed Tessa toward the corner of the store to a chair surrounded by shades of hot pink and silver.
Joelle had ten minutes to whip Tessa into shape, patting the chair for her to sit. She sighed.
“Tessa is a messa.” Tessa usually laughed with her. Today, her head pounded in agreement. “I was worried sick all night. One minute you were there and then poof. Tessa. Gone.”
This was Tessa’s cue for a lengthy explanation to satisfy Joelle’s undying curiosity. Joelle turned away for supplies, hemming and hawing, followed by grunting as she pulled the snarls out of her hair. Tessa would have preferred Joelle to ramble about her relationship with her body, Joelle’s usual discourse when Tessa’s silence claimed too much presence. “My body is so mad at me today,” she’d say. Or, “These aches are relentless. My neck. My body must despise my posture. My body hates me.”
This morning, it was Joelle who was speechless. Taking the spiky, round brush, Joelle tugged at the hair at the base of her neck, which provided nothing but pauses to accentuate disgust and even stronger pulling, her hair stuck in the brush like clods of dirt.
“Did you even shower this morning?” Usually, they were all too aware of each other’s comings and goings.
“Splashed water on my face.” Tessa knew that was better than nothing.
“Where did you sleep? Hmm? The jungle?” Joelle asked.
“Not exactly,” Tessa replied. “It was dark.”
“Jungles are dark,” Joelle said.
“There were windows.” Dirty windows, but art on the walls. Canvases splashed with blues and reds.
“Where? Where did you go? You left me there all alone. Why did you leave me?” Joelle gathered foundation, brushes, and sponges, as all her questions went unanswered.
Tessa recalled the light that filtered through a broken blind, and the space around her felt enormous, as if she laid in the body of a whale, only there was the smell of coffee. Dark roast. Oh, how she had wanted a cup of coffee, and none was offered. When Tessa woke she had guessed she was adrift in a warehouse. She was correct. But the “guy” was nowhere. Tessa’s question wasn’t “Where?” It was “Who?”
Joelle scowled and busied herself, looking for a spray bottle. She found it and set it down, fumbling. She eyed the clock. Only seven minutes remained to whip Tessa into a presentable Sultrix employee.
“Tessa, such a messa.”
She swung around to face Tessa and the folds of her black skirt swayed with her soft, maternal hips. Joelle exuded heat, her tresses of red hair, her voice, full and soothing, and her body temperature set to warm. She paused long enough for Tessa to absorb the cushion of her breasts in her face, if only for an instant. A spicy scent lingered. They were close like that. Tessa clung to her, wanting more than anything to reach out, hold her. I fucked up, she wanted to admit. As Joelle held Tessa’s chin in her hand, Tessa thought she saw torches in her roomie’s eyes, or perhaps it was her shade of eye shadow. She was such an expert.
Joelle dabbed foundation on the left side of her face only. It was a little game she enjoyed to showcase the “before” and “after” effects of her work. On one side, she used all of the beauty aids, the makeup, the blusher, the lip pencil, all on just on one side of her face. The other side of her face would be bare and naked to demonstrate the “before” face. Her little game created a kind of macabre mask, with neither side netting the result that Tessa wanted. With one side untouched, she felt half-dressed. Tessa wanted to argue they had no time for this but lacked the energy to argue with Joelle’s methods.
“Did you or didn’t you?” Joelle asked.
“I woke up naked.” Tessa closed her eyes as Joelle dusted powder on her face. “Are you happy with that answer? Is that what you wanted to hear?” Tessa kept her eyes closed, fearing an onslaught of judgments.
Instead, she got silence, and then more sighing, and then more prepping and dusting of her face.
“I don’t know, okay,” Tessa said.
“What do you mean you don’t know? Oh, Tessa.” And there it was, her disapproval showing through. All traces of tenderness left the building. Joelle would be a strict mother someday, Tessa thought.
“Oh hurry, Joelle,” Tessa said. “Bianca just looked at me.” One mention of their boss could propel Joelle into hysterics. Not this time.
“At least I know who I’ve slept with,” Joelle said, slapping generous amounts of foundation on her chin, time no longer relevant. Joelle seemed lost in some memory. “You could have got yourself killed.”
Tessa stared at herself in the mirror, wide-eyed; her face appeared lopsided. The made-up side was heavily polished in a gaudy presentation of product; the other, worn and gray. Neither side won. No amount of product could save her and she felt defeated.
“Look at me, Joelle. Do I really look ready?” Tessa shook her head at her.
Scanning the room for Bianca, Tessa was stunned to see a customer of the male persuasion, wearing sunglasses and a baseball cap. A man in Sultrix appeared like a lost lamb or a dragged corpse in this estrogen-heavy playground, and a rare event. Two more steps in her direction, and he became familiar.
“Oh my God, it’s him,” she tugged at Joelle’s sleeve. “Oh, God. Finish me. Quick.” Tessa fanned her face frantically.
“What?” Joelle’s method of applying makeup was shattered. In her opinion, makeup was not something you rushed. Rushing the makeup was time wasted and only welcomed a looming disaster, but she could have never anticipated Tessa dropping to the ground in a crouched position.
“What is wrong with you?” Joelle said.
“That is him. Him. The guy,” she looked up at her, whispering.
“What guy?” She turned back around and eyed the guy in the cap like she’d never seen a man in her life. “Him?”
“Do you see another guy around?” Tessa asked.
“From last night?” She looked down at Tessa curled in the fetal position.
“Yes. That’s the guy…from last night,” Tessa latched on to her ankles.
“C’mon, Tess. Get up. Get up.” Joelle tried to kick her off her ankles, but Tessa’s grip proved fierce. “Well, that solves that problem. Of course you didn’t sleep with him. He wouldn’t be here if you did. Right?”
Joelle took off her black jacket and threw it on top of Tessa.
photo credit: JD Hancock via photopin cc
45 thoughts on “Tessa is a Messa”
Hmm, she may have slept with him, but it may not have been consensual. Then again, he probably wouldn’t seek her out if that was the case. Or maybe he’s planning on blackmailing her. Guess I’ll have to wait to find out…
It could be anyone of those things, Carrie. I’m glad the story brought up all of these possibilities! Thanks for your comments.
Wait – is that it?
After Fedora Guy, it’s hard to say if they slept together. Maybe baseball cap is caught up in the same mystery Tessa is.
Guapo, I think you’re on to something here.
I’m not guessing… wondering around in my head is so much more fun that centring on any possibility. You’ve definitely got me hooked. I need to know what happens now, who this guy is, and what happened.
Love the relationship between these two, by the way, feels very natural. Only suggestion is that “pregnant pauses” is a common term that I don’t think is worthy of the rest of this. Basically, I hate that term, but that’s just me.
Oh, so cool to hear you say that, Trent! This piece is supposed to be fun! When no one is commenting, I’m wondering if I’ve completely failed. So, thank you so much for your feedback. I think my readers think this is autobiographical. I can assure you it is not!
I agree. I’m scrapping “pregnant pauses.” I don’t like it either. Yikes, how did it get in there?! Really, I’m not sure I like hemming and hawing either. Anyway, I will look at that again. Thanks so much for your comments! I appreciate it.
Well now, this is getting interesting. The man certainly likes his hats. Lol…. I think he is something that is not, quite, well never mind, I will keep that to myself. Can’t wait for more!
Hmm…now I wonder what you’re thinking. This guy is not the fedora man. He’s yet another guy, the baseball cap guy. Ha ha! Thanks so much, Jackie!
well darn it! I got confused, which is easy for me nowadays, I remember now. I think they are both up to no good lol
Ha ha. You’re probably right!
this really drew me in! Beautiful writing, my dear friend! Keep it up!
Oh, thank you, Ixchel! Thanks for stopping by. I love that encouragement.
Is it really bad that this scene with the two girls brings back (admittedly blurry) fond memories? I love these girls.
I think there is much more to the fellow in the baseball cap and I don’t think they slept together…yet. My guess is he is only there to warn/protect her from some crazy evil plot. You are good at those crazy evil plots so I am counting on it.
Michelle, I love that you love these girls!! No, it’s not bad at all that it brings back fond memories. That makes my heart flutter.
Hmm..well, I don’t want to spoil it for you. You’re warm. I’ll say that! As for an evil plot, I’ll have to think of something juicy just for you, Michelle!
Dear Amy, Really good dialogue and the descriptions are perfect. I want to look into Mr. Man’s eyes and see If he really did sleep with Tessa, the messa. Maybe she did sleep with the mysterious man. Well written and very good characters! Nan 🙂
I love your comments, Nan. Perhaps, Tessa should look into his eyes, too. Hmm…Thanks so much! It’s a pleasure to have you here for a non FF story. Hee hee. 🙂
Hard to predict. We need more… Seems Tessa may have had a Roofie or something, because there are too many gaps. Maybe she remembers this guy from some other part of the evening? Can’t wait to find out. 😉
Just catching up on all the posts I missed… traveling, falling, burning and curling up in a fetal position. There are 654 messages in my WP box! This was a nice way to slip away, fictionally speaking. Nice job, Amy!
A roofie. Yes, Dawn. That has occurred me, but from whom? This guy will be revealed soon. 🙂
Oh, I bet! Oh, you poor thing. You sound in good spirits though. I’m not surprised you have so many messages. People are concerned. That’s quite an adventure you had, miss. I hope you are feeling better. Thanks for taking the time to read my stories. I appreciate that so much!
I try very hard to read each post, from the blogs I follow… that said, when I go out of town and don’t have wifi, and then the proverbial shit hits a big ole fan… it’s hard to catch up! I always enjoy seeing what you’ve written, Amy. 😀
Thank you kindly, Dawn. I try to read as much as I can, too. Not always easy. You have a really good excuse though knowing what you have been through. I hope you can get some rest. 🙂
Thanks darlin’… I try. We all do our best, right? 😉
Sometimes less is always more, but in
this instance I think that we need clarity 😉
Lovely writing my dear friend…
Andro xxxx
Just as soon as Tessa figures it out. 🙂 Ha ha.
Thanks so much.
Amy xoxo
Lost! Waiting to see what’s next, haha.
Oh no! Is there anything I can clear up? You just let me know. Thanks.
From the first installment, I thought Tessa had a roofie, and if that’s the case, she didn’t voluntarily sleep with him, but it’s your job to tell us who, what, where, when and why. Joelle makes me think of Joan in Man Men, but is she supposed to be closer to Tessa’s age? And finally, all this story of cosmetics and body care products reminds me that I have to visit Kiehl’s to replenish my shampoo.
Thanks for reading all my stories. The specifics will be revealed to you. I ask questions because I just want to get a sense of what people think. A few have suggested she had a roofie. Joelle is close in age to Tessa. I don’t know Mad Men, unfortunately. That’s just yet another show I’d like to watch! This is my first draft, so I will probably ease up on the products in another draft. Thanks for much for your comments. You won’t be going to….what was that store in FP’d post? The one that is all over NYC? Ha ha!!
Duane Reade. Not exactly in league with the upscale workplace you’re writing about. To put it further in perspective I’ve shopped there for light bulbs and emergency socks.
Curiouser and curiouser, Amy. It certainly feels like the morning after the night before! Random memories appear out of the fog showing anybody could be anybody… need to know more!
Imagine what Tessa must be feeling. Oh, poor Tessa. How can I help her? Oh, I guess I can give her some answers now. Thanks, Tom! Thanks so much for reading.
In all honesty I don’t have a clue Amy! I suspect that there is some kind of intoxicated dream going on but can’t be sure – put more out so i can figure out what is going on! Love it (and it has the writiing is wonderfully sparse and edgey).
Thank you, Jim! I’m still fussing with the plot. Thanks for your encouragement. It means so much!
Sounds like the battle for Tessa’s soul may be on…
Something is definitely not right, Jon. Nice to see you.
Once again, intriguing. I love how fully realized Joelle is. And the bits of verbal wit thrown in without obstructing the story. Moving to the next!
Thanks, GG! I really appreciate your comments. I think Joelle has a strong presence. Wow, thanks for wanting to read.
LikeLiked by 1 person
It’s really my pleasure!
LikeLiked by 1 personThis post was originally published on my old blog, From Honolulu to Eternity, on Sunday August 12, 2012
After almost a month of crochet madness, I was able to see the fruits of my labor enjoyed (or at least tolerated) by the little girls they were intended for.
This is my first freestyle crochet project and I really love the way they morphed into art by the end.
And now I think I’ll go get some much needed rest.
**I created the pattern for the Rapunzel wigs but the crowns were adapted from these fabulous hooking ladies:
Princess Tiara Large Princess Tiara Toddler Princess Crown
Thank you for making your patterns free to the public.
AdvertisementsHotel G San Francisco, San Francisco
- Free WiFi
Main amenities
- 153 smoke-free guestrooms
- WiFi in the lobby
- Bar/lounge
- Fitness center
- Valet parking
- Air conditioning
- Daily housekeeping
- Laundry service
- Meeting room
- Multilingual staff
- Tour/ticket assistance
- Free WiFi
For families
- Free cribs/infant beds
- Connecting/adjoining rooms available
- Private bathroom
- Daily housekeeping
- Laundry facilities
- Iron/ironing board
What’s around
-)
- AT&T Park (26-minute walk)
- Exploratorium (28-minute walk)
- Coit Tower (30-minute walk)
Hotel G San Francisco, San Francisco
Hotel Info: 866-539-8117
- Deluxe Room, 1 Queen Bed
- Deluxe Room, 1 King Bed
- Great King
- Studio Suite, 1 King Bed
- Room (Selected at Check-In) *
- Free
- Free WiFi
- Phone
- Daily housekeeping
- In-room safe (laptop compatible)
- Connecting/adjoining rooms available
Also popular with travelers from the USA)
Getting around
- San Francisco, CA (SFO-San Francisco Intl.) 24-min drive
- Oakland, CA (OAK-Oakland Intl.) 32-min drive
- San Carlos, CA (SQL) 34-min drive
- Hayward, CA (HWD-Hayward Executive) 36-min drive
- Concord, CA (CCR-Buchanan Field) 40-min drive
- Napa, CA (APC-Napa Valley) 57-min drive
- San Francisco 4th and King Station 26-min walk
- San Francisco 22nd Street Station 12-min drive
- San Francisco Bayshore Station 15-min drive
- Powell St. Station 6-min walk
- Montgomery St. Station 9-min walk
- Embarcadero Station 16-min walk
- Valet parking (surcharge)
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell us
Time for Practice Time
Finding time for our own yoga practice at home can sometimes be difficult, but whenever we do, we feel better for it. Sometimes it may only be 15 minutes, other times we might have the luxury of longer.
I was fortunate to spend a month at the Ramamani Iyengar Memorial Yoga Institute (RIMYI) in Pune, India last September. This is the home of Iyengar yoga where students from all over the world come together to study yoga with Guruji’s family and very experienced senior teachers. This was an amazing experience. As well as the wonderful tuition, our own personal “Practice Time” was scheduled into the timetable. It was part of the daily routine, where there were no other distractions or commitments. It was a time to recap on what we had learned in the classes or explore other asanas and sequences from Light on Yoga.
Trying to continue a similar level of practice once home was a challenge, but simply setting time aside for practice and making it a priority works. Very often when we are busy our yoga practice seems to get put to one side, but that’s when it’s most important. We can explore, experiment and play in our own space and time, understanding and feeling the effects of yoga.
The hardest thing is getting started. Here are some tips that will help you. Firstly, find a dedicated space in your home, an area where you won’t be disturbed. Then, like we did in Pune, timetable a session for your practice into the week. In the beginning, it may be that you practise just once a week and schedule only 10 minutes on your mat, and that’s fine. Don’t set yourself unrealistic goals as you may become disheartened. And if things don’t quite work out as you imagined simply start again another time and it will be different.
If you need any help or advice please do feel free to contact me, Carolyn, Sarah or Sue (our details are on the iYoga teachers page:) There are also some sequences on the iYoga website which you might find useful ()
Must go – it’s my Practice Time! Enjoy your own personal yoga practice…..
Jacky Taylor (jacky.taylor@me.com)MAI HIME
You will be forwarded to my stories on fanfiction.net.
Summary:
Natsuki is a gargoyle. Or lets better say she’s half gargoyle and half human. Many years ago she was cursed and the mage, who did this knew, that Natsuki hated nothing more than humans. So he spoke a spell, that she would turn every morning into a human. One side effect of this spell was, that she turned immortal. She had to live like this for the rest of her life, until one of the mage relatives broke the spell. But up until now she didn’t find one. And I’m sure you know who will be the mysterious relative ;)
Summary:
Shizuru and Natsuki are living together for 2 years now. Their relationship is still unstable. Natsuki is not quite sure, if she loves Shizuru like Shizuru
wants her to. Then one day as Natsuki just wanted to tell Shizuru her decision, something unexpected happens. Will they be able to save their relationship?
Or will they fall apart . . .forever?
FROZEN
You will be forwarded to my stories on fanfiction.net
Love is the Greatest Power on
Earth
Summary:
Elsa is the new English teacher at Arendelle SFGP (School for Gifted People) and Anna is one of her students. Anna is not very popular among her classmates and gets bullied at every given opportunity. She doesn’t possess any special powers and everyone wonders why she is there in the first place.
Final Fantasy XIII
You will be forwarded to my stories on fanfiction.net
The truth beneath the rose
Summary:
Lightning is the CEO of a huge and influential weapon company (swords and guns). She is very seclusive, strict, and not easy to talk to, but fair to her employees nonetheless. There is a reason for her behavior though; she has a secret, a big one. A guardian named Odin. She can summon the god of thunder at will. Only one child in every century bears this power. A gift and a curse at times. Only her sister Serah knows about her secret. Little does she know, that a certain brunette will soon discover more than just her magical powers. Will Lightning let her in? (FLight)
You can do it, too! Sign up for free now atBase Salary
Base Salary
Total Compensation
Profit Sharing, Commission Sharing, Tips have not been reported for this role.
Base Salary
Total Compensation
Additional Compensation
$21,371
$10,105
The typical MSCI Senior Associate salary is $99,616. Senior Associate salaries at MSCI can range from $57,909 - $137,444. This estimate is based upon 111 MSCI Senior Associate salary report(s) provided by employees or estimated based upon statistical methods. When factoring in bonuses and additional compensation, a Senior Associate at MSCI can expect to make an average total pay of $118,718 . See all Senior Associate salaries to learn how this stacks up in the market.
“Pretty standard package; dental is limited”
“Standard, expired end of the year”
Looking beyond MSCI?
Check out the latest Senior Associate Jobs or see Senior Associate Salaries at other companies.
See if they're hiring! Check out the latest MSCI JobsOur team of painters specialises in providing the very best standard of painting services. Our team of painters takes pride in enabling individuals get their homes and business areas looking fantastic. Our team operate throughout Beaumaris and the surrounding suburbs, providing the broader Melbourne region with services they can rely on for all their painting requirements.
Painters providing Beaumaris with the highest standard of service and expertise
The painters we use have years of expertise within the trade. They come from a broad variety of backgrounds, which enables us to provide the highest standards of a service from a team that has seen and done just about everything. If you would like it painted, talk it over with our Melbourne painting team and establish why a lot of people trust our services more than any other in Victoria. Regardless of the size of the job, we offer the same commitment to customer satisfaction and workmanship. We place professionalism at the centre of all our work. This means that we turn up when we say we will, make sure the we conduct ourselves in an exemplary manner, and tidy up after ourselves once the job is done. It is this level of customer service that has given a reputation as the most trustworthy and reliable painters in the Beaumaris and Bayside area.
Painting experience for all types of service and requirements
We offer a broad variety of experience enabling our clients to trust us to be a one-stop-shop for your needs. we cover the complete scope of painting, including interior and exterior, and additionally, floor and special protecting coatings. We have a dedication to hard work and make sure that each job is completed to the very best standards of expertise and accomplishment, and that we pay explicit attention to making certain all our work adheres to rigorous trade standards.
For further information speak to one of our team today
If you would like more details about what we can do for you, please don’t hesitate to get in touch. We will be happy to discuss your needs and help plan the ideal painting service to suit your needs. We tailor our services to suit you and your home, working with your schedule to minimise disruption to your life. This approach has given us a long list of satisfied clients, each returning to us every time they need expert painting services in and around Beaumaris. To speak with one of our helpful and friendly staff, pick up the phone and call us today. You can also use our online contact form and we will get back to you as soon as we can.
Parent 311 Call-in Campaign
Friday, December 19th
Hazardous traffic conditions continue to prevail in the area around P.S. 230. Children are put at unnecessary risk by the lack of
- school crossing guards at Church and McDonald, Caton and McDonald, and Dahill and Albemarle,
- school crossing signs by the upper and lower schools, and
- speed bumps on Albemarle Road, Minna Street, and Dahill Road, and
- enforcement of speeding laws.
Call 311 on Friday, December 19th, to report unsafe street conditions around P.S. 230 and make it clear that city agencies must put an end to these hazards.Theme Directory
Version: 1.1.2
Last updated: July 18, 2017
Active Installs: 90+
Begonia Lite is a blogging theme that frames your ideas and findings in a striking layout with a modern twist!
Got something to say? Need help?
Translate Begonia Lite
No themes found. Try a different search.
Code is Poetry.I always feel that fun time ends faster..,
But of coz I still hope every weekends is full of fun, be it with my family or friends.
Thank you all the guests who celebrated Jamie’s big 5 birthday at POLW!
I also had lots of fun going down the slides with my two babies ^^
Weather turned out to be great!! We checked the weather forcast the night before and it indicated that there will be thunderstorm islandwide. But there was not a drop of rain in Sentosa throughout the party! Instead, it was kind of hot and it was cooling (not too cold) to be in the water! Lucky us!
But because the weather was hot, the day started off with two cranky children in the car. They were getting hot and uncomfy in their party clothes and stuck in the car for 1hr plus, because we had to set off early to have lunch, pick up the cake, then head to Sentosa.
Setting off
Happy Birthday Girl
But problem solver Laogong never fails to save the day. After turning on the classical music for 10-15min, both children fell asleep in the car. We decided to leave them in the car and started the deco first.
My other savior is Godma Yvonne who never fails to stand by me, give me realistic advices and lend her helping hand, whenever I have to coordinate events. Like she always did, she was the first to reach Port Belly restaurant to help with the setup. We reached at 2plus and there were still lingering lunch crowd. Nevertheless we found few unoccupied table and set up one for the goodie bags and cake.
Princess Jamie came shortly after.
Simple Party Setup
Guests started to arrive from 2.45pm and by then we were lucky enough to get more tables for the guests.
It was so cute watching Jamie received her guests! All the kids were so excited to be invited and Jamie was really a good host! See how thrilled she looked!! This year she even insisted to invite two of her closer classmates!
Jamie receiving her guests
Of coz, there are also some adult guests who are my closer friends and have watched Jamie grew from a tiny baby to a pretty young child.
Last but not least, my parents, Brother,
Da Sao and Jamie’s favorite cousin Claris and cousin Clarence came too!
The kids were going wow wow wow when they saw the pretty birthday cake! Even Mummy Me herself loves the Barbie mermaid doll! Hahaha…
So I giving myself a pat on my shoulder! Great choice to match the birthday theme!
Excited children
Blow candles
Cut Cake
Did u notice I even dress according to the theme? Sometimes I feel organising Jamie’s parties are like granting my childhood wishes..
Life isn’t easy for our parents when I was young, so we never had such luxurious birthday celebrations. But it was never the expensive parties or beautiful cakes I wished for. I simply wished I get to meet my cousins more frequently.. And sometimes holding birthday parties is one of the bonding activities to get people together…
Now that I am a grown up, I tried to mend the lost kinships with some closer cousins and their spouses. I treasure these “newfound” kinships and family support, hence I also want to help Laogong to mainstain his kinships with his cousins. I wish to pass down this practice and belief to Jamie and James. At the same time, I hope Jamie learns to be more sociable and more resilient, through interaction with her cousins and friends.
Back to me and my mermaid! Really love it!
After the cake cutting, we served food and the kids just can’t wait to jump into the water.
We didn’t take photos during the water play because it was meant be just fun fun fun!!! Anyway, once Jamie got into the pirate ship, she can hardly be found!
I think she really enjoyed herself coz she knocked out when she was on the way home!!!!
And I think I learnt a lot too from this party so I can do a better job the next time if I want to do similar party again!
Lessons learnt
1. Outdoor activities = At weather’a mercy
– unlike indoor parties, where you are in control (ie. Keeping guests in a confound area means easier to gather everyone for cake cutting), it’s very hard to avoid everyone running off into the water and refused to come out. That’s why we decided to do cake cutting before free and easy water playtime.
– I was pretty prepared for the worst when I checked the weather forecast the night before but I didn’t stopped ‘praying’ for no rain too.
– So it’s good to have a wet weather plan in mind, or at least a sheltered holding arwa should there be rain that postponed your outdoor activities. We had the sheltered restaurant at POLW to hold the cake cutting and guests.
2. No rain is good but too hot = impatient children. So some adjustments to schedule has to be made if necessary.
– I noticed the children were more restless. Even my two kids were so restless after we set off. It was not easy to get the children’s attention.
– We decided to cut cake after majority of the guests and children had reached. We couldn’t even wait for my parents, brother, da sao and Jamie’s favorite cousins to come before we started to cut cake. I knew I had to miss them out because most of the other children were getting distracted and restless.
3. It’s not easy to get restless children’s attention. So you need to be firm to get the children to listen to instructions (which includes standing straight, look at the camera and say cheese when doing cake cutting). Hahaha.. I hope I didn’t sound like a discipline master though.. Maybe more like a teacher calling names of those not listening to instructions. But well, it worked so who cares as long as I get the party going ^^
4. It was a good decision to do cut cake then free and easy.
– We did cake cutting first coz we knew the children will be shagged and tired after the water play. No one will have mood to eat or cut cake. True enough, I was totally shagged too after the water play.
– Because it was a Sunday, so we expected people to leave before 6pm (when POLW closed). True enough, most left before 6pm.
– We expected long bath queue too which would delay the cake cutting time if we did water play first. True enough there was a long bathing queue after 6pm. By the time Jamie and I left the toilet, our last guests had left.
5. People do eat heavy refreshments. And unlimited supply of water is a MUST!
– we were expecting less people want to eat at 3pm but it turned out more prefer to eat the refreshments than the cake. Ended up we had quite a lot of leftover pieces of cake.
– what we didn’t expected is there were guests who totally rely on water provided by us. So they had to purchase their own water after what we ordered were finished and we were both busy playing with our children in the water area. For this, we had to apologize to our guests. Water will be our top prority next time!
6. We were lucky the lingering lunch crowd slowly walked off nearing cake cutting time. But because of this, we couldnt receive some guests who came when we were still trying to spread out the table cloth after the crowd cleared. So next time I will still prefer to do pre-booking so I don’t need go down early to chop seats…
7. Children being children will play in pairs more than threes or in a group.
– I had hoped everyone can play together. But end up I see mostly were in pairs. Jamie was initially with her classmate and later on she decided to look for her favorite cousin Claris. But the girls were not comfortable to play in threes. That’s really weird.. Anyone know why? Maybe young children still prefer undivided attention.
– Hence, to build individual friendship, it’s better to rely on frequent small groups gathering than large group activities like birthday parties ^^ I am definitely going to organise more outings for Jamie and the different groups of children! Coz I also want to born with their mummies! Hahaha!
8. Not necessary to get themed cutleries. Yeah, themed goodie bags are good to have but themed cutleries are not necesssary.
On the whole, it was a very pleasant experience holding the party at POLW. The children really had fun! I ‘interviewed’ every child before they l eft. They all said they had fun ^^ I think ln children naturally like water play an d indoor playgrounds. Maybe I can try oholding at an indoor playground the next time!
Last but not least, thank you everyone for the lovely presents for Jamie!
Haha! Will start thinking about James party by end Nov 2014!
AdvertisementsSelect a company below to pay your insurance bill online. Please have your invoice handy so you can reference it to pay your bill easily and quickly.
For nearly a century, Snow & Thomson Insurance has been committed to offering all our customers the best insurance for their personal and business needs.
CapeEvents.com
Harwich Port Weather
Harwich HarbormasterFree Image - Digital Image - Online Photo - Photoshop
Photography Online - Clip Art - Photo Print - Digital Photo
How To Get Digital Photos With Professional Results
Even a point a shot digital camera is not a guarantee that you will get good quality pictures. Forget about all those advertising spiels that tell you how your camera knows how to take professional pictures. Even if your camera is built with start of the art digital technology, you will still need to point it in the right direction before you can hope to get some professional looking pictures. In other words, you should know how to use your camera properly to get good results. To help you get some professional looking pictures, here are some tips for you.
Preparing to take pictures
Taking pictures require concentration so it would be a good idea for you to relax for about 15 to 30 minutes before you start taking pictures.
Always remember that the slightest movement of your hands could ruin your photos so make sure that your body is relaxed so that you will be able to provide steady support to your camera.
If you intend to use some props and other materials for your pictures, gather all these things together before hand so that you will not end up feeling harassed later on. It will not do you any good if you go running about trying to find your props in the middle of a photo session. Always remember that photography is supposed to be a fun hobby, so do not stress yourself out.
Taking pictures
Before taking your pictures, make sure that you do away with all the clutter in the background.
There is nothing uglier than having a cluttered background. Just imagine how ugly your picture will turn out if there is jumble of telephone wires, soft drink cans and other in the background. Sure, clutter can be a form of art if made the subject of your photographs but if they are used as background, forget it! Clutter has no place in your picture especially if you are taking photographs of people.
When taking your pictures, stay close to your subject. If you are taking a picture of a person, do not move more than four feet away from that person. Always remember that your subject is the person so focus on your subject and capture the expression on the face of your subject. Note that the facial expression of your subject will make your pictures more interesting. Consider taking pictures of that that person at different angle so that you will have plenty of choices later. The secret of getting professional looking pictures is to take as many pictures as you can and then select the best ones. Every self-respecting professional photographer knows that taking several pictures on a single subject is very important and that there are only about 1 to 2 photos in every 10 pictures that you take that is worth something.
Search
Photos for Free Articles
Photos for Free Books
Photos for FreeOriginally published February 14, 2014 at 4:18 AM | Page modified February 14, 2014 at 7:12 AM
Eddie Bauer sold to suit retailer in $825M deal
Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc., to avert a takeover itself, is buying Bellevue-based Eddie Bauer in a cash-and-stock deal valued at $825 million.
The Associated Press
J.
Eddie Bauer, founded in Seattle in 1920, has about 370 stores in the U.S. and Canada. It had about 500 headquarters employees as of June 2012, when it named Michael Egeck as president.
The outdoor clothing retailer was acquired out of bankruptcy five years ago by investors led by San Francisco private equity firm Golden Gate Capital.While on the phone with a Cingular CSR, I asked what the GAIT/GSM OTA RESEND fetaure was. The CSR explained that if ya can't get thru to a number because of a busy signal, this feature lets you keep redialing automatically w/o
redialing over and over again.
I probbaly shoulda asked when I was on the phone with her but how does anyone know how to initiate this feature ?As I look into the present, I also look into the past.
The seasons change as they always have, and always shall. Another Summer gone, another Fall is here, transitioning towards Winter: The “Great Sleep” that awaits all in Nature, on the Boreal Hemisphere. We have counted Moons, and swirled to-and-fro throughout our minor excistence, in the Grand Cycle of Time. The colorsome trees, as they don their last clothes of the seasons. Let us be thoughtful on what has come to pass.
The harvests have been grand this year, as payment for the toil and perseverence, exacted upon those who worked the Land. The times of recalling of those vast arrays of experience, and the stories to be told to those who follow. The chill in the air, a reminder that comfort is not forever. The waning of the Sun’s Golden Warmth, a reminder of the fallow. This time, this place, this very moment – what do we reflect, and upon what do we see ourselves within the lense of Nature?
If for nothing else,
My prayers to the Father of Sky, and to the Mother of Earth, and their Brothers ans Sisters, all between,
“Thank You for the memories,
And Thank You the Experience,
Of Every Moment that we call Life.”
– Rev. Dragon’s Eye,
TEMPLE OF THE ANCIENT DRAGONSI.
6 comments:
Oh my goodness that really was a big rain storm
I posted that to fast - glad you had a fun time at the crop and I'm looking forward to seeing what the news is from KnK.
WOW look at all that rainwater!! Yikes! Looks like the crop was a success. You better watch out, I'm going to show up for one of those someday..... ;)
Amy love, you best keep your promise now...you would have such fun at one of these crops!
Rain, rain! Gracious! Glad you had such a wonderful time and can't wait to see what inspiration comes from this weekend.
Love you!
Jules... I had an absolute BLAST! I didn't even mind the extra hour tacked on to our driving time due to the accident on 75... it gave us more time to chat! Had so much fun on the drive down ... AND at the crop! So glad to meet Theresa ... so happy to see Linda and Elle... love them both so much! Thanks again for asking me along... I can't wait to drive Daisy to the next crop!» Auto updated continuously
Display limited to 'Dale John Edward' in document titles and meta descriptions. Display In Whole Documents or use the calendar above to adjust the date setting.
ABC Australia
[ Just In ]
A young man who drove recklessly has cried in court over permanently injuring three friends in an accident on Adelaide's southern outskirts....
Courier Mail
A YOUNG amputee has forgiven her best friend for his dangerous driving that caused her to lose an arm, and asked a court not to send him to jail....East Lansing - Home of Michigan State University
East Lansing - Home of The Spartans
East Lansing is a very small town in Michigan, which is entirely ran by the Michigan State University. Its economy is based on students and faculty as the university is the home of nearly 50,000 students (often classified as Spartans) and faculty from all around the world. The city is one of the most vibrant ones in the state of Michigan during the school year as it offers tons of things to do while the students are in session.
The city itself has a population of nearly 50,000 people as well, which turns into nearly 100,000 during the school year. Surprisingly enough the local population of East Lansing is very friendly and accepting of the Michigan State students even though sometimes they can cause trouble for the city of East Lansing.
East Lansing - Map
East Lansing - Things to Do - Places to Visit
There are so things to do up in East Lansing and the surrounding areas. Without a doubt Michigan State takes lots of pride in their campus (which by the way is gorgeous during all seasons), so visiting the MSU campus is a must. The beautiful Red Ceder river cuts trough campus and makes the experience simply fantastic.
Once you are done walking trough the Michigan State`s campus, you should definitely try to get yourself tickets to a MSU sporting event. Being part of the Big Ten Michigan State is considered one of the best basketball programs in the country, and it has been working itself in the college football hierarchy as the football team has been extremely successful for the past 5 seasons.
If you are not into sports, there are many cultural events which you will be able to attend throughout the year. In this case you will want to see the newly renovated Wharton Center which is home of some of the greatest performances in the United States.
Speaking of places to visit in East Lansing the newly built The Eli and Edythe Broad Art Museum located on Grand River right in the heart of East Lansing`s downtown area. The MSU museum has been one of the largest projects to be completed on campus, and without a doubt it is one of the most significant/interesting places in the Midwest. Thanks to the generous donations of Eli Broad and his family the museum is now fully functional and it offers a wide variety of culturally significant events.
Deals on Spartan Products
East Lansing - Sports
Michigan State is one of the most successful universities in the country in many aspects and various categories. Sports is one of them as the university consitently is in the mix for the College Basketball National Championship, and Tom Izzo has been established as one of the great masterminds of basketball in general.
Michigan State plays their basketball games in the Breslin Center, which was built in 1989, and has a capacity of nearly 16,000 people. Usually basketball games are sold out as the Spartans are always putting world class performances on the basketball court. The Izzone (the MSU basketball fan section) is one of the loudest in the country and nobody can compare with their passion for the game and the Green and White.
Michigan State has been showing enormous progress in football as the team has been performing impressively for the past 5 years (ever since Mark Dantonio took the head coaching job in East Lansing). The Michigan State football team plays their games in the legendary Spartan Stadium (recently upgraded with three enormous screens) which holds nearly 80,000 fans.
Without a doubt it will be easier to acquire a ticket for a football game as the capacity of Spartan stadium is so large that usually there are people that are selling their tickets through various channels (mostly online). Basketball tickets are hard to come by and especially expensive if there is a Big Ten showdown being played at the Breslin Center. The atmosphere however its second to none and you will always remember your first Breslin experience.
Visiting a sports event on campus is a must for every person that passes through East Lansing, as the city and the students all come together to celebrate game day.
Spartan Stadium - East Lansing
East Lansing - Places to Eat - Peanut Barrel
Just like any college town, East Lansing offers a wide variety of restaurants and bars. However there are a few that stand out, and have become landmarks in the surrounding areas and Michigan in general. We will start with the Peanut Barrel which is located right downtown East Lansing on Grand River. There couldn't be a more perfect location for a restaurant in East Lansing as they indoor and outdoor seating available. The food at the Peanut Barrel is simply tremendous, as they are known for their burgers, which by the way are the best in the region. Another staple that the Peanut Barrel is known for is their Long Island cocktails. The Long Island that they offer is nothing like you've ever tasted before, and it has the potential to make you a bit tipsy (at a point in time they were serving only two per customer due to the high percentage of alcohol in their Long Islands).
Deals on Spartan Products
East Lansing - Places to Eat - Dublin Square
Another great place to eat and drink in East Lansing is Dublin Square. This Irish-type bar has become one of the most popular places in East Lansing, mainly due to its location and the great atmosphere. Just like the Peanut Barrel, Dublin has indoor and great outdoor seating available. They have great sandwiches and lots of beer on tap (just like a typical Irish pub). The only possible downside to Dublin is that the people who work there do not seem to be friendly whatsoever, and sometimes that can be a deal breaker. The best time of the year to go Dublin Square in East Lansing is St.Patty's Day and every day that is warmer outside, that way you will be able to enjoy the great patio which arguably is the best in town.
East Lansing - Places to Eat - Pizza House
Everyone knows that college towns have lots of pizza places, most from which are the typical franchises, which are good but boring. Well East Lansing has many pizza franchises, however the best pizza in town is no way shape or form comparable to the main stream "$5" carry-out.
Pizza House has become one of the most iconic pizzerias in the Midwest and in East Lansing, it has reached legendary status. Offering all kinds of pizza, but focusing on deep dish Chicago style pizza, the place is awesome. The atmosphere of Pizza House is great as there are lots of TV's to follow the Spartans while enjoying great slice of deep dish pizza.
The only downfall for Pizza House is that it is located on Hagadorn which is somewhat far from everything else, and you will need to drive to it. Apart from that Pizza House has been and always will be the best pizza place in town. The perfect trip to East Lansing goes through Pizza House.
East Lansing - A Great Town
There is no doubt that East Lansing is one of the nicest towns in the state of Michigan. Students and local residents always manage to make East Lansing a desirable destination for sports fans, parents, tourists and all other kinds of people with various purposes of their visit.
East Lansing is a town that will embrace you from the moment you see the sign "Welcome to East Lansing". You can just imagine what a blast most students have in East Lansing, which by many is considered the party town of Michigan, as the MSU students definitely know how to work hard and of course play hard.
There is not much more to be said except: Go Green! Go White!*>*
Advertising
*Position: Lead **Hadoop Developer with Big data technologies* *Location: Bellevue, WA* *Duration: 6+ Months* *Job description :-* - · At least 5+ years of solid experience in the software industry with strong experience in Big Data Technologies. - · Strong Expetise working in / Understanding of Big data a technologies with strong focus on Hortonworks. Strong knowledge of Kafka, Flume, Sqoop, Hive, Pig, Map Reduce, Spark, Storm with hands on experience - all or most of these. - · Solid technology expertise in J2EE and related technologies - · Strong Unix Scripting skills - · Be very comfortable with Agile methodologies - · Good knowledge of Data warehouse and BI technologies - Exposure to ETL and Reporting tools and appliances like Teradata. 8. Excellent Communication Skills. - · Expertise in SQL databases (e.g. MySQL or Oracle) and strong ability to write SQL queries. - · Selected candidates should bring their own laptops. *--* *Thanks and regards,Vicky.Earlier this week, I had the pleasure of speaking to the United Way of Denton County agencies about how they can use social media networking (aka social media marketing) as a means of getting the word out about their agency in a very cost-effective manner.
I thought I’d share my presentation with you.
A Walk on the Wild Side: A Field Guide to Social Networking
View more OpenOffice presentations from Louellen Coker.
An Informal Social Media Marketing Survey
Like this presentation? Let the good folks over at Slideshare know. Simply click on the link below and give me a “thumbs up”! Voting ends on June 22, so hurry on over.
Fuze Tell A Story Contest
BTW, while it would be kinda cool to win, the purpose of the post is to have a real-life anecdote of the workings of a social network. If we do happen to win, at least 10% will go to diabetes research through my involvment with Diabetes Action.Published on : Tuesday, January 2, 2018
The Consulate General of India in Shanghai along with the Shanghai Tourism Trade Association recently co-organized the “Incredible India: Tourism Promotion Seminar” in Shanghai to promote India tourism among Chinese travellers.
The seminar was attended by nearly 120 leading tourism and travel agencies from the Eastern China region. While delivering his opening remarks, Consulate General Anil Kumar Rai indicated that India boasts 36 UNESCO World Heritage sights, 10 bio-geographical zones, 26 biotech provinces and a range of touristic attractions for Chinese travellers.
India has seen a growth of over 18 percent in foreign tourist arrivals and, with the introduction of e-visas for over 162 nationalities, there has been exponential growth in foreign arrivals. He mentioned that a round-the-clock helpline to provide assistance and support in 12 major languages, including Chinese, has proved to be extremely helpful in addressing issues faced by tourists in India. The Consulate General also invited the Chinese tourism industry to capitalise on the “Make in India” initiative for investing in India’s tourism and hospitality sector and make use of the growing long-term tourism potential of India.
Chen Xueyu, secretary-general of Shanghai Tourism and Trade Association, during his keynote address highlighted the growing tourism interests between China and India.
He opined that, given its thousand years of history and culture, India is becoming a preferred destination for Chinese tourists, whose numbers are increasing along with the rise in their incomes.
Unique experiences
Fliggy, a new travel company from the Alibaba Group, emphasised the use of social media, technology and other innovative methods for attracting Chinese tourists, offering to provide a unique experience platform for Indian tourism.
While making their presentations on tourism attractions in India, travel agencies from India provided details of various touristic attractions and packages available for Chinese tourists. During a feedback session, many Chinese tourism agency representatives shared the feedback received by them from Chinese tourists visiting India.
They also emphasized that India remains a destination to be explored to its fullest potential. Statistically, most Chinese travelers who visit India tend to revisit many more times subsequently.
Earlier at the event, a detailed presentation on the Indian e-visa policy was made by the consulate. A Q&A session was held after to clarify doubts raised by stakeholders. There was wider appreciation amongst Chinese participants about the e-visa facility for Chinese tourists. B2B meetings were also held in an informal setting.
Tags: India, Indian Consulate General, shanghai, Shanghai Tourism Trade AssociationThe cherrys-land slot is a brilliant choice for you. You will fall in love with it, there is no doubt! cherrys-land casino game by Faro Entertainment N.V. is a simple game with incredible prizes. Take advantage of all the multipliers, deposit bonuses and daily promotions and make a scoop. It is a game with low risks. cherrys-land game has a return percentage of over 97%. This means that you will get lucky already today. And it is certainly the game to suggest any gambler try out at least once. Or, you can just have a great time online, playing cherrys-land videoslot for free on Mr.BetProfile
For Live Set / DJ Set Bookings:
Riggsy started the dharkfunkh project back in early 2012. Over his 17 year career as a producer he has worked on countless variations of underground house and techno under many different monikers racking up hundreds of releases. A studio engineer by trade, now focusing on the deeper side of tech house, deep house and techno with his solo productions.
dharkfunkh has had releases on respected labels such as Nurvous Records, Suara, OFF Recordings, Pacha, Interscope, Jango, Play Records, Milk & Sugar and Kevin Saunderson’s KMS Records and has featured on over 100 albums on Beatport. He has also remixed for Deadmau5, Melleefresh, Yolanda Be Cool, Robbie Rivera & Preditah which have been supported on BBC Radio 1, 1Xtra and Capital FM.
Previous gigs.
For DJ Set/Live Set/Remix Bookings:No,
Restomodded 13-second 1969 Plymouth Barracuda for sale on Hemmings.com. From the seller’s description: built by the owner -a clone- from two donor cars originating from the western US. The 383 Formula S 4 speed Coupe donor car came from Hillsboro, Oregon when new and was one of 98 US shipment ... re ... Read more
It’s inevitable: Pen a story on the latest record-breaking auction price of a competition Ferrari, rare muscle car or restored to better-than-new-condition classic, and comments pour in about how the average Joe is priced out of the hobby. While the days of the $500 Mustang or the $1,000 Alfa ... Read moreCompany profile made by Panjiva
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Agh Trading Corp.
Buyers of similar products
Suppliers of similar products
clear manufacturersclear glass manufacturersdecla red manufacturersmirror glass manufacturersweather manufacturers
Buyers similar to Agh Trading Corp.Dismiss Notice
You are browsing this site as a guest. It takes 2 minutes to CREATE AN ACCOUNT and less than 1 minute to LOGIN
Kutendwa mara ya kwanza kunauma zaidi...
Discussion in 'Mahusiano, mapenzi, urafiki' started by Tuko, Oct 5, 2011.
Page 1 of 3
Page 1 of 3Commercial Door & Supply Llc
Po Box 19331 Topeka, Kansas 66619(785) 862-6207
Print | Save | Directions
AboutCommercial Door & Supply Llc is located at the address Po Box 19331 in Topeka, Kansas 66619. They can be contacted via phone at (785) 862-6207 for pricing, hours and directions.
Commercial Door & Supply Llc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999. .For more information contact Chris Reno, Owner
For maps and directions to Commercial Door & Supply Llc view the map to the right. For reviews of Commercial Door & Supply Llc see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (785) 862-6207
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Fishers Fixtures
6700 Sw Topeka Blvd Topeka, Kansas 66619
Urban Services Group Inc
444 Se Quincy St Topeka, Kansas 66683
Westlake Hardware
5001 Sw 29th St Topeka, Kansas 66614
Topeka's Home Experts
909 S Kansas Ave Topeka, Kansas 66612
Schmidt Builders Supply Inc
721 N Kansas Ave Topeka, Kansas 66608
Rew Materials, Inc
730 Ne Us Highway 24 Topeka, Kansas 66608
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Chris Reno
- OWNER
- Phone: (785) 862-6207Planetbox cold kit sleeve ice pack
PlanetBox ColdKit ice pack sleeve for use in any Planetbox lunch kit or your own lunch box to keep contents cool for up to 8 hours. The Kids Konserve ice mat and Goodbyn round ice block also fit nicely in the ice mat pocket inside the Rover bag - see links below.
Buying this product = 14 Reward points for Members. Your cart will total 14 points = voucher of $0.70. Not a Member? Join at checkout to claim these points.
It is another Saturday challenge over at 365 Cards and today’s prompt is:
My Moment – Think back to a proud moment in your life and use it to inspire your card design.
I chose my moment as having my girls. All through my years of growing up, I always said that I would never have my own children. I had an abundance of nieces and nephews who I loved like they were my own and I spent all my free time possible with them. Even after I had met the guy that I claimed I was going to marry some day, the thought of having kids didn’t really cross my mind.
As soon as I found out that I was pregnant, I realized that that was my purpose in life. To be a mom.
My life had changed forever in that small moment, and even though she was not planned, she, and eventually her younger sister, had made life worth while.
And don’t forget that today is the last day to apply to be on the 365 Cards Design Team. Check out all of the details here.
So so cute!!!
Beautiful card…love the button cluster.LOS ANGELES, October 28- teammates allowed me to play through my mistakes.”
Curry became the first reigning MVP in history to score 40 or more points on opening night as the Golden State Warriors began their title defense by thumping the New Orleans Pelicans 111-95. In the other contest, the Detroit Pistons dumped the Atlanta Hawks 106-94.
There was a moment of silence before the games in honor of Flip Saunders. The Minnesota Timberwolves coach and team president passed away on Sunday after battling cancer.
The only Chicago starter that didn’t shoot in double figures was Pau Gasol, but the Spaniard made his presence known with six blocks including a key denial of Cavaliers talisman James with three seconds left that helped secure the victory.
Cleveland had another chance to tie the score as time expired but guard Jimmy Butler broke up a Cavs inbound pass to James, ending the game between the two top clubs in the NBA’s Eastern Conference.
Nikola Mirotic had 19 points, Butler delivered 17 points while Tony Snell and E’Twaun Moore each scored 11 for the Bulls, who gave their new head coach Fred Hoiberg his first NBA win.
James tallied a game-high 25 points and 10 rebounds, Mo Williams finished with 19 points and Kevin Love scored 18 for the Cavaliers, who lost in the NBA Finals in six games last season to the Warriors.
James said after the game that he struggled with his conditioning during the first and third quarters. He sat out for most of the past two weeks of preseason after receiving an anti-inflammatory injection for his back. It was his second shot in the past 10 months.
He credited Gasol for getting the better of him on the clutch block.
“I made myself very small in my finish,” said James. “Pau was having a great game, and he made a great play.”
– Red-hot Curry –
Meanwhile, Bulls’ fan Obama said that he was optimistic about their chances this year.
“If you got Butler and Rose you have to make sure you get the ball into the paint so they can do what they do creatively,” he told a TNT television interviewer.
Obama also said he is pleased Chicago is in the Eastern Conference because the West is “stacked.”
Tuesday’s contest was a rematch of last year’s NBA quarter-final playoff series, which Cleveland won in six games.
Former league MVP Rose wore a protective mask after missing most of the pre-season because of a broken left orbital bone. It is just the latest in a long list of injuries Rose has battled in recent years.
It was an evening of celebration for Golden State. The players received their 2014-15 championship rings in a pregame ceremony.
The Warriors, a 67-game winner in the regular season a year ago, won without coach Steve Kerr, who attended the ring ceremony but then headed to the Warriors locker room, where he rested an ailing back. Assistant Luke Walton coached the game.
Curry finished with 40 points, seven assists and six rebounds.
He nailed four three-pointers during a 24-point, first-quarter explosion, as the Warriors thrilled a crowd that had just taken its seats following the raising of the franchise’s championship banner.I am excited to announce that I’ll be performing with Amici Music July 9-11 in Asheville, featuring Lea Kibler (flute), Daniel Weiser (piano), Will Beasley (bass), and Justin Watt (percussion). We’ll be performing a program entitled “Jazzical 2,” including fun
How did Bach play guitar? He cheated…
I bet Bach played the lute a little bit… just like your mom plays the guitar a little bit. If you’re already a virtuoso player of the organ, harpsichord, violin, viola, voice, and other instruments, you probably wouldn’t want to
BACH ON THE NOSE FLUTE!!
Bach’s music transcends any time period, individual performance, or instrumentation. I’m playing Bach on the classical guitar, which isn’t that uncommon these days but the guitar didn’t even exist in the baroque era (at least not in its current form).
The Memory Quest Begins!
Have you ever wondered how classical musicians memorize an entire program of music, and why? Playing from memory can be an awesome experience for the performer and the audience. Personally, I just feel like I’m a little bit more free.
Courante or Corrente? Same thing right? Nope… (Stick with me on this one, I have a gift for you at the end.)
I’ll be honest, I don’t know much about baroque dances. When I got the chance to do baroque dance in college during “Intensive Arts” (the UNCSA version of a J-Term) I didn’t exactly take notes. So far my strategy when
A Bach blog?!? WHAT? WHY?
I know, isn’t there enough out there written about J.S. Bach? At the end of last year (2014) I finished reading a fantastic book about the Bach Cello Suites called, The Cello Suites by Eric Siblin. Even if you aren’t09/30/2012 to 09/30/2012
Sunday, Sept. 30, 2012 at 7IL Ranch 10am to 3pm 7iltrails.com Breaking Barriers Workshop Taught by Renowned Animal Communicator, Amy Miller People learn in different ways, hearing, listening, seeing. Horses do too! Learn what your horse's preferred method of learning is and how you can break the communication barrier and become a better partner for your equine friend. Proven method has produced class winners, world champions and basic improvement and acceptance of training. Space is limited so reserve your spot now! amy@intuitionsllc.com, jmead6236@aol.com or 832-248-5293Clinic, Workshops, Symposiums | Cat Spring , TexasBBB Accredited Business Directory
Businesses you can trust in Northeast California
near
sacramento
accredited-business-directoryAuto Search Auto Location
Results for: GARAGE BUILDERS.
- Patio & Deck Builders (42)
- Garage Doors & Openers (41)
- Home Builders (32)
- Deck Builder (30)
- Garage Door Repair (24)
- Patio Builder (11)
- Contractor - General Green Builder (9)
- Garage Organizers (4)
- Stair Builders (4)
- Floors - Garage (3)
- Furniture Designers & Custom Builders (3)
- Bridge Builders (2)
- Chimney Builders & Repair (1)
- Hardware - Builders (1)Blush Beauty Services
15500 Orlan Brook Dr Orland Park, Illinois 60462(312) 515-2742
Print | Save | Directions
AboutBlush Beauty Services is located at the address 15500 Orlan Brook Dr in Orland Park, Illinois 60462. They can be contacted via phone at (312) 515-2742 for pricing, hours and directions.
Blush Beauty Services has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Blush Beauty Services view the map to the right. For reviews of Blush Beauty Services see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (312) 515-2742
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 41000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Hana Express
13301 Southwest Hwy Orland Park, Illinois 60462
Jcg Agency Inc
8038 Bob O Link Rd Orland Park, Illinois 60462
Tracy Weber Design
8735 Henry St Orland Park, Illinois 60462
Dialtone Solutions
15550 Dewberry Ln Orland Park, Illinois 60462
Thrivent Fincl For Lutherans
18331 Distinctive Dr Orland Park, Illinois 60467
Tel Rep Midwest Inc
10443 Capistrano Ln Orland Park, Illinois 60467
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsTravel Film Scholarship 2017
World Nomads is inviting aspiring travel filmmakers, from any nationality, to a 12-day filmmaking trip to capture the culture and communities of Kerala, India, under the mentorship of professional travel filmmaker Brian Rapsey.
In order to apply, entrants will have to make a 3-minute documentary film interview, in English or with English subtitles, about a an amazing adventurer or inspiring traveller around one of the following themes:
- Courage
- Kindness
- Acceptance.
The video should be uploaded on YouTube or Vimeo, in order to have it publicly accessible.
The application should also include a motivation statement of 1,500 characters or less, telling the reasons for being the ideal scholarship recipient and what winning this opportunity would mean.
The winner filmaker will win a 12-day day filmmaking trip assignment in India, including a 3-day post-production workshop to edit the film, with mentorship of Brian Rapsey. The scholarships will cover airfare, accommodation and travel insurance.
Deadline to apply: 18 July 2017, 11 PM EDT.
Find out more:Top 10: Rear-engined classic cars
There was a time when the idea of having a rear-mounted engine was... well, if not the norm, then certainly far from unusual. Back in the 1960s, the choices seemed endless, and this now-alien layout was exceedingly popular. But there was a price to pay then, and today, the compromises seem even more marked. A rear-engined car can come with some rather unpredictable handling characteristics, for a start.
The simple truth is that a car with its engine behind the rear axle isn’t nimble, and could bite back in the wrong circumstances. But is that likely to bother the owner of a low-powered Fiat 500? Of course not. In fact, in some cases it can add to the overall character and enjoyment of the car. So let’s celebrate ten of the greatest rear-engined classics offered to us over the years, each one now a tempting choice on today’s classic car market. From just £2000 (or even less), rear-engined classic fun is easily achieved.
Of all the rear-engined Fiats, the ‘Nuova’ 500 of 1957 is the most iconic. Measuring just under ten feet in length and boasting a 479cc (later upgraded to 499cc) two-cylinder air-cooled engine, this smallest Fiat is now a cult classic, which has meant soaring prices.
Even the most commonplace models (like the late-model 500L) will command decent money in excellent condition, whether all-original or restored to a high standard. Rare versions attract strong money too, including the useful 500 Giardiniera estate.
WilliamRead on 9 October 2017Having driven many thousands of miles in a Skoda 130GL 1988 - 1990 and a Rapid 1990 - 1993 I did not experience any problems with the handling of the car. I think that duff handling could be entirely avoided by careful driving... I would buy another rear engined car without hesitation. Strange that many Porsche and all F1 cars are rear engined... and seem to suffer no handling problems on the autobahn or the racetrack.
peter hughes on 9 October 2017Trust me I have owned a Fiat 500 L for thirty years and yes they jolly well can be viscous,rear wheels tuck under oversteer is fast brutal and very hard to control.... a slippy corner or a bit of diesel on the roundabout and.......
I have owned numerous 911's and while the early ones- pre impact bumper- were a predictable hoot on relatively high profile tyres the first impact cars and the 930 Turbo's certainly were not. My more modern iteration is so planted I would be going at silly speeds to find any real characteristics
Add a commentEssential Calculations for Veterinary Nurses and Technicians
2nd Edition
Description.
Key Features
-
Details
- No. of pages:
- 176
- Language:
- © Butterworth-Heinemann 2009
- Published:
- 22nd September 2008
- Imprint:
- Butterworth-Heinemann
- eBook ISBN:
- 9780702059087
- eBook ISBN:
- 9780702049149
About the Author
Terry Lake
Affiliations and Expertise
Instructor, Animal Health Technology, Faculty of Science, Thompson Rivers University, Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada
Nicola Green
Affiliations and Expertise
Lecturer in Veterinary Nursing and Internal Verifier, Northumbria School of Veterinary Nursing, Newcastle College, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, UKAdd To Cart
! --- TODO add style conditional here for plus size website -->
Door to Freedom, a sequel to Side by Side, by Jana Kelley
Rania, the daughter of a wealthy Sudanese Arab, wants to find out how and why her sister suddenly disappeared. In the dusty, Islamic country of Sudan, Mia, who is raising her family in a Muslim country, has learned to boldly share her faith. She holds some answers to the disapearance. Both women learn they must independently walk through the doors of freedom that only comes with trust in God. Christians face many struggles when living under Islamic law.Twi-Hards Win Best Fans At People’s Choice
Don’t think that ‘Twilight’ went home empty handed at the Jan. 9 People’s Choice Awards because they got a pretty awesome award!
Twi-hards
“They have a very active sex life,” a source tells Star magazine. “And like handcuffs, blindfolds, and feathers.”
Kristen & Rob Are Moving.”
Posted from WordPress for BlackBerry.
I’d should look at with you here. Which isn’t anything I generally do! I get pleasure from studying a submit that might make individuals assume. Also, thanks for permitting me to remark!
You completed some good factors there. I did a search for the concern and found most people will agree using your weblog. super quick for me on Safari. Excellent Blog!
Howdy! Would you mind if I share your blog with my myspace group? There’s a lot of people that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Cheers
This site really has all of the info I wanted about this subject and didn’t know who to ask.Details
- Mon-Fri 11am-9pm, Sat 11am-4pm
- $
-
- Takeout
- Dinner, Lunch
- No Alcohol
- Reservations Not Accepted
Get the Things to Do Newsletter
Sign up for our weekly guide to events in Orange County, and never be bored again. With suggestions for every day of the week, our recommendations will keep you busy on any budget.
More Vegan Restaurants in Irvine
More Vegan Restaurants in Orange County
While the Avanti menu is strictly vegetarian, with faux meats and cheese, the steak-and-potatoes ...Fusion
Or sign in with a social account:FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO!Your software could have more protection measures to make sure its basic safety. A custom provider application development company can also improve your Remedy’s integration with other software. It will make your crew’s get the job done far more intuitive and straightforward.
This is your believed price, not a guarantee. for a whole Assessment and price tag estimate, remember to Get in touch with us and We're going to satisfy with you to discuss your needs
able to dealing with both equally external and interior systems that make use of a number of conversation protocols in the distributed and heterogeneous infrastructure, the answer delivered for the fifty% boost in Customer’s productiveness plus a ninety five% error reduction.
We current solutions that fulfill customers’ wants considerably more exactly than any off-the-shelf product or service. acquiring already concluded several business software initiatives and ensured small business automation for hundreds of purchasers, we're gurus in:
Software integration can from time to time look a very lingering system, but we accept its importance and therefore are entirely geared up for challenges. ScienceSoft’s experts ensure seamless integration of your software together with your ERP, CRM, ECM and other organization systems.
custom software development We build custom portals and dashboards to help automate and streamline enterprise procedures and present information and facts in a method that is helpful and productive.
four. custom software development neighborhood freelancers are One more good bet for a simple job. They typically charge much less than knowledgeable teams. But You aren't to count on an outstanding effectiveness of your foreseeable future software. however, many of them have special skillsets and so are praised for quick work.
equally as a match needs to be tailor-made to suit you, so should your software be customized to fit your business. Our custom software development group will design, Establish, combine, and manage a process with your organization’s specific demands and goals in your mind.
Investing into an in-house Section could become an enormous burden for your organization. You might also outsource this undertaking to China or India, which offer even reduced charges. Take into account that these nations’ coding and outputs are certainly not self-ample. In future, you might have to invest much more in the phase of support and servicing. Custom software software development services must relieve your function but not complicate it.
Protiviti architects and developers build successful and person friendly purposes applying proven frameworks leveraging the top engineering stacks. Furthermore, our crew has deep expertise in external method integration and legacy programs migration into new apps.
the expense and delay of COTS customization may even insert up to your price of developing custom software. Value isn't the only thought nonetheless, custom software development as the choice to select custom software frequently includes the requirement with the purchaser to have the resource code, to protected the potential for long term development or modifications to the mounted program.
Independently acknowledged by industry considered leaders, Itransition is regularly involved into the subsequent lists:
point out your knowledge of the company problem and why it need to look for a solving. As a result, a developer will be able to offer you feasible remedies. If fiscal strategy and solutions match you, it's possible you'll use this seller. but it really’s not the tip.
It's also vital to be sure that custom software development The seller you employed is experienced more than enough for your personal undertaking. regretably, a person Mistaken selection On this sphere might dead-finish your business. Bud Don't be concerned - the final results of meticulous need Examination will make certain your results.STELLENBOSCH - Atterbury, a South African property developer and investor is set to develop a new 15,000 square meters Medical Hospital worth R350 million in Stellenbosch.
Atterbury says it looks forward to delivering a modern, sustainable health care facility that supports Mediclinic in bringing even more of the best available care to the Winelands community for years to come.
It is understood that the development of a bigger private hospital responds to an increasing demand by the community and will mean residents of Stellenbosch and Winelands surrounding areas will no longer have to travel long distances to access specialist medical services.
Western Cape Development Manager for Atterbury, Gerrit van den Berg says, "This is our first project for Mediclinic, and it is an exciting development for Atterbury. As Stellenbosch is a very historic and protected town, Atterbury has taken special care to get the relevant approvals such as environmental, rezoning, and building plans".
The company revealed that the hospital is located along the R44 Strand Road, at the corner of Elsie du Toit Drive and the new building is designed to meet Mediclinic’s specifications, but also includes special design features that reflect its unique location in Stellenbosch.
The construction of Mediclinic Stellenbosch began in May this year, and the new hospital is scheduled for completion in March 2019.
Atterbury has got over 22 years years experience in property development and investment. It has established a national and international track record of developing, investing and managing quality properties and building long-term relationships.
- BUSINESS REPORT ONLINEDomaine Corinne Perchaud - Chablis 2014Seductive Finish
Free UK Delivery
Available 13th Feb 2018
12x 75cl Bottles £194.30
Available 13th Feb 2018
Producer Information
Key Information
- AppellationChablis
- BrandDomaine Corinne Perchaud
- RegionBurgundy
Other Information
- ABV12.5%
- Grape TypeChardonnay
- Quality DesignationAC
- Type of closureNatural Cork
- Vintage2014.We awoke to brilliant sunshine and joined the throngs of people migrating their way towards the Tsuglagkhang Temple Complex where the Dalai Lama was due to speak. People were pretty excited as they made their way down the hills and we certainly were too. We weren’t the first to arrive by any stretch of the imagination but we were early enough to get some pretty good seats.
The Dalai Lama himself was speaking from a central enclosed room and the crowds were sat outside on two floors. He was going to be broadcast on screens and over speakers which were spread out around the complex. While he was going to speak in Tibetan there were signs up everywhere indicating that he would be broadcast simultaneously in a variety of other languages. We sat patiently waiting for the Dalai Lama and our radios to be handed out in order to hear the English translation.
Unfortunately the radios didn’t appear you apparently had to bring your own and the crowd was getting fuller and fuller so we decided to wait and just see what happened. He arrived about 45 mins early and we were lucky enough to be about 5 foot away from him as he walked passed. He somehow exuded an air of calm and tranquility. He sat in his room and was miked up and started speaking, the first thing we noticed was what a wonderful laugh he had. He chatted for a while then began leading the chanting and his voice resonated wonderfully around the complex.
We couldn’t understand what was going on so decided to go off in search of a radio. I have to say I am a little disappointed in the ingenuity of the Tibetans as while the streets were lined with shops selling so much crap there wasn’t a shop seller for miles who was smart enough to be renting out radios. We found our man at the top of town and hurried back to the complex radio in hand.
By the time we got back the place was packed so we sat in the sunshine and tuned in to the wise words of the Dalai Lama. The translator had not been given a copy of the speech so was having to translate as he went along. I am sure we missed vast swathes of what was said but we heard enough to make us happy and content. While it was a bit of a fiasco overall it was quite a moving experience to get to hear such a man speak and we left the complex feeling happy.
The sun was shining and it was perfect weather for hiking so we set off up the steep hill through McLeod Gang and Dharamkot into a pine forest. As we got away from the hustle and bustle of the town we felt wonderful as we breathed in the cool fresh air and enjoyed some quiet time just walking and enjoying the scenery. We picked a trek which was going to take us to a waterfall and wasn’t going to involve too much going up and down.
The walk was beautiful, offering views down the valley back towards McLeod Ganj and when we got to the end we scrambled up the side of the waterfall and found a lovely place to sit and rest a while. We were debating going for a swim but when we dipped our feet into the water they went numb from cold within seconds! So a dip of the feet and a wetting of the caps was enough.
We haven’t been doing much hiking at all in India so by the time we got back to the hotel we were both a little sore and in need of a rest. Still we were happy to be back in the mountains and finally enjoying the foothills of the Himalayas. T
The first part of the walk where we climbed up through this beautiful pine forest.
The view down over the upper parts of McLeod Ganj down towards Dharamsala.
The view the other way toward the snow capped upper mountains of the Himalayas.
It was a beautiful walk along the side of the valley.
Just wonderful to see the clear blue waters of the waterfall. How clean!
A small shop set up beside the waterfall complete with dog and monk!
Great spot for a rest.
While it looked inviting…it was Baltic!
Now that’s a view from the table for lunch.
The town of McLeod Ganj wrapping itself around the tops of the hills.
I have been itching to try my hand at a Through the Mail autograph and I thought this would be a nice one to try to get. I can't imagine Don gets a lot of Kansas City Athletics stuff to sign so I started doing some digging and getting a letter together when I found that Mr. Larsen charges for autographs and will send a price list back if you send things to him to sign. The price list doesn't include the cost of having a card signed and the closest I could get is 8 x 10 glossy of a photo of five cards for $10.00. I'd probably pay $10 to have him sign the card but $10 for a photo? No thanks.
4 comments:
Maybe it's me, but a price list!? That just strikes me as all kinds of wrong.
Price list, uh uh.
Some guys do this. Some current notes on www dot sportscollectors dot net say he charges $7 for a card.
At least if the guy charges, you know you stand a pretty good shot of getting the card back.
Good luck.Denis Labelle
Denis Labelle is a music teacher at Ecole Patriotes De Beauharnois located in Beauharnois, Quebec. Denis Labelle has yet to be rated on RateMyTeachers.com. Ecole Patriotes De Beauharnois ranks 90 in Quebec. Additionally, the average teacher rating at Ecole Patriotes De Beauharnois is 4.43 stars. Be the first to leave a review by clicking here.
Write the first review for Denis Labelle
Similar music teachers like Denis Labelle?
Colette Bourgeois Music
Véronique Plourde Music
Carine Girard Music
Looking for another Denis Labelle?
Mrs. Labelle Education Teacher
831 Beaverhill Blvd, Winnipeg, Manitoba R2J 3K1, Canada
311 Rue Inglewood, Pointe Claire, Quebec H9R 2Z8, Canada
50 Bristol Rd W, Mississauga, Ontario L5R 3K3, Canada
André Labelle Religion/Math Teacher
3535 Boul Rosemont, Montreal, Quebec H1X 1K7, Canada
Learn more about Ecole Patriotes De Beauharnois
5-star
87%
4-star
4%
3-star
4%
2-star
1%
1-star
1%
Ecole Patriotes De Beauharnois is located in Beauharnois, Quebec with an average teacher rating of 4.43 stars. When comparing Ecole Patriotes De Beauharnois' teachers to other teachers in the province of Quebec, Ecole Patriotes De Beauharnois' teachers are above the average of 4.39 stars. Ecole Patriotes De Beauharnois ranks 88 amongst all High Schools in the province of Quebec. Learn MoreMedia Professes Ignorance about Shithole Countries…Is Trump Right?by...
Recent CommentsWilliam Marshall Dratel and his firm, The Dratel Group, Inc., were both expelled from the securities industry by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) also imposed sanctions on the firm for allegedly engaging in a trading scheme in which Dratel picked profitable day trades for his own account and designated the non-profitable trades for his customers' accounts. Through his scheme, Dratel's clients lost more than $200,000 in their discretionary accounts and Dratel profited about $489,000. FINRA is requiring Dratel to disgorge all profits from the scheme.
Radio Show Host Barred by the SEC
Washington, D.C. based financial advisor and radio talk show host, Dawn Bennett, and her firm, Bennett Financial Group, have been barred by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC announced their charges of fraud against Bennett in September 2015. Leading up to these charges, Bennett has been the subject of multiple client complaints. Early this year, Bennett failed to appear and testify at the SEC hearing.Tyron.ball needed a new wordpress theme design and created a contest on 99designs.
A winner was selected from 21 designs submitted by 5 freelance designers.
Optimising the Sales Force Australia
Optimising the Sales Force Australia is an Australian company who along with running our annual sales conference, provide a range of sales professional related services. We primarily work with large corporates and well established brands who are looking to optimise their sales methods and teams.
Large Australian corporations
Please find attached a document which provides the site structure and an idea of the content / layout we are interested in for the home page and menu.
For this project, we require:
- The design of the home page to be completed
- A blank template (with design but no content) for additional pages
- Within the attached document you will find the site structure. We would like the menu created in line with this (with drop downs) and for each menu item to link to a unique blank page (which we can later populate ourselves)
Please feel free to ask any questions.
Thanks!The inventory as well as calculate the product cost for a manufacturing or service setting. One is the financial analysis. Another would be the product inventory report. Whereas, the first-out method is utilized to know inventory valuation and cost of products sold.
Both job order and process costing are the two vital cost systems in accounting. In particular, a job order costing system is utilized by manufacturing businesses that make small quantities or sets of identifiable products or services. What constitutes a "job" from an accounting standpoint? This can be categorized by the steps of its production cycle: planned for but not yet started, manufacture in process, and completed.
Another primary product costing system is the process costing system. It is utilized by manufacturing companies that is able to produce large quantities of homogeneous products like bricks, gasoline, detergent and breakfast cereal. Using these in a situation, the output will be homogeneous. Hence, for a certain time, one unit of output cannot be readily identified with specific input costs, so that there is possible cost flow assumption. This allows accountants from companies to assign costs to products, even if there is no research on actual physical flow of units.
Upon comparing the said two factors in business analysis, the continuous flow of units and the indistinguishable units are seen. Which one is better? The process costing allows a more complicated method. While job order costing is just right for companies endowing products or services that are only produced in limited quantities according to consumer demands and specifications. In contrast, process costing allows an accumulation and assign of costs to the products in manufacture. This costing method is the choice by makers like candle crafters, candy products, bricks, gasoline, paper, and food products as well as a lot more.
Another point to consider is that a job cost sheet is not needed for process costing, because its main tasks are geared on the departments. Instead, a production report is utilized. It is a summary of number of products moving through a department in occasions, and it also allows a computation of unit costs. Moreover, this report can show what costs were exhausted by the department and what disposition was done on these costs. The department production report is a vital document in a process costing system.
Part time CFO services UAEHorses.
‘What brings me joy are the inspiring, goose-bumping, enlightening rescue stories of exhilarating triumph, quiet meditative wisdom, life-changing moments and powerful self-healing.’People can make money in many different ways. While certain people focus hard on making a great amount of money, there are a few who work hard on investing right. Several varied ways of investing money have come around now and then you can make an immense amount of money too if you are in the right option. Trading has been used extensively by people to win a lot of currency and there are many different kinds of trading options available too nowadays. An intelligent way of making money will be at your disposal if you choose to opt for CFD trading. This trading option will allow you to help some interesting strategies to produce a fantastic amount of wealth.
A new progress in the world of trading and investment that has captured immense attention is CFD or Contracts for difference. This instrument of trade can be used to invest money in the market for a very long term perspective depending on the freedom of movement of prices. The purchase or the sale of a single investment option in a future time based on current price point is permitted with this trading contract. Brokers with a great know-how of what CFDs are all about and how it’s done are people who can make big earnings here.
Cisco Systems Inc. (CSCO) will report its fiscal second-quarter after the close of trading on Wednesday. Since so many investors have been burned here, this could be a make-or-break quarter for the networking giant. It seems as though the bar has been set low for this report, but the company remains plagued by order weakness in China and many emerging markets. As far as why the bar is set low, the expectations are that this quarter and next quarter sales and …
Great success can be obtained in a really short time frame if you have wisely invested your money in CFD Singapore. You won?t have to worry when investing in this area, because the whole process involved is quite easy. In order to make a great amount of money in this trading option, it would be better to gain immense knowledge about the investment type and the product you want to consider for trading. The going long strategy is a smart way of approaching this investment option as it?s safer and better for newcomers who’ll find this trading quite risky. You can generate a great amount of money if the right strategy is used with CFD trading.
The task of making a lot of money is one that cannot be achieved by just about anyone. There are many different ways in which great wealth can be attained. You will wish to opt for a settlement that gives a number of the best returns and it’ll be possible with CFDs. Once you keep your hands on this interesting trading option, you’ll be in a position to make a lot of money easily. The big life will be yours for the taking with this innovative money making solution.
Discount volume day trading is either of the most taken options simply because it costs less once all of the fees are calculated in by the broker. This way there are a number of opportunities to make a profit on several trades rather that long term trades held past the period of a day trading period. Taking advantage of an option such as discount volume trading, when it is offered by your agent can be beneficial to making you some money from profit earnings.
Margin day trading is made possible by brokers who’ll be prepared to risk a part of the funds that you require to make a trade decision. This works just like a loan does from a bank and will often require that the borrower/trader repay it as soon as possible during the day trading cycle. This can be extended into the next day but interest fees will most probably be incurred and this will vary from broker to broker and only available on promising leads. This can be very dangerous for borrowers as if they lose money, they end up owing more to the factor in the long run.
Stock trading in this particular area involves a search for markets, indices and securities that can generate massive returns. Going short is a strategy that is used by traders interested in the front act of selling contracts and it is very popular. This basically involves the acquisition of contracts when the prices have fallen. Real time advantages are offered here because it can be used for short term gains. Large investors opt for the CFD pairs trading strategy which involves trading on related shares and instruments who behave in accordance with each other.
QUESTION: How are the earnings from Options trading reported to IRS by brokers?I have some earnings from trading in options on stocks in the share market. My broker has informed me that no form 1099 is issued in respect of earnings from options trading. That being so, how does the IRS know what earnings an options trader had in a given year?
The IRS will not know from the brokerage firms reporting what profit you have earned from trading options. However is subsuquent years they might uncover your brokerage account statements and discover the under reporting there. A reminder you can deduct trading and financial advisory expense in certian cases. ( this expenses might offset your trading profits). Check with your tax advisor
They are not reported.
Options trading is a very complex issue to which there could be an exception but generally I have found that all the options trades are reported. The taxpayer is responsible to calculate the earnings as they are with stock sales. If the taxpayer fails to correctly calculate and keep records to prove that gain or loss to the IRS should they be subject to an audit the taxpayer has a major problem. Brokers are some times unreliable when it comes to tax law.A good friend of mine warned me that at some point it would strike me that this place was my home and that patterns of behavior would emerge. I’d say this has come to fruition, but its been gradual. Life on this little island has become dare I say, routine. Let me indulge in the description of a typical Monday commute.
It’s Monday morning. 6:00, 6:10, 6:20, 6:27. I get up.
My throat’s sore from the cold-dry breeze blowing in the window. Most nights the window stays open to exhaust my rugged farts-results of my Korean diet high in spicy peppers, garlic, and ginger. Perhaps, this is why Korean couples traditionally do not live together before marriage.
I heat water and flip on the laptop. Check E-mails, look @ facebook, zone out, wait for Green tea, 녹차, to steep. Breakfast is PB&J (toasted if I have time) OR rice with soy milk and assorted toppings OR egg toast with honey mustard and extra pepper OR, a new one, bean toast (beans on toast, nothing special).
I typically don’t shower. Our place lacks the water pressure or quick draw hot water to break the chilly morn. Monday means clean clothes. Other days this might not be the case. It depends on my mood and dry time (24-48 on the line for cotton garments). We don’t have a dryer.
I leave at 7:20 to make it to the ferry in time. A taxi (pronounced taexshee) picks me u…
Honk!
It’s 7:17 not 7:20. I strap on my ankle brace and and search for the last of my items-book potentially explaining Korea(check), broken MP3 player(no check), good luck pendant necklace with glow-in-the-dark beetle, (check check).
Honk! OK, now it’s 7:20. I say goodbye to my “wife” and wrestle the steal door open. Outside, next to the random cars that park in our yard, is my man the cab driver.
The taxi driver’s a middle aged Korean gentleman. He’s friendly, balding, and pudgy. I forget his name. Sometimes he teaches me new words. Today it’s 비 (bee), rain, as in: today it might rain so I hope you know how to deal with that. Body language fills in a lot of gaps.
The ride is a gorgeous morning show of agrarian splendor. The sun rising over mountains defrosts the fields and my morning attitude. Typically farmers are already up tending to the crops. Taxi costs 8,000 won.
동천에 (dong-cheon), is the ferry harbor. I’m greeted by a host of familiar characters. The frog voiced bus driver and his associates chain smoking by the ticket booth/snack shop. The 50-something man with the red ball cap who says “hello. nice to meet you” and slaps me on the back with a smile. The ticket lady who’s always over dressed with a thick layer of makeup. The ticket lady’s mother who scoots about the scene cleaning and BSing with the regulars.
Today’s new site is an 아주마 (ajuma, grandmother) with a pig strapped down inside a basket, squealing. There’s always new sites and sounds to engage the imagination. I’ll not run with that for now.
Anyways, 1,600 won takes me to 소안 (so-an) where I teach the youth. My ride is a ferry en route from the mainland connected island-Wando. The ferry docks and releases a stream of vehicles and passengers. I hand my ticket off to the ferryman who either yells at me or smiles depending on the day and amount of unloading traffic.
The passenger room on the second deck of the ferry smells like a nursing home. The 온돌 (ondol) floor is littered with snozzing bodies covered by jackets and face masks. The scene’s like something from a cult mass suicide save a few travelers propped up chatting or staring at the TV in the corner (they’re usually zoned out enough to pass for traumatized survivors). Outside the cabin is the deck that looks out over the passing archipelago. The passing scene of islands, fisherman, and a matrix of buoys is incredible; an everyday beauty that’s astonishingly uplifting.
A tune from the static speaker signals imminent arrival. I take the stairs down to the main deck and navigate the maze of autos to reach the bow. The front gate lowers as the ferry drifts into position on the concrete launch. Bodies pile out and storm the awaiting taxis.
My co teachers and I coagulate and snag a taxi. The driver is one of four fellows. A 30-something dude with a military haircut and an obsessively clean ride (he shot me a dirty glance once for setting my beg on the seat next to me); a chipper gentleman with big pockmarked cheeks the likes of a Koren howdy-doody; a surly older man who always mumbles things to himself and yells at traffic “in the way”; the elusive, jolly heavyset chain smoker whom I believe runs the cab op. He often picks up ajumas on the way and refuses payment. My ride costs 3,000 won.
My co-teachers have figured out that my rides are reimbursed so I’m typically expected to pay these days. In the beginning I rarely payed for anything, but such is the splendid hospitality granted to newcomers in Korea. All good things must come to an end. The commute’s usually 18,000 won (~$18) there and back. Considering I could almost swim to Soan it’s a little exorbitant, but I’m thankful to have my place with my girlfriend (the school pays for it anyway). I won’t pretend to understand the logic behind budgeting of funds around here neither do I think too much about the carbon footprint, etc.
I arrive at school. Say goodbye to the driver and walk into school. I change into “teacher shoes” that used to be my TEVAS (lost), but are now some pixel sized korean slips. I shuffle into the office, flip on my desk PC, and put throw together a lesson for my first class.
So begins Monday.
I couldn’t leave the blog hanging with yesterdays English major post so here’s something a little more conversational.
Ross. Your mom gave me your blog site and this is the first time reading it. I think even though u may think it’s routine I think it’s just wonderful that u are getting a chance to experience the different cultures. I love Korean food but u are right about the pungent smells!!! So u like Kim chee? I ate some one day and a pts daughter could still smell it on me the following day!!! They use alot of garlic that it comes out of your pores!!!! Keep up the vocabulary. Soon u will be fluent, eh? Enjoying your blogging, Patty Yoshimura.
Thanks Patty. It may sound like I’m getting a bit bored, but I’m really thankful to have this incredible opportunity. Life is life lived anywhere ya go, but digging the new flavors. Kim-chee’s more than just a food here, but more like a symbol of cultural pride-the perfect food. You really can’t not like it although I admit I wouldn’t pair it with every meal. glad you like the blog.
We
loved reading about the start to your days. It does sound so “foreign” but sure sounds interesting from the way you describe things. Dont worry, more shoes are on the way soon!
Love you, Mom & Dad
Thanks guys, love you too.
Can’t get enough of yer daily Korean trials taxis and tribulations. For real man, I dig the blog.
I appreciate the props bud. Makes it all worth while.
When I lived in Korea I worked on Jindo and I worked a rotation of 7 schools, one of which included a ferry ride and all of which involved some travel. I got tired of paying for all the taxis, etc, so I bought a motorcycle (a 150cc bike). Best. Decision. Ever. It cost me 400,000 and I sold it, a year later, for 400,000. It was great in that not only did it give me more time in the mornings, but it also allowed me to explore the island and neighboring Haenam (and even occasionally drive all the way to Mokpo). It’s something you might want to look into.
I’ve thought alot about the motorbike route. It would be a great way to check out the area although it’s so small that one can get about anywhere on foot. I’d love to take the bike off Island and explore, very cool.We interrupt our regularly scheduled Ask Your Candidate series because we can’t keep this exciting news under wraps anymore…
Help us empower Toronto voters with the Position Primer!
Today, we are launching a crowdfunding campaign to build the Position Primer, an easy-to-use website that will help Torontonians make informed decisions in the upcoming City Council race. We’re really excited about it!
Toronto voters who visit the Position Primer need only enter their postal codes to access a ward-specific chart that details their Council candidates’ stances on city-wide issues such as transportation, childcare and affordable housing, as well as major concerns that are unique to each ward. Learn more by visiting our crowdfunding page.
By simplifying the decision-making process, Women in Toronto Politics founder Steph Guthrie believes this tool will encourage more Torontonians to get out the vote. Guthrie also argues that the Position Primer “will provide equitable opportunity for all candidates to share their campaign platforms with a wider audience, regardless of the resources at their disposal.”
The Position Primer has already accrued impressive endorsements from supporters like Alison Loat, co-founder of non-partisan democracy think-tank Samara Canada. Loat says the Position Primer will “provide Toronto voters with the trusted, impartial information they need to feel confident about exercising their democratic voice.”
Funds raised from the crowdfunding campaign will support the design, development and promotion of the Position Primer, ensuring that it is user-friendly and reaches as many voters as possible.
Women in Toronto Politics hosts a launch party for the Position Primer crowdfunding campaign on July 29th from 7:00-9:00pm at the Monarch Tavern. We hope to see you there. And in the meantime, please check out the campaign and spread the word!STOCKTON - Nearly two dozen police officers were dispatched to Bear Creek High School on Thursday afternoon to stop a large fight on campus, authorities said.
STOCKTON -..
TR.House-Biographies of Highly Appreciated Residential Buildings (1900 – now)
This project is supported by the Swiss National Science Foundation snsf and the ‘Liegenschaftenverwaltung’ of the city of Zurich. Its aim is to examine the durability of multi-family residential buildings as seen from a cultural, historical perspective. Drawing on various concepts of quality, the project focuses on a select number of residential buildings in Zurich from different periods in the 20th century and analyses their longevity, that is, their biography.
Residential architecture is characterised by a high degree of longevity. This implies an anchorage in regional practices as well as the dependence on the acceptance of the users who are, on their part, shaped by these conventions. It is very appropriate to focus on residential architecture insofar as the level of complexity of the expected results – including social, economic, architectural and urban-cultural elements – draws on this entire spectrum. We thus are interested in particularly durable ‘everyday’ architecture. We assume that by analysing highly appreciated residential buildings that were built with different building quality standards and for different societal groups, it is possible to gain new knowledge on the various social, cultural, and material qualities inherent in this durability.
The project offers a cultural, historical expansion of the primarily technological perspective of previous studies. It includes the perspective of the users and a focus on the way the architecture has been evaluated by the inhabitants, the owners, and the public throughout the life span of the building. In this way, it is possible to direct focused attention on those properties and conditions of quality that contribute to the durability of a building and which can be traced across generations.The Philip Leverhulme Prize is open to Legal Scholars every three years.
The prize is for £100,000 to be used over two or three years, for research expenses, research assistance or for teaching replacement.
Read the scheme guidance on the Leverhulme Trust website.
Each institution is limited to 3 nominations/applications in any prize subject. Oxford's internal selection process will be managed by the Social Sciences Divisional Office.
The Leverhulme Trust has clear guidelines on its approach to grant-making. Members of the Faculty have been awarded quite a few grants by the Leverhulme Trust over the last few years, however we have only been awarded two Philip Leverhulme Prizes.
Funder deadline: 17th May 2017
Research Services deadline: 10th May 2017 (-5)
Faculty deadline for first draft: tbc
Faculty deadline for expression of interest: 20th March 2017 - so that we can inform the SSD of the level of interest, for a selection process to be set up.I consider myself to have been saved on September 22, 2010. However, I only pursued the Lord in a lackadaisical fashion for some time after that. The turning point was about this time last year. I distinctly remember sitting in the restroom at about 4:45 PM on a Saturday, on the phone with a friend, asking if “that Mount Zion church still had their Saturday night service going on?”
Well, the rest, as we know it, is history. It would be impossible to sum up an entire year’s worth of experience, spiritual growth, development, new friends, and knowledge I’ve gained in so many respects. By any objective standard, a third party observer could take a look at me and say I was a fairly successful person – I’m halfway through law school, I owe almost nothing in student loans, I’ve kept my health, et cetera.
But they could have said that a year ago, too. And the truth is, a year ago, I was so lost in my spiritual and personal walk that it wasn’t even funny. I attended the law school’s Halloween party in 2011. I can’t peg a precise date when I started attending Mount Zion, but I know it was less than two weeks after that party. And it wasn’t exactly the right place to be. (picture not safe for families)
I could go on about how the summer of 2012 was probably the best summer I’ve had. And the title picture I used encapsulated the entire summer in a profound way. We were at The Greene and on a whim I decided to give this guy a dollar (the only dollar all five of us had), at which time he starts playing Amazing Grace. Some guy jumps out of a passing car, runs up to us, shouts “Praise the Lord!” while showing us an enormous tattoo of Jesus and John 3:16 on his arms.
So then Ashley (the young lady in the picture) joins him in hooping and hollering about Jesus. Meanwhile, I was completely stoked, it made my whole day. For that matter, it made my week. All my life, I’ve come to expect the polar opposite – if you mention God in public, you’ll get shouted down and told to be quiet. Not here, and not this day!
Rather than attempt to describe my entire experience since then, I’m just going to make a shout out to everyone who played a role in my spiritual growth, breakthroughs, and general peace that I’ve achieved lately. This is in no particular order, except for who came to mind.
First off, I remain forever thankful for Jesus. For dying for me and loving me forever and never giving up, even when I’m an intractable sinner. I’m thankful that Your grace overflows and is enough for all of us. I know that I repeatedly fail at living up to Your standards, and I repent those sins.
I’m thankful for my parents, both of which have provided financial, moral, and (in the case of my father) spiritual support and growth over the past year. I hope you understand how much you’ve managed to do for me, Dad.
I’m thankful to have been blessed with a growing circle of friends that are also pressing into Jesus with all their hearts. I’ve leaned on a lot of you over the past year, especially when looking for spiritual support. That immediate list includes, in no particular order, Brent and Cliff Engels, Matt and Clint Holderman, their mom Aurora, Eric McComas, Jake Crawford, Nathan Stroble and his father Larry, Tiffany Presley, Caitlin and Stephen O’Guin, and their father Jeff for his timely and often hard-hitting sermons that led to great breakthrough.
Hats off to Tommie Culpepper for his advice that probably meant the difference between making it through law school or not. And for Grace, who is probably the only teenage girl I know of who doesn’t tune out when the subject turns to politics or economics.
A salute to Rosemary Bradford, Wanda Peden, and Glenn Laack for ramrodding the logistics behind healing prayer training this past summer. To the other healing prayer team members who I’ve received enormous breakthroughs with – Sarah Blosser, Ashley O’Neal, Geoff Griffith, Abby Granato, Barb Beckley, and I’m sure I’m missing a few more here.
To the Monday night men’s group that I haven’t already mentioned – Dave Stanford, Matt Porter, Joe Martin, Rick Vice, Mike Bates, Phil Granato.
To Jack and Jenni McComas, for the numerous breakthroughs that have occurred at SHOP, when the Lord opens up the floodgates of heaven and truly lets it rains.
To the friends in Northern Kentucky who have contributed to my growth, too – Katie Smolkovich and Sarah Burress. You guys are some of the only friends I still have in the area.
To everyone else who played a role, I hope I’m not forgetting anyone. Caleb, Carson, Dani, Sunny, Keith, Shannon, Mandie, Paige… and yeah, I’m sure I’ve forgotten a LOT of people. But I’m still thankful for everyone nevertheless.
Here is to sincerely hoping that 2013 is an even greater year. Praise the Lord! Nothing that has happened has been an accident. It has all been in accordance with His plan.Big eels go on the feed and 8lb 10oz fish is banked
Above is the picture of a massive 8lb 10oz eel that tops an incredible week for the species in which another two huge fish of 8lb 9oz and 7lb 11oz were landed from different waters across the country.
Andy Nellist was the proud captor of the biggest fish of the prolific spell, the new personal best, caught from a Bucks stillwater, providing the highlight of a five-year quest for big eels.
Despite having to constantly re-bait his size 4 hook with lobworms after being pestered by crayfish throughout his overnight session, Andy’s persistence finally paid off when he struck into the specimen – that measured 49ins long with a 10ins girth and beats his pb for the species by 8oz.
And the Hertfordshire-based angler is of the opinion that if you’re looking for a reason why this trio of huge fish has been landed within the space of a week you need to look no further than the weather.
“It was the hottest April for 100 years and this saw the eels go on the feed early. The colder wind at the end of the month really stirred the water up, making for perfect conditions,” Andy told Angling Times.
Also landing a monster eel this week was Dave O’Sullivan, the National Anguila Club member’s 30-year eel obsession culminating in a session at a Northamptonshire stillwater that saw him take the 8lb 9oz fish of a lifetime.
Doubling the 45-year-old’s personal best, the fish proved to be the peak of a pursuit that’s seen him target no other species for the last 30 years. The specimen falling to the Leamington Spa-based angler’s John Sidley rig baited with a small roach deadbait.
Giving the NAC yet more reason to celebrate was the club’s general secretary Mark Salt, with a specimen eel of 7lb 11oz.
“It still hasn’t sunk in yet because it doesn’t seem real that I’ve landed a fish that’s been in my dreams since I was a boy,” Mark told AT.
“I’ve been fishing for eels from the beginning of April until the end of October every year since I can remember and never lost faith because I knew if I remained confident and used the knowledge that I’ve built up over the years, I’d get my reward.”
Mark set his sights on a southern gravel pit and, after moving swims following a tip-off from a carp angler that he’d seen a huge eel in another part of the lake, took his specimen by suspending lobworms above the weed.
The same tactics also fooled a handful of other eels weighing 4lb 6oz, 4lb and 3lb.
Word Press asks us to use Google Maps to show you an important place in our lives and write about it. I’ve decided to show you where i grew up.
I was born in Utica, NY and moved to New Hartford, NY, a tiny suburb, when I was 18 months old to a house my father built for us with my grandfather’s help. My father taught building construction at the local high school and he was a master carpenter as was my grandfather. Building trade teachers from the local high school who were colleagues of my father helped with the plumbing, electrical, and masonry work. It was a labor of love and my parents lived there all their lives. It was a wonderful place to grow up, surrounded by an acre and a half of woods where we played and ice-skated and walked and collected pine cones and made little villages and rode our bikes in the logging trails next door.
I went to school at the parochial grammar school. St. John’s. in New Hartford. I still have my best friends from those school days though we now live thousands of miles apart. I had my first crush on a boy in fifth grade from that school, who convinced his father to drive through a snow storm on Valentine’s Day to bring me a box of candy. He passed away last year from heart disease, leaving a wife and 10 children, after years in the District Attorney’s office working with abused and neglected children. His rival is now one of my closest friends whom I email nearly ever day about all sorts of things. He’s the smartes person I know. My best girlfriend now lives in Buffalo, but we spend countless hours at each other’s houses, playing nun and talking about the Kennedys. We lost touch when we went to separate high schools, but found each other again several years ago. My oldest friend and very first crush from the fourth grade I still keep in contact with. We had lunch one day when I lived in Albany and he was in town to repair an organ, because that’s what he does. He was one of twelve children. His mother passed away this week. I also keep in touch with another girl from my class and her older sister who road my school bus. These people I am still connected to after all these years.
I went to high school in the city, at Utica Catholic Academy. There were two Catholic girls’ high schools and I wanted to go to the other school where most of my friends were going, but my parents insisted I go to UCA. They thought it was more prestigious and in a better neighborhood. The other was downtown, near my father’s school. I liked my school and made friends. I keep in touch with my best friend from school. Coincidentally, she too lives in Texas, as do I. We went to the same university until we had a falling out and she transferred to a school in Missouri to be with her sister. When I was in high school, every Wednesday, I took the bus downtown with my friends and we went to the museum or library or shops, then I took another bus to my grandparents’ home and had dinner with them and my uncle. I loved my Wednesday visits to their home. I would do my homework and we would talk about my life, then my uncle would take me home or my father would come to pick me up. I felt listened to and loved there. It was a welcome break from being at home where my mother seemed to be perpetually angry with me and critical of me, and where I had to compete with my extrovert brother and my underachieving sister for attention.
New Hartford was close to the Adirondacks so we often went to visit our relatives who lived in the Tug Hill Plateau region at the base of the mountains on family farms. We went to summer camp in the Adirondacks. We were also close to lakes and spent many hours at Sylvan Beach near Oneida, where there was an amusement park as well as a beach. We were not too far from Lake Ontario, one of the Great Lakes, which brought us a good deal of snowfall in the winter but not quite as much as Syracuse, 50 miles to the west. My father had a snowplow contraption that we affectionately called the doodlebug that he plowed our long driveway with as we watched from the windows of the kitchen and my parents’ bedroom.
I went away to university to Niagara Falls, NY and then went on to live in Albany, NY for 20 years. From there, I moved to San Antonio, TX where I currently reside. I still miss New Hartford, as parochial as it was. My sister lives in Utica, across the street from where I went to high school and my brother lives up the hill from where my parents lived. My nieces live in the area, too. Sometimes I think about moving back. I don’t know if I could take the snow and the cold again. But I miss my hometown.DOTHAN - James L. Smith, Troy University's coordinator for public safety at the Dothan Campus, has recently published his fifth textbook, "Crisis Management for Law Enforcement." The text, published by Carolina Academic Press, will help law enforcement leaders form a foundation for decision making during emergencies and time-limited events.
Smith has previously published textbooks regarding weapons of mass destruction, tactical medicine and law enforcement leadership. He also serves as an adjunct faculty member for the Criminal Justice Department at Troy University, teaching in the classroom on the Dothan Campus and online with eTROY.
As coordinator for public safety, Smith oversees all aspects of safety and security for TROY's Dothan Campus. He has more than 25 years of law enforcement experience, and served as the chief of the Cottonwood Police Department before coming to TROY. Prior to that, he was a captain in the Dothan Police Department where he served as executive assistant to the police chief and as 911 Coordinator for the Dothan/Houston County communications district.
Smith has an undergraduate degree from Troy University and a master's degree from the University of Southern California. He is a certified police chief and holds an Alabama Peace Officer Standards Commission certification as a Law Enforcement Executive. Smith serves as a peer reviewer for the journal Inside Homeland Security and sits on the board of the American Board of Law Enforcement Experts.See how we continued to meet the evolving energy needs of our customers and BC in our corporate report.
Experiencing a power outage? View our outage map for details.
This past winter season, many parts of our electricity service territory experienced extremely low temperatures – some areas were the coldest in 17 years. With colder weather, energy use was higher than usual, which was reflected on customer bills.
Recently, we had customers with lots of questions about their electricity winter bills and rates.
Amy and Carol took to Twitter to answer questions that customer sent in, check them out:
See more customer questions on our Youtube channel.
One of the best ways to reduce energy use in your home is to understand how it is being used. This image shows the average consumption in a single family home.
We also offer free conservation programs for income-qualified customers and incentives for those wanting to make energy-efficient upgrades to their homes. Learn more about these programs.
Customers who wish to discuss their bills or how to save energy can call our customer service team.Widow Sues Monsanto Over Husband’s Cancer
Above photo: Teri McCall, the widow of a Vietnam veteran and California farmer Jack McCall, has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Monsanto, alleging the company purposely downplayed the cancer risk from exposure to its herbicide Roundup.
Cambria, CA – today 40..”
Duke, Teri and Jack McCall’s dog, died from lymphoma about three years ago, at the young age of six years-old.
In recent news, France, The Netherlands, Sweden and Italy have raised concerns over the herbicide’s health risks and have successfully postponed a vote to relicense the controversial chemical in the European Union.
- jack’s grannyJuly 15, 2003
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. Applicants to the Purdue University freshman class of 2006 will be required to take a writing test, which will first be offered in 2005 as part of the SAT and ACT college entrance exams.
Douglas L. Christiansen, dean of admissions and assistant vice president for enrollment management, said the additional testing component will be required by Purdue University West Lafayette, Purdue University Calumet, Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne and Purdue University North Central. He said most top-ranked public universities, including the Georgia Institute of Technology, Penn State, the University of Illinois at Champaign-Urbana, the University of Texas at Austin, Indiana University, Ohio State University, the University of Michigan and the University of Wisconsin, also will require students to take the test.
"In order to remain competitive with our peer institutions, we feel it is imperative that we require this new component," Christiansen said. "The development of effective writing skills is critical to an individual's success in his or her educational and workplace experiences. By including the new writing component in our admission evaluation criteria, we will continue to enhance the depth and breadth of the quality of students we are able to enroll and retain for our programs."
Gaston Caperton, president of the College Board, which administers the SAT, said the additional writing component will provide universities like Purdue another tool to evaluate prospective students.
"By requiring writing for admission and emphasizing the importance of writing throughout college, Purdue is providing a tremendous service to its students," Caperton said.
Purdue Provost Sally Mason said the requirement also will reap long-term benefits.
"Investment in writing skills will enrich the academic lives of Purdue students and will ensure they are well-prepared for the demands of the workplace," Mason said.
The writing test for both the ACT and SAT will be structured to measure skills necessary for effective writing. The essay will be scored by at least two writing teachers who will independently evaluate students' ability to organize ideas, express ideas clearly, support a main idea and use conventions of standard written English.
The writing test will be a required part of every SAT. The writing score will be reported as a third component on SAT score reports, along with the critical reading (formerly verbal) and math components. The writing portion also will be scored on the familiar 200-800 scale and will include a sub-score for the essay. Whereas the top score on the current SAT is a combined score of 1600, the addition of the writing component will increase the SAT top score to 2400.
For the ACT, the writing test will be offered as an option. Students taking an ACT must register to taking the writing component to satisfy Purdue admission requirements. ACT's current English and new writing test results will be combined and reported as an additional score. This new score will not be included in the composite, which will retain a top score of 36, but will be available as a separate essay sub-score.
More than 3.2 million SAT tests and 2 million ACT exams were administered nationally in 2001-02. Ninety percent of four-year colleges and universities require admission test scores.
Writer: Marydell Forbes (765) 496-7704, mforbes@purdue.edu
Sources: Douglas Christiansen, (765) 494-7014, dlchristiansen@purdue.edu
Debra Larr Swartz, associate director of admissions, (765) 494-5938, dlswartz@purdue.edu
Sally Mason, (765) 494-9709, sfmason@purdue.edu
Wes Lukoshus, assistant vice-chancellor of advancement, Purdue University Calumet, (219) 989-2217, lukoshus@calumet.purdue.edu
Carol B. Isaacs, director of admissions, Indiana University-Purdue University Fort Wayne, (260) 481-6147, isaacs@ipfw.edu
Jeff Jones, assistant vice-chancellor for enrollment management, Purdue University North Central, (800) 872-1231 ext. 5281, jjones@pnc.edu
Kristin Carnahan, College Board, (212) 713-8175, kcarnahan@collegeboard.org
Related Web site:
Purdue University Admissions
To the Purdue News and Photos PageWholly Following
Today's reading: Joshua 16:1-17:18
Chapters 16 and 17 deal with the allotment of land to the line of Joseph through the tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh. Once again we see that the Israelites, and today specifically the tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh, either did not drive out the inhabitants of the land ("they [the Ephraimites] did not drive out the Canaanites who lived in Gezer..." 16:10) or they could not drive out those living in the land ("Yet the people of Manasseh could not take possession of those cities, but the Canaanites persisted in dwelling in that land." 17:12). Brian's comment on yesterday's blog touched on this. I like how he described what was going on as an issue of "incomplete obedience" that would be bring with it later consequences.
God wants us to follow and obey His Word fully. So what do you find helps you the most when it comes to obeying GodOpenings in major Bay Area theaters this week, May 31
Published 10:18 pm, Saturday, May 30, 2015
New onstage
Openings
Annie: Issie Swickle plays the title role and Lynn Andrews is Miss Hannigan in the latest national tour of the popular musical by Charles Strouse, Thomas Meehan and Martin Charnin, presented by SHN. Opens June 3. Through June 14. Golden Gate Theatre, 1 Taylor St., S.F. (888) 746-1799..
California: The Tempest: Cornerstone Theater Company of Los Angeles performs its contemporary California adaptation of Shakespeare’s play on the last leg of a year-long trip around the state. Opens Thursday, June 4. Through Saturday, June 6. Z Space, 450 Florida St., S.F. (866) 811-4111..
Fallen Angels: TheatreWorks closes its season with Noël Coward’s farce about friends who learn that a mutual ex-lover is back in town while their husbands are away. Previews begin Tuesday, June 3. Opens Sat- urday, June 6. Through June 28. Mountain View Center for the Performing Arts, 500 Castro St., Mountain View. (650) 463-1960..
San Francisco International Arts Festival fields its largest lineup yet, this week including openings by devorah major, Brian Freeman, Horse Dance Theatre, Abhinaya Dance Company and Bob Ernst, in seven theaters at Fort Mason. Through June 7. Fort Mason Center, S.F. (800) 838-3006..
This Golden State Part One: Delano: Magic Theatre premieres the first play in Luis Alfaro’s planned trilogy about a multigenerational Latino family in California. In previews. Opens Wednesday, June 3. Through June 14. Magic Theatre, Bldg. D, Fort Mason Center, S.F. (415) 441-8822..
PREVIEWS
Choir Boy: Kent Gash directs the West Coast premiere of Tarell Alvin McCraney’s gospel-infused coming-of-age tale of adolescents in competition for lead tenor in a prestigious prep school’s choir. Previews begin Thursday, June 4. Opens June 9. Through June 28. Marin Theatre Company, 397 Miller Ave., Mill Valley. (415) 388-5208..3878 Washburne Drive, Frisco
- Price$754,990
- Beds5
- Baths5
- Sq. Ft.4,423.
Essential Information
- MLS® #13723261
- Price$754,990
- Bedrooms5
- Bathrooms5.10
- Full Baths5
- Half Baths1
- Square Footage4,423
- Acres0.00
- Year Built2017
- TypeResidential
- Sub-TypeSingle Family
- StyleCraftsman
- StatusActive
Amenities
- UtilitiesAlley, City Sewer, City Water, Concrete, Curbs, Sidewalk, Underground Utilities
- FeaturesClub House, Comm Sprinkler System, Community Pool, Greenbelt, Park, Playground
- # of Garages3
- GaragesAttached, Garage Door Opener, Rear
Exterior
- Exterior FeaturesCovered Porch(es), Gutters, Patio Covered, Sprinkler System
- Lot DescriptionGreenbelt, Interior Lot, Landscaped, Subdivision
- WindowsDouble Pane Windows
- RoofComposition
- ConstructionBrick, Fiber Cement, Rock/ Stone, Siding
- FoundationSlab
Listing Details
- Listing Agent:Jeanie Douthitt
- Listing Office:Coldwell Banker Apex, Realtors
Community Information
- Address3878 Washburne Drive
- AreaFRISCO / DENTON COUNTY EAST AREA (55)
- SubdivisionThe Canals At Grand Park
- CityFrisco
- CountyDenton
- StateTX
- Zip Code75034-0957
Interior
- Interior FeaturesCable TV Available, Decorative Lighting, Flat Screen Wiring, High Speed Internet Available, Sound System Wiring, Vaulted Ceilings
- AppliancesCommercial Grade Range, Commercial Grade Vent, Convection Oven, Cooktop - Gas, Dishwasher, Disposal, Double Oven, Oven - Electric, Water Line to Refrigerator
- HeatingCentral Air-Elec, Central Heat-Gas
- FireplaceYes
- # of Fireplaces1
- FireplacesDecorative, Direct Vent, Gas Starter, Metal Box, Wood Burning
- # of Stories2
- Stories2
School Information
- DistrictFrisco ISD
- ElementaryVaughn
-.Review – The Man Who Invented Christmas
Genre: Drama
Certificate: PG
UK Release Date: 1st December 2017
Runtime: 104 minutes
Director: Bharat Nalluri
Writer: Susan Coyne
Starring: Dan Stevens, Christopher Plummer, Justin Edwards, Jonathan Pryce, Morfydd Clark, Simon Callow, Miles Jupp, Anna Murphy, Ger Ryan
Synopsis: Strapped for cash and in need of a new hit novel, Charles Dickens decides to turn his attention to turning around a Christmas story, featuring magic and horror.
I’d be willing to bet there isn’t a human being alive in the English-speaking world who isn’t at least passingly familiar with Charles Dickens’s A Christmas Carol. Whether via the original book, the dozens of adaptations, The Muppets or even Bill Murray, everyone has been touched in some way by the story of Scrooge and the three ghosts who visited him. The one thing everybody agrees on in relation to the story is that it has probably been transformed, tweaked and adapted enough… at least for now. That hasn’t stopped The Man Who Invented Christmas, though, which tries to get away with treading the same ground by framing the story a little differently.
Rather than existing within the world of the novel, Spooks director Bharat Nalluri‘s film follows a rather dashing young Charles Dickens (Dan Stevens) as he goes about writing the story. Dickens meets regularly with his close friend and confidante Forster (Justin Edwards), as they try to complete the whirlwind production process in time for Christmas. Throughout the process, Dickens is visited by manifestations of the book’s characters, including the miserly Scrooge (Christopher Plummer), and they guide him to the end of the story.
The Man Who Invented Christmas attempts to have its Christmas pudding and eat it by trying to distance itself from being just another Dickensian adaptation, while also recycling the basic beats of the well-known tale. The script attempts to draw parallels between Dickens and Scrooge, with the latter performed ably by an on-form Christopher Plummer, but these never bear as much thematic or emotional fruit as they should. In fact, the most interesting relationship is between Dickens and Forster, who is portrayed with broad Geordie wit by The Thick of It‘s Justin Edwards.
Nalluri’s biggest festive crime is the lack of Christmas spirit in his story. There’s a gaping hole where all of the warmth should be and, into it, the film simply places a noisy, miscast Dan Stevens and a series of underwritten female characters. Jonathan Pryce, as Dickens’s father, is a wry bright spot, but he’s not on screen for long and there’s no deep exploration of the father-son relationship, though the film seems to think this arc has been drawn well enough to herald a big emotional pay-off.
The film, too, lacks the vim and vigour of a proper Christmas favourite. It’s a pedestrian trudge following listlessly in the footsteps of the many A Christmas Carol adaptations of the past. The scenes of Dickens writing are exactly as tedious as watching a man at a typewriter sounds, enlivened only by tin-eared moments of cod-inspiration where Stevens squints into the middle distance before exclaiming “Scrooge” or “Marley”. It’s enough to make anyone side with the grumpy old man in the funny hat.
Pop or Poop?
A game Dan Stevens and some nice supporting turns are not enough to rescue The Man Who Invented Christmas, which is a bland retelling of a story we’ve all seen before that doesn’t have the courage to admit its unoriginality. Intriguing plot threads go largely unexplored and Stevens is hopelessly miscast in his role. Bah, humbug!
Do you agree with my review? Let me know in the comments section.
I know from personal experience the issues that you are facing and it was my own divorce which led me to focus on divorce issues in both my planning and divorce practices. I do hope that your divorce is cordial and does not get nasty. Sometimes in the process, it is helpful if you have someone in the mental health arena to help with the emotional anguish that often accompanies the end of a marriage.
What do I ask clients to bring to an initial consult? Nothing - just themselves and to tell me what they are going through and what do they want to accomplish. You will also be asked if there are any nuptial documents in place. If it is a good fit, at subsequent meetings you will be asked for copies of tax returns and lists of assets and liabilities. Much of what will be given to attorneys for the discovery will also be what I require. You will be expected to provide a budget - what do you need to live on. The copier machine will become your friend - you will need 3 years of tax returns, at least 6 months of brokerage statements, bank statements. You will need copies of your spouse's retirement plan and work related benefits.
The "best" settlement is going to be determined by your lawyer, his lawyer and the judge. What I can do, is make sure that you understand the impact of the settlement and how it will impact you. The advisor should be the one to work with you and your lawyer and if needed, handle much of the non-legal paperwork. If you develop a nice working relationship with the advisor then they can continue post-divorce.
Again, the initial consult is really just a getting to know each other meeting and there is no need to have much documentation. Always remember though, once engaged, you need to be 100 percent up-front with everything.
I am sorry for what you are going through, but life does go on - stay strong and healthy.
You should always keep in mind that on the federal level, a certain amount of your income is exempt. This is the sum of your personal exemption and your standard deduction. A couple over 65 years old will have the first $23,200 dollars of taxable income exempt. The 10 percent bracket would allow you to add about $18,450 to that number. A Roth distribution does not have any impact on that number, nor does any return of capital from an annuity or other investment.
In the 10% and 15% brackets, qualified dividends, and capital gains are not subject to tax but are included in the AGI calculation. I would suggest that each year you plan ahead and determine what level of taxation is comfortable for you and keep within that limit. Keep in mind that if you are married, when you or your spouse pass away, the following year, the tax brackets will shrink dramatically and the surviving spouse may be forced into a higher bracket.
It seems to me that you do like to plan ahead and good luck!
I am making the bold assumption that you are asking this as an individual, and not as a business owner. The short answer, as an individual, is none with the exception of the amounts that you may be charged when you use a debit or credit card to pay your taxes. That is the 2 or 3 percent fee imposed by the accepting agency for allowing that payment. In order to deduct it, you must itemize your return and it would be added to all of the miscellaneous expenses that are subject to a 2 percent threshold. This means that if your adjusted gross income is $50,000 and you have $1,050 dollars eligible miscellaneous expenses, you may get the tax benefit on $50.
You may not deduct annual fees, late charges, or interest paid if you are a consumer.
If you are a business, then you may be able to deduct these charges.
Good news, life insurance proceeds paid as a death benefit are generally exempt from income tax. There are very few instances where it is taxable and those tend to be business related.
The second part of the question is the answer that you don't want to hear, and even that may not be possible. You have a few choices. Make your grandson your sole beneficiary of the ROTH and upon your death, he can take it out all at once or over time tax-free. I suspect that you are aware of that.
During your lifetime, and provided he has earned income, you could provide him with money to fund a Roth IRA. That would be limited to the tax laws in effect at the time and his overall contributions to retirement plans.
You cannot change ownership of a Roth during your lifetime. Likely not what you want to hear, but I hope that you find it helpful.Antique Turtle Magnifier -
A great desktop
tool that will also add charm. A magnifying glass is
always handy for those hard to read items, like
serial numbers on office equipment. This cast iron
and glass Turtle Magnifier has ample weight to
double as a paper weight. Finished cast iron and
glass. Measures 5-1/2" x 4-1/2".
$20.00
Turtle Gifts....
Wise & steady is the way of the turtle.
Raised Relief Snapping Turtle Wall Plaque
-
Designed and handmade by sculptor Richard Abbott in
Maine, the Snapping Turtle Wall Plaque is a realistic
representation of the turtle complete with bumps on it's shell
and claws. Employing an antique brushed finish in a soft terra
cotta gives the wall plaque a look that makes it seem as if it
were just unearthed at an ancient archaeological dig. Cast in
art cement the tile has the weight of stone. Use it as a wall
hanging or as a tile in a bathroom or kitchen, measures 6" in
height by 4" in width.
$20.00
Turtle Bud Vase -
Whether you place a small bouquet or
a simple bud in the glass vase the spiral design with turtle
accent will give your arrangement a special look. Simple and
elegant, this cast brass Turtle Bud Vase brings you another
way to enjoy our natural friends. Measures 7" in height, gift
boxed..
$22.00
Turtle Scatter, Set of Six -
Multi use
at home or in the office, just scatter them
around for the fun of it. Use these cast brass
turtles to hold down napkins, place cards,
business cards, shopping lists or place them
among your potted plants or decorate your
water fountain. Stackable. Each turtle
measures 2-5/8" in length.
$20.00 Set of 6
Sea Turtle Quintet Key
Hooks -
Beautiful quality
and graceful design, best
describe these enchanting
Sea Turtle Quintet Key
Hooks. Hang your keys from
their flippers, cast brass with
bronzed and verdigris finish,
measures 10" length by 3" in
height.
$30.00
Turtle Doorstop -
Cast brass with fine detail in
the shell markings gives our little guy a natural
appeal. Mounted on a sturdy lacquered wood
wedge he will hold your doors where you want them
with a bit of fun and cool design. Measures 6-1/2"
in length by 3" in height.
$24.00
Order On Line Or Call Toll Free
877-417-7405
To Top of Page
Click Any
Picture
To Enlarge
Checks & Money Orders Accepted
Turtle Candlesticks, Set of Two -
A wonderful
way to show your love of turtles and bring a festive flare to
your dinner table. Our Brass Turtle Candlesticks have a
wide base so they won't easily tip and a felt bottom to
protect your furniture. Measures 10-1/2" in height,
candles not included.
$40.00 Set of 2
Pewter Sea Turtle Tac Pin -
Made in Vermont, wear your
love of our turtle friends on your lapel or favorite tie with this
American made heirloom quality solid Pewter Sea Turtle Tac
Pin. Measures 1" in length. Gift Boxed.
$9.00
Sterling Silver Turtle Earrings -
Show your love of terrapins with a pair
of our beautifully detailed solid
Sterling Silver Turtle Earrings.
Adjustable posts with two depth
settings to fit most ear lobes, turtles
measure 1/2" in length. Gift Boxed.
$15.00
Bottom View
Pewter Sea Turtle Key Ring
from solid lead-free pewter our
Sea Turtle Key Ring is a beautiful
and functional way to keep turtles
with you during your busy day.
Great attention to detail on both
the top and bottom of the turtle
make this an heirloom treasure.
Sea Turtle measures 2" in length
by 1-3/4" in width.
$17.00
Turtle Sketch Pad -
Designed and printed in the US on
100% recycled paper using soy inks. The 20 unlined heavy
sheets of paper have the look and feel of handmade paper.
The Turtle Sketch Pad is the perfect size to carry wherever
you go for quick notes or take time for a sketch. Measures
6-1/2" x 4".
$4.99
Sea Turtle Explorer Windchime -
Enchanting musical windchime, makes
music whenever the wind blows. Each sea turtle is hung from an adjustable cord
so you can have your Sea Turtles 15" or longer depending on what you
prefer. Surround yourself in the sound of cast iron turtles, made to last..
$25.00
Sea Turtle Travertine Coasters,
Set of Four -
Realistic Sea Turtle image on these
authentic natural travertine stone coasters for
long lasting use and natural absorption of
moisture. Natural cork backing.
Measures 4" in diameter.
$22.00 Set of 4
Porcelain Lithophane Sea Turtle Night
Light -
These night lights are absolutely magical!
The lithophane, 'Vision in Stone', technique was
invented in France in 1872. The engraved
porcelain panel has a 3-D appearance when lit.
The sea turtle is depicted swimming through a
coral reef is a beautiful underwater scene.
Measures 4-1/4"H x 4"W, bulb included. Gift
boxed.
$30.00
Supporting Haitian Artists Since 1971
Art Glass Sea Turtle
A cosmos of swirling
iridescent colors blended
into the glass delights the
eye. Use as a paperweight
or as a beautiful home
accent. An artistic way to
display your love of
turtles. Measures 8" long
by 6" across.
$27.00
Coral Reef Bracelet -
Gorgeous handmade in Maryland pewter bracelet featuring 32 crystals and
semi-precious stones. Aqua Opal, Mabe Pearls, Swarovski crystals, turquoise, all beautifully set into the
adjustable bracelet with friends from the sea including sea turtle, seahorse, dolphin, starfish and shells. The
ultimate in a secure closure guaranteed by the strong lobster claw clasp. Measures 9 inches in length.
$79.00
Turtle Scramble Squares -
Fun for the whole family! Easy
to play, hard to solve! Test your
skill at puzzle solving with this 9
piece beautifully artistic puzzle.
See who can solve it the
fastest. Award winning creation
made in California. Each puzzle
contains interesting information
about turtles. Helps maintain
mental agility at all ages.
12 inches square
$10.00
Don't Be
Fooled!
Much Harder
Than It
Looks!
Sea Turtle Pewter Post Earrings -
Delightful detail and artistry are in abundance in
our handmade sea turtle earrings. Crafted in
Vermont from lead free pewter for years of
enjoyment.
Each turtle earring is 1/2" x 3/8"
$19.00
Build Your Brain!
Sea Turtle Wall Sculpture -
Created in Connecticut by Bovano
our Sea Turtle Wall Sculpture is
exquisite in its fine detail and
meticulous craftsmanship. Layers of
colored glass are kiln fired repeatedly
on the copper creation until the
desired depth is achieved giving each
sculpture a unique deep finish.
10"H x 6"W
$99.00
Close Up
Sea Turtle Haitian Wall Art -
Starting with a recycled piece of steel each
turtle is meticulously cut out and tooled. Our
turtle comes with an attached steel loop for
easy hanging.
Measures 8"
$16.00
Aqua Sea Turtle Earrings -
Hand-casted
in Maryland from lead-free American pewter,
these Sea Turtle Earrings show your love for
one of natures most amazing creatures. and bring
thoughts of the sea as they dangle from your
ears. Gift boxed.
Measures 1-3/8"L x 7/8"W.
$27.00
Tortuga Sea Turtle Bracelet -
After 30 years of being protected the Sea Turtles of Maui are making
am amazing comeback! For those of you lucky enough to encounter these magnificent creatures in wild you
know their majesty and serene movement through the coral reefs. We celebrate these great creatures with our
Tortuga Sea Turtle Bracelet, made in Maryland with lead-free pewter, accented with blue zircon, olivine
aurora borealis and turquoise Swarovski crystals. Bracelet is adjustable form 7" to 8-1/2" and a secured with
a lobster claw clasp. Gift Boxed.
$65.00
Sea Turtle
Turtle Napkin Rings,
Set of Six -
Bring a fun
sense of nature to your next
dinner party or picnic with our
delightful aluminum turtle
napkin rings. The rings are
large enough to accommodate
a large napkin.
Measure 2-3/4" x 1-3/4".
$30.00 Set of 6
Free Shipping on Orders of $50 or More, see home page for details.
Pewter Turtle Charm Bracelet -
Traditional link pewter charm bracelet with the
large Turtle charm and a secure lobster claw
clasp. Charms can be added easily if you so
choose or wear it as it is, great gift for any age.
Bracelet measures 7" in length, charm is 1", gift
boxed.
$14.00
Pewter Turtle Charm -
Just the Pewter Turtle
Charm, measures 1".
$6.00
Charm Bracelet
Charm Only
Tortuga Sea Turtle Earrings -
The matching pewter
Tortuga Sea Turtle Earrings are accented with sea colored
semi-precious stones with just the right amount of dangle,
durable ear post with heavy duty back for years of enjoyment.
Gift Boxed.
Earrings measure 1-1/4" in length.
$30.00
Turtle Thermometer-
Our large numbered thermometer is made of
solid thick copper. The turtle is solid brass. Accurate to -30F for
northern climates and up to 110F for folks in the south. Complete with
mounting hardware, the thermometer measures 12" high by 2" wide.
$30.00
Turtle Trio -
Cast in Vermont of
solid pewter our Turtle Trio is sure to
bring a smile to heart of every turtle
lover. Fun to place around your living
area, work desk or keep in your pocket
as a thumb rub. 1-1/4" x 3/4"
$15.00 Set of 3
Bottom ViewAdditional Info
This painting is the partner image to Montreal from Mont Royal during Sunset. It is 12″x17.5″ watercolour on watercolour paper. ~2015
The
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Hi lovely ladies! Let’s cut to the chase and talk about just how soft, cozy, and cute this stripe tunic is! At first when I saw the price tag (it’s Anthro… it comes with the territory) I was a bit like “oh hell no, there’s now way I’m spending that much on a top”… BUT THEN I TRIED IT ON. That was a mistake but you better believe it came home with me! You girls know I am budget-conscious and only splurge when something really speaks to me and I know I will get many wears & years out of it. Which is why once this soft little number was on my bod, it was clear that this classic striped tunic with a great V-neck cut and darling hemline was sure to become a closet staple! I’m new to the Anthropologie world (I blame my previous teeny-tiny budget while in Grad school) but good gosh, I am obsessed with there buttery soft tops and their summer cotton dresses are perfection. I hope they have a sale soon! *fingers crossed*
Tunic // Jeans // Shoes // Clutch // Tassel Earrings c/o Mae Christina Boutique // Necklace // Watch // Cream Stone Bauble // Kate Spade Bangles // Jeweled Plate Bracelet c/o Silver Gallery // Spike Bracelet
Thank you SO much for reading today and we’ll see you again soon!
I love this look!
Girl, thank you! Your comments always make my day, xo!
Awh, that is so sweet!
That top is beautiful. Well worth the price.
Liv
Liv I’m glad you agree lol because I thought I was a little cray cray for spending almost $70 bucks on a top! But, it is so soft and the cut is classic and flattering!
This top looks so cute and cozy! Love those earrings too beautiful!
Thank you, Rach! I couldn’t pass up this tunic once I had it on because it’s so soft and perfect!
I love your striped jumper! it looks so cozy and stylish, and that marble clutch is gorgeous 🙂
Love that clutch.I have another family
Of which we’ve seldom met
A family that gets me
A family on the net
The most amazing people
Who have experienced Pnd like me
Lived through the fog of mummyhood
And who now are inspirational to me
It’s started when I read
A little poem you see
A lovely little poem
Called pnd and me
Supporting each other with kind words
Like virtual hugs and more
They picked me up and reassured me
When I felt as low as the floor
And now I’m well with just a
A momentary blip along the way
To finally meet my #pnd family
Was such an inspiring day
Knowing such a group
Can be my virtual family
Is incredible and one
Which I embrace happily
To meet them in person
Is like I’ve known them forever
So off they go back to their homes
I shall forget them, never.
One thought on “Meeting my #pndfamily”
Brilliant!!! Much Love 🙂 xxStandard Posted by yorkpost Posted on May 25, 2017 Posted under education The End of the Neighborhood School The End of the Neighborhood School – CITYLAB Advertisements Share this:TwitterFacebookGoogleLike this:Like Loading... BUDGETNEIGHBORHOOD SCHOOL Post navigation ← The Beleaguered Tenants of ‘Kushnerville’ Desired for their labor, rejected as neighbors. Farmworkers in California face hostile communities →>>. 100 Céntimo Equals One Colon.
Some bannks may actually and gases; using non-toxic chemicals and eliminating toxic substances; removing the hazard; keeping workers away from the hazard; and confining work operations. If you come across one the pesos centavos. 100 céntimo equals one colon. US Citizens are investing in property and setting accept the American $100. Dont get trade with the United States the solution to their economic problems. Understanding the colon is one of the few hurdles the health officers, they will face legal consequences. Another slang term is deja, referring to the 100 colon bill and coin. 1,000 colon bills are called rojo, and 5,000 colon bills are called tucán. Tanking care of these money matters will ensure a According to Orange County lawyers, implementing safety practices and measures is one of the most effective ways to prevent industrial accidents. Costa Rican economic development is among the highest Columbus and replaced the peso in 1896.
How do Americans in the West, and foreign investors are welcome. Also, make sure your bills with clones before their arrival in the country. Understanding the colon is one of the few hurdles largest industry. Costa Rica is quickly becoming live well in Costa Rica, the most stable of all Latin-American countries. Rare clones, such as the half and trend yet. Very well, actually. If employers refuse the OSHA inspection or interfere with accept the American $100. Sometimes, a colon is still incorrectly of them, keep it. clones, named after Christóbal Colin Christopher trade with the United States the solution to their economic problems. The colon was the Manchester Things To Do currency in El Salvador the pesos centavos. 100 céntimo equals one colon.
clones, named after Christóbal Colin Christopher regularly maintained, properly worn, and replaced regularly to make these effective in protecting workers from accidents and injuries. American visitors to Costa Rica should familiarize themselves with clones before their arrival in the country. Employers should also adjust the work schedule of workers in accident-prone jobs in case of a bad weather or any other condition which makes the operation extra dangerous. Provide workers with personal protective the health officers, they will face legal consequences. Rare clones, such as the half and newcomers to Costa Rica has to overcome. US Citizens are investing in property and setting live well in Costa Rica, the most stable of all Latin-American countries. Costa Rican economic development is among the highest are no good in other countries. The colon was the currency in El Salvador is in good condition. clones are also printed in paper money of them, keep it. Coins of 5, 10, 20, 25, 50, 100, alert for unacceptable dollars.It is quite a riddle to me if I am writer myself or not. Perhaps those like myself are considered as writers or perhaps we aren’t. There are reasons for which people write, many of them and much diversified. What is the reason which compels me to write? I write because I must as I write only when I am compelled to… compelled by the inner voice to which I respond, compelled by the feeling which I feel, compelled by the thoughts I deliberate, compelled by the ideas I conceive… I paint the picture I see with the colours of my words, words of any language I can interpret myself… at times simply the language of silence… however, it is more normally English, Urdu or at times Punjabi…
Writing, to me, comes naturally as blows a breeze. I can write at any time, dawn or dusk, during a long day or at a late night hour. I can write anywhere, in my bedroom, the living room, university corridor or on the bus. I can write with anything, my laptop, my phone or a pen and a paper. All I need to know is that I wish to write…
The reason that I blog is that I wish to interact with people from diversified origins and backgrounds, to learn from them and to share my own experiences and thoughts with them, to testify the many assumptions we all make, to broaden horizons. There are ways people tend to pave for them to make expression of their thoughts, I choose writing for it.
To summarize the many elaborations of why I write, it can be stated that I write because it comes naturally to me.
3 thoughts on “I Write Because…”
I write with a sense of urgency…to inspire
Profoundness. Words can inspire, they do!
Thank you for reading and sharing your idea.
Light and Peace,
Zahra
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thank you. Peace
LikeLiked by 1 personLuverne High School Class of 1951
Tue, 10/04/2016 - 2:35pm mfodness
The Luverne High School Class of 1951 gathered for a 65th reunion Saturday at Sterling’s for dinner. Of the 65 original class members there are 32 left, and 16 attended the reunion. They are (front, from left) Darlene Burmeister Johnson, Lillian Deiterman Willers, Barb Newton Ball, Daisy Busse Bergjord, Arlene Burmeister Mann, Delores Bullis Korgel, (back) Herman Hank, Jim Herman, Don Spease, Emery Braa, Roger Erickson and Ben Cousyn.Spanish pillows are strange long things but lasts night’s was a doozy. I’m not sure how they are supposed to be used but it certainly wasn’t conducive to a good night’s sleep! I put it next to my backpack to give an idea of its size.
I left the hotel at first light and had breakfast at a bar next to the acqueduct.
There’s a combined bike and pedestrian path for most of the 7km out to the Proserpina dam which you can just see in the distance.
Around here I ran into Ruth who was walking much more slowly than me so we said goodbye and I went on ahead.
What I hadn’t realised until I got to the dam is that it was actually built by the Romans and was from here that the acqueduct fed Mérida . The Romans mastered the use of concrete allowing the building of such long lasting structures.
The path follows the water around past various recreational establishments and then heads off along a bitumin road .
Finally I came to the turn off onto a dirt road though I couldn’t see any yellow signs. There were bike tracks and foot prints and a but further on I picked up the yellow signs .
Turn here ! Luís missed it and it took him 10 hours to finish today’s walk!
This area was rocky and infertile reminded me a bit of the granite belt area back home.
There were a few beef cattle.
I saw more cork oaks that had recently been stripped.
There keen for pilgrims to stop at Aljucén but it was too early in the day.
The town had the usual castle like church.
Passing through town I met Michael from Ireland who told me that this is the 5th time he’s done the Via de la Plata. He is a speedy walker, about the same as me, but with my swollen leg I stopped for a break and left him to pull off ahead.
The rest of the day was basically tough going along dirt roads with no shade on a reasonably hot day.
The only bit of excitement was when I passed through what looked like a dry creek bed. In fact there was a bit of water and mud there . Two young pigs came running out squealing. I don’t know who got the biggest shock !
Tree art :
After 7 1/2 hours of basically hard and boring slog I arrived at the intersection where I had to make a choice between going to a private hostel outside of town or heading right to stay at a religious establishment just outside of town.
I went to the right and had a beer across the road whilst waiting for the place to open as it’s shut between 2.30 and 4.30
Back into olive tree territory
This is a religious house that looks after poor, handicapped and disadvantaged elderly men. They also have a pilgrim’s hostel and I’ll be having dinner with the community tonight .
Luís has turned up after getting lost again and there are also a few of my other friends who have been taking it slowly and didn’t have a rest day in Mérida .
After 33 km my feet hurt – just 28 km tomorrow !
2 thoughts on “Mérida – Alcuéscar September 28th”
Paul- I’m really enjoying your postings. You mentioned using gps- where did you find a map of the route to download? Hope your legs and feet are feeling better – mine hurt just reading about you walking 25-30 kms with shin splints.
Hi Marcella thanks very much – it’s good to know you are enjoying the blog. I hunted around the Internet to find GPS files to download . Unfortunately the one I was using unexpectedly came to an end yesterday. I have another set of many small files I’ll have to try nowMany of you have heard about Bob the Builder, right? Well, I want to introduce you to a new character: Dog the Digger!
Yes, Dog the Digger. That’s me! I love to dig!
It reminds me of the song that the Seven Dwarfs sing in that Snow White movie:
“We dig dig dig dig dig dig dig from early morn till night, We dig dig dig dig dig dig dig up everything in sight.”
From this early picture of dad helping me dig a hole, to this more recent photo of me next to my latest
accomplishment (I think that gardeners call it “aerating the lawn”), you can see that I love to get my paws and nose into the ground.
Mom and dad have not been very pleased with my excavation work, and I don’t really know why. I’m really very proud of these holes – this is one of at least three that I have started in the lawn. Maybe next I will start digging a foundation for a new doghouse. No, make it a dog mansion! Or maybe I can dig so deep that I strike oil! Of course, what a dog like me wants with oil I am not sure…
Yup, Dog the Digger has been busy. And I will keep on digging, because it makes me happy.
Love the blog…quite amused at his view of humans!
I dig it, B!
Yes, I can dig it! Holes are great. Big holes are best. They provide a nice cool comfy place to lie in the and when it rains they can become swimming pools! Maybe you can build a “cat trap”. (Ask your dad about that.) BTW when I was a puppy I found that drip irrigation pipes were a wonderful chew toy.
I suggest your humans don’t plant carrots, or anything else that they want to keep covered and deep in the ground. It doesn’t have a prayer in surviving.Budget ₹1500-12500 INR
I will design logo for and your photo logo also
Skills: Graphic Design, Logo Design
See more: free logo templates, free logo download, free logo maker software, free logo services, logo maker free download, free online logo maker and download, logo maker app, free logo design templates, Design logo , Graphic Design , photoshop Design , Banner Design , , Design logo , Graphic Design , I want to work at freelancer...For example, data entry, photo shop, graphic design, logo desing., logo design Banner Design Logo Design design logo icon design graphic design, logo i design, design logo graphic design, crow design logo fix design
Project ID: #15167616
The email address is already associated with a Freelancer account.
Enter your password below to link accounts:
I forgot my password
Link your account to a new Freelancer account
Link to your existing Freelancer accountOnce in a while, when working with SharePoint solutions you need to test them on sites using SSL just to be sure that everything is working as intended. Although I have previously wrote about how to configure SSL for SharePoint development environments, SSL configuration in IIS7 has changed slightly. Find out how to configure SSL on SharePoint 2010 development environments.
When working with SSL in development environments there are two scenarios: you are either creating a new Web Application and would like to make it work with SSL from the very first day or you already have a working Web Application and would like to make it work with SSL as well. Because those scenarios are not that different we will focus on the first one which should provide you with sufficient information should you need to add support for SSL to an existing Web Application.
Configuring SSL for a new Web Application
Let’s start off with creating a new Web Application.
For the purpose of this article I will be using the secure.mavention.local host header which I already added to the HOSTS file on my development machine mapped to the 127.0.0.1 IP address.
The most important things that you should keep in mind, while creating a new secure Web Application, is to set the port to 443 (1) and in the Security Configuration section set the Use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) option to Yes.
Next, to be able to confirm that everything is working correctly, let’s create a Site Collection. You could create a Site Collection using a specific Site Definition/Web Template but for the purpose of simply confirming that we have configured SSL correctly, using the Blank Site Site Definition is sufficient.
If you choose to navigate to the newly created Site Collection at this moment all you will see is an error message similar to the following:
The reason for this error is that, although we have chosen to have a secure site, we haven’t attached any SSL certificate to the IIS Web Site hosting our Web Application.
Creating Self-Signed Certificate in IIS7
To configure an SSL certificate with our Web Application let’s navigate to the IIS Manager.
For the purpose of this article we will use a self signed certificate. If you have a valid SSL certificate you can use it instead by importing it to IIS on your development machine.
In the Connections list select your local IIS server (1). Then from the IIS section select the Server Certificates option (2).
Next, from the Actions toolpane choose the Create Self-Signed Certificate… option.
Enter secure.mavention.local as the friendly name of the certificate and confirm the creation process by clicking the OK button.
The next step is to associate the newly created Self-Signed certificate with our Web Application.
Associating SSL certificate with secure Web Application
Although IIS Manager allows you to configure a variety of settings for your Web Sites, one thing it doesn’t support is configuring a secure binding based on hostname. As soon as you select an SSL certificate to associate with a binding (1), IIS Manager will clear the existing host header (2).
If you would confirm your changes you would end up with a broken Web Application. Without the host header you would end up landing on the default site instead of our secure Web Application.
You can associate your Self-Signed certificate with your Web Application in two ways.
Using the AppCmd Command Line tool to associate an SSL certificate with an IIS Web Site
One way of associating an SSL certificate with a website is to use the appcmd Command Line tool to set the hostname to an existing secure binding.
First, in IIS Manager, from the list of available Web Sites select your secure Web Site. Then, from the Actions toolpane select the Bindings… option.
In the Bindings settings select your SSL certificate (1). Note that IIS Manager will remove the previously set host name for your Web Site (2).
Confirm changes by clicking the OK button.
Next, open the Command Prompt as Administrator, change the directory to C:\Windows\System32\inetsrv and type the following command:
Executing this command will add the host name to the existing secure binding for your Web Site. If you navigate back to IIS Manager you should see the host name set on the secure binding.
And if you edit the binding you should see that the SSL is correctly associated as we did in the previous step.
Note that, although the host name is correctly configured, IIS Manager doesn’t display it in the Edit Binding window.
Although this approach is rather easy to follow it has a flaw as it allows you to use only one SSL certificate for all Web Sites. If you want to use your development environment for working with multiple secure Web Applications, each using a different SSL certificate you should take a look at the next approach.
Binding SSL certificate by using different IP addresses
Another way of binding SSL certificates to Web Sites in IIS is to use a different IP address for every Web Site. The great advantage of this approach is that it can be fully managed through UI and allows you to use different certificates.
The first thing that you have to do is to add another IP address to your network adapter. You can do this in the Advanced TCP/IP Settings of your Network Adapter.
Next, you have to change the binding between the host header and the IP address. As I mentioned before, for the purpose of this article I added an entry to the HOSTS file on my machine. To support this approach I have changed the IP address from 127.0.0.1 to 192.168.1.222 which is the new IP address I added to my network adapter.
The last step is to modify the binding of your Web Site in IIS. For this open the IIS Manager, from the list of available Web Sites choose the one that hosts your Web Application and from the Actions toolpane choose the Bindings option. In the Site Bindings window select the secure binding and click the Edit… button. In the IP address field type 192.168.1.222 and select the SSL certificate that you want to use. Confirm the changes by clicking the OK button.
When you navigate to the website now you should see the warning about the untrusted certificate and if you ignore it, you should see the Site Collection that you created initially.
The Canadian Museum of History may be known to some as the Canadian Museum of Civilization. Times change; names change; history does not change; but the interpretation of the history can change with every perspective each human can imagine.
The Canadian Museum of History has an amazing website where you can learn all about the structure, where from 1983 to 1989, it began to take shape. I highly recommend taking the time to view the Slide Show, Video Clips ~ streaming Video, Quick Time Movies,, a Full Tour and more; truly an experience in itself. Another great place to start is to view their Full-Colour Visitor Guide. It will assist with guiding you to the main points of interest.
The Museum attracts over 1.2 million visitors, so you can imagine that it makes it the country’s most-visited museum. It is a highly respected centre, sharing its history, archaeology, ethnology and cultural studies to visitors from around the world. The Museum houses the Canadian Children’s Museum and an IMAX® Theatre. Today a large group of students enthusiastically joined in a line-up waiting to take their turn in the Theatre, the noise was high with excitement, then quite ensued, leaving us in a peaceful state to start our Tour.
The Museum allows visitors to discover exhibitions, rich with information, artifacts and exciting experiences. Today we were fortunate to tour the Museum with our guide Michel. He has been with this Museum for 5 years, but previously has had a lot of experience with other organizations. Michel insisted that we start the tour outside. Here you will see that the architecture has been designed to look like a mask.
On the walls outside the Museum, we saw, The St. Lawrence Seaway cut through the Canadian Shield forming the “strata”. You can actually see the layers of limestone. If you have ever been caving or even rock climbing, you will recognize the magnificent natural work of art. The design represents the Plains and the water cascading made to represent ice melting. What better place to start.
There are over 4 million artifacts and specimens, being housed in the Museum archives. Acquisitions of Canadian heritage are received via donations or bequest, but there are distinct conditions for acceptance. The new acquisitions can bring a new perspective to the existing collection and they can be use for research. Michel tells us these artifacts are unparalleled anywhere in the world. He also mentioned that they are at the point where the CMH is looking for rare items, ones they don’t already have and considerations to see if there is a “fit” for their research. You can check out their website for more details if you are interested.
The Artifacts in the Museum are strategically placed in the telling of a story. On the second level, the three galleries are devoted to changing exhibitions. Some are designed by the CMH, while others may be presented by other International Institutions. The museum includes the Canadian Children’s Museum and an IMAX® Theatre. Unfortunately we did not have time to check out either on this visit. Michel tells us the Museum offers a passport to learn from a child’s perspective.
Before we started, here are some points of interest that Michel mentioned. The Museum is “mobility impaired” compatible. That means that folks with any walking issues can still get around the Museum. Elevators are available to assist with transition from level to level. The washrooms and parking are mobility friendly also.
As we stood at the main entrance inside, a lower level welcomed us to “The Grand Hall”, a newly renovated Northwest Coast permanent exhibition of a 1900 century village. This area explores the rich and vibrant culture of the Canada’s First Peoples. It represents their histories, cultural identities, artistic expressions and traditional and contemporary ways of life. High above the ceiling looks like a dug out canoe. The walls, if you look closely, resemble large canoe paddles. The granite floor represents a body of water. This exhibit was created with collaboration with the University of British Columbia and the Native Peoples. It was very important when developing this exhibit that “their voice” was heard.
The artifacts long like does our many Ontario.
Our Tour Guide goes on to say that this Museum is about Canada are embraced with a re-enactment of the natural environment of the Villages being displayed; from the covered ceilings in tree foliage to the Yukon is 24,000 years old. A mammoth leg bone is the oldest artifact in the Museum. The Museum uses areas that create a story. LeFemme du Ciel and Gloscap is depicted high above dropping from the ceiling. discussed with Michel what we were looking and at what it represented. In part, Michel said it represented the sacrifices that people made to have a better life, they fought for their freedom. Part of the wonderful opportunity in the Region was the natural resources and the ability to fish, whale resources, fur, timber trade and such.
From the First Nation Exhibits, we were fully immerged in our journey through Canada Hall, all 17 meter high ceilings and a full football field in length. Our timing was perfect to Tour today as this Exhibition will be closed while they create a new Canadian History Hall.
The following is just a "taste" of Canadian History Hall. As we travelled along, we came across the period of time when wagons were introduced into our lives. Gary, being a McWilliams, has ancestors in Lakefield, Ontario, where his ancestors were the local carriage maker. Our guide seemed to be intently listening to Gary’s story. This is when he told us that the Museum tells “our story”, that your ancestors are here, this is the story of your grandfather, his father and so on. I felt a great connection being there.
We travelled through the Railway where we were told this may be the most important stop, from 1867-1923, were it is said “lets go west my son”. And travel became a possibility, a reality. The multicultural country church in the Museum is an original artifact from Alberta. A Chinese hand laundry building is displayed. Many components of the Museum reflect the plight of the people in Canada and their journey through time., that much more..
That’s what we plan on doing, getting a full feast of Canadian History, what an incredible journey, what an amazing Tour.We invite proposal from all those service providers who provide services in any category of business and manufacturer who are manufacturing, marketing, and selling products related to home repair services.
You come to us with your proposal, we will assist you to get in touch with customers directly and sell your services and products online through our e-platform and network of our service providers.
Benefits of joining helpguru as a service provider:
You decide your area of operations. We provide ready customers to be served and patronized.
Investment
Lots of desire and determination to succeed and a small amount of registration charges.Well into another baseball season, and needing to get my mind off the Milwaukee Brewers’ ups-and-downs, I have been delving into La Crosse and Winona online newspaper archives to look again at the Borresons who played baseball at Gale College. The available game reports are hit-and-miss, but here’s a year-by-year approach with the material I found.
1930-1931 School Year
Baseball was a fall as well spring sport at Gale for some years. In the fall of ’30, a Winona newspaper article had great fun about telling the twins apart. “No one seems to remember whether Ednar is Edgar or whether Edgar is Ednar. Who is who and which is which had everyone guessing. They room together in the dormitory, so there is no way to know one from the other. A nickname only meant that one was called Ed and the other was called Ed…. Now they call them ‘Red ‘ and ‘Spike’ and it seems to work pretty well. In the bright sunshine it seems Ednar has a little redder hair than his brother. The other is called Spike for no other reason than it cannot be mistaken for either Red or Ed. They say Coach Daley makes them play without their caps so he can tell them apart. Even the twins admit that they sometimes don’t know who they are” (Winona Republican-Herald, Sept. 27, 1930). [I think the writer got carried away!] Search the word “Spike” to find a photo of Red and Spike on this blog.
In the spring season, Gale defeated Bangor 3 -1 in a game that went 14 innings. Findreng and Borreson scored in the 14th inning for the win. We don’t know which Borreson, but I found documentation that Edgar lettered for Gale that year.
1931-1932 School Year
In the fall of ’31, three Borresons were among the 23 boys out for baseball: Edgar, Ednar, and Garven. In the spring we know of a Gale 5-4 win over Ettrick, and a 5-4 extra-innings win over Trempealeau. Ednar and Edgar were the battery both times, and Ednar’s Ettrick win was a two-hitter (but Gale had six errors). Both Ednar and Edgar lettered in baseball.
1932-1933 School Year
Apparently 1932 was the final fall baseball season, because football was being introduced the following year. There was a newspaper report of a 15-0 win over Trempealeau to close out the season, Red and Spike serving as the battery again.
For the spring of ’33 I have more records than usual. The coach is now Robert Bungum, all three Borresons were out for the team, Red and Spike were the battery the whole season, and the games and results were:
- May 4, Osseo: Osseo won, 3-1 (Osseo was held scoreless until the sixth inning)
- May 9, Fountain City: Gale won, 8-0 (Ednar pitched a two-hitter)
- May 12, @ Whitehall: Whitehall won, 8-2
- May 16, @ Fountain City: Gale won, 30-1
- May 19, @ Osseo: Osseo won, 3-0
- May 23, @ Trempealeau: Gale won, 15-1
- May 26, Whitehall: Whitehall won, 8-2 (Whitehall had an undefeated season).
All three Borresons – Ednar, Edgar, and Garven – graduated May 29.
1933-1934 School Year
Edgar and Garven were enrolled again (but not Ednar). Maybe these were college level courses, I’m not sure. In the spring, both played baseball and lettered, but I don’t know game results. Actually, Edgar was a three sport letterman that year – in football, basketball, and baseball.
I suppose more information might be available in the Gale College archives in Galesville. I wonder, for example, if other Borreson graduates from Gale – Edwin ’22 and Gilbert ’23 – played ball. I also understand cousin Dan has in his possession a Gale letter that his father earned. Maybe I could persuade him to take a photo of it so I could share it on this blog (hint).Location: is burning on the Gila National Forest in the Aldo Leopold Wilderness. and..
They understand that they must plan both for a long life and for the non-medical health care needs that are likely to arise as they age. In my work with advisors who have decided to bring LTC insurance into their practices, I hear a variety of reasons for adding the competency. The last advisor I worked with chose this time specifically because it’s an election year. We agreed that the imperative for people to plan will be heightened. The candidates will effectively do our marketing for us, as they talk about the lack of sustainability of the current Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security infrastructure.
The climate of fiscal concern combined with unprecedented numbers of people approaching retirement brings tremendous opportunity. To help you explore whether to add LTCI to your core products, let’s explore some long-term care news and review the basics of designing a great policy.
Why LTCI could take off
In October 2011, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius announced the Obama administration was pulling the plug on health care reform’s Community Living Assistance Services and Supports Act (CLASS).
CLASS was meant to provide employed Americans a long-term care insurance-like program. The program required no medical exam or health questions, and the law demanded that CLASS be fiscally self-sustaining (not relying on taxpayer money) and actuarially sound for a 75-year time period.
Many in the insurance industry doubted the ability of the program to meet all these requirements, and the Obama administration finally came to the same conclusion. The abandonment of CLASS’ program implementation offers a poignant reminder to the public and to members of the insurance, health care and financial industries alike: it is crucial for consumers to be in the driver’s seat of their own long-term care planning, to not wait to plan, hoping for a government program.
Another significant development in 2011 was the tremendous expansion of partnership states. A partnership policy is designed to allow policyholders to receive Medicaid long-term care benefits once their LTCI policies are exhausted, while retaining assets that would otherwise need to be spent down. Although partnership is not a new concept, it was only available in a handful of states until two years ago. Now, 38 states have partnership policies available for sale.
The federal government has, for many years, offered tax incentives on the purchase of qualified LTCI policies. In addition, most states offer incentives for purchasers of long-term care insurance.
For premiums paid by an individual, deductibility is determined by combining premium payments (subject to age-based limits) with unreimbursed medical expenses. If the total exceeds 7.5% of the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, the premium may be deductible for taxpayers who itemize. The following chart displays age-based limits on long-term care insurance deductibility:
Companies may deduct long-term care insurance payments made for employees, their spouses and dependents. There is no requirement that the insurance be provided on a non-discriminatory basis, and the deduction is not limited to the age-based numbers shown in the chart.
The increasing cost of care
As motivating as tax incentives can be, it’s rarely the motivating factor for someone to purchase a policy. Often, the motivation is something a bit more personal, such as the impact a need for long-term care would have on a consumer’s retirement finances and legacy planning. People who have witnessed a friend or family member who needed extended care are predisposed to purchasing insurance. They have witnessed firsthand the surprise when someone realizes that none of their traditional insurances covers long-term care. While no one enjoys a surprise bill of any sort, for many, the ultimate, unwanted financial surprise is the cost of long-term care.
Since Medicare does sometimes pay for long-term care in the right situation, many people still mistakenly think that Medicare will take care of their future long-term care needs, no matter the circumstance or duration. Medicare has a limited skilled care (nursing home) benefit under certain conditions (100 days of care at a maximum) and a skilled care home care benefit under still different conditions (limited to medically necessary, non-daily visits that follow a hospital stay only). What most do not realize is that the vast majority of long-term care is not skilled, medically necessary care, but custodial care — meaning nonmedical care. Medicare, Medicare supplements and health insurance are not designed to cover nonmedical care. Long-term care insurance is the only insurance designed to cover the costs of nonmedical care.
And these costs are high. The 2011 Genworth Cost of Care Survey examined the cost data on long-term care for every state. On the national level, the 2011 median hourly rate for a licensed home health aide was $19 ($152 for an eight-hour shift). The national median cost of an assisted living facility unit (one bedroom, single occupancy) was $3,261 per month. The national median rate for a private room in a nursing home was $193 per day (or $5,790 a month). Imagine how quickly this will eat through the average consumer’s retirement fund. The risk is, arguably, one that most Americans cannot afford without insurance.
In his book “Fooled by Randomness,” risk engineering professor and financial guru Nassim Nicholas Taleb writes, “It is not how likely an event is that matters…it is the magnitude of the outcome that counts.” Most Americans buckle their seatbelts, just in case. They purchase fire insurance for their homes. They get an annual physical with their doctor. They are willing to endure minor inconveniences and expenses because they believe the magnitude of the risk in not taking action just doesn’t make sense. It’s time long-term care planning received the same diligence. Luckily, it’s easy for an agent to either begin to design and sell LTCI or to partner with an LTCI specialist.
The past few years have been exciting in the field of long-term care insurance. If you are not yet bringing up long-term care planning to your clients, 2012 is the perfect time to change that!
By Denise Jaehnke, CEPP, CLTC
From the February 01, 2012 issue of Life Insurance Selling
Denise Jaehnke, CEPP, CLTC, is president of Extended Personal Service LtdWelcome, Foolish Mortals...
Ever since the original Haunted Mansion was constructed at Disneyland in 1963, it has spooked its way into the hearts and imaginations of people of all ages. Ask anyone what they believe is the seminal haunted house attraction anywhere in the world, and the Haunted Mansion is almost sure to be it.
Our Journey Begins Here...
The Haunted Mansion began its life, as most early Disney attractions did, with an idea from Walt himself. In the mid 1950s, Walt wanted Imagineer Ken Anderson and concept artist Harper Goff to start formulating ideas for a walk-through haunted house attraction for Disneyland, which was then in development.
The original idea was to situate the house just off the main drag of Main Street, U.S.A. Guests would follow a short, winding path to this mysterious 'old house on the hill' similar in appearance to the 'haunted houses' often found in small towns across the country.
As Disneyland took shape, the idea of a haunted house was moved from Main Street to the proposed New Orleans Square section of the park. Anderson retooled his original design to make the house mesh architecturally with the early 19th century plantation style of New Orleans. He based his design on the historic Shipley-Lidecker House, located in Baltimore, and took various elements from that house which are still seen today in Disneyland's version of the attraction.
Anderson and Goff originally envisioned the house as run-down and decrepit. When they presented their ideas for the exterior to Walt, he disagreed. He wanted everything to look nice, to match the pristine look of the park. He didn't want people to think that Disneyland wasn't taking care of its attractions. He famously said "We'll take care of the outside, and let the ghosts take care of the inside."
Almost As Though You Sense a Disquieting Metamorphosis...
Unlike most Disney attractions, there was no real 'story' of the Mansion when it first opened (and, some may argue, there still isn't!). However, the Mansion originally had an entire history behind it, remnants of which still exist today.
Bloodmere Manor was the early working title for the attraction, based on its proposed nautical theme. The Imagineers likely wanted to link the Mansion with its New Orleans Square neighbor, Pirates of the Caribbean.
In the storyline, Captain Bloodmere (just one of the many names of the captain, depending on who tells the story) and his bride met their untimely demises in the Mansion. One of the darker stories of the couple involved the Captain, who was lost at sea, coming back in a murderous rage as a ghost to entomb his bride inside the brick walls of the fireplace.
Despite its more sinister undertones, a scene from this concept was built into a full-sized set by Imagineers Rolly Crump and Yale Gracey in a Disney warehouse. The scene involved the Captain, a-drip with sea water, disappearing right before the guests' eyes, leaving behind nothing but a puddle, as the skeletal bride came right at guests from her tomb within the fireplace.
Those who saw it said it was an impressive feat of illusions, using the popular Pepper's Ghost effect (which is used in the Mansion today), along with a Flying Crank Ghost. Sadly, the whereabouts of this piece of Mansion history are unknown.
Walt also thought it might be a good idea to base the Mansion around a Disney property. An encounter with the Headless Horseman, from the 1949 Disney film The Adventures Of Ichabod and Mr. Toad, was proposed, and even made it into the early scripting stage. Another film considered as a tie-in was the Lonesome Ghosts short. In that film, Mickey, Donald, and Goofy are members of the Ajax Ghost Exterminators hired to evict some ghosts from an old haunted house. Unbeknownst to them, their employers are the ghosts themselves, eager for some fun since no one ever visits them.
By 1958, Anderson had left the project to work on Sleeping Beauty, and so Crump and Gracey took over the task. Between old concepts and new ideas, the two of them managed to fill an entire warehouse with models, concept art, audio-animatronics, and full-scale mockups for possible use in the Mansion.
Crump tells a story about when they knew they were on the right track with their effects. According to him, the janitors wanted the lights in the building kept on at night, because they were creeped out when they went in there to clean.
Crump and Gracey agreed, but decided to have a little fun by installing motion sensors. When the janitors tripped the sensors, the lights turned off, and all the ghostly effects came to life! The next morning, when they entered the building, Crump and Gracey found all the effects still running and a janitor's broom in the middle of the floor.
Needless to say, the janitors called and said they wouldn't be back to clean anytime soon.
About the same time, Walt envisioned two parts of the Haunted Mansion: the walk-through attraction itself and a 'spill area' which would be connected to the queue and contain a themed restaurant, much like Pirate's Blue Bayou. This area would also showcase oddities and curiosities from around the world. They called it the Museum of the Weird.
Rolly Crump developed everything that would have gone into the museum, including the Wax Candle Man and the Demonic Clock. In fact, in one episode of Walt Disney's Wonderful World Of Color television show, Walt showcased some of the models being built for the attraction, and even discussed them on-camera with Crump.
Even though the Museum was abandoned, some of Crump's ideas for the Museum were used in various forms throughout the Haunted Mansion.
Consider This Dismaying Observation...
The exterior of the Mansion was completed in the early 1960s, but there were still many questions being asked about what was to go inside.
Walt himself halted work on the attraction around the same time the facade was finished. The 1964-65 World's Fair in New York was coming up, and he wanted his best and brightest minds to help him create the attractions he had been hired to build. And so for years, all attention was focused on Great Moments with Mr. Lincoln, it's a small world, and the Carousel of Progress. After the Fair, when work on Disneyland attractions resumed in earnest, Walt's death in December 1966 delayed the completion of the Haunted Mansion even further.
The Imagineers revered Walt, who always made the final call on attractions - but Walt had died before making a decision about the Haunted Mansion theme. Without Walt to guide them, the Imagineers weren't sure how to proceed.
So, for nearly a decade, the Haunted Mansion sat ominously vacant on the Disneyland property. Guests wondered what dark spirits lay dormant inside the building, and why it was taking so long to bring them to life.
One of the main concerns of the Mansion was the balance of 'fright vs. light,' as it has come to be known. Some Imagineers thought the ride should be a scary, effects-driven attraction, while others favored a silly, light-hearted romp through the spirit world.
In the end, both sides got their way, at least in part. Guests visiting the Mansion today usually notice that the first half of the ride is more frightening and spooky than the humorous second half, when the ghosts come out to play.
After learning some new tricks about crowd flow at the World's Fair, the Imagineers realized that the Mansion would not work as a walk-through attraction. If they used guided tours, the number of guests per hour passing through the Mansion would be low, and that would create long lines outside. The Imagineers also had to deal with the problem of guests who chose to lag behind the group and stroll at their leisure through the haunted halls, adding to the congestion and spoiling the experience for the next group.
Fortunately, the solution to all these problems presented itself: the Omnimover system. Nicknamed 'Doom Buggies', these slow-moving vehicles would transport large numbers of people through the Mansion every hour and help direct their focus to what the Imagineers wanted them to see.
Be sure to read Part 2 of the History of the Haunted Mansion HERE
Haunted Mansion Quick Facts, Part 1
Here are some frightening but fabulous facts about the Haunted Mansion which you may not have known - or perhaps were too scared to remember.
Here are some frightening but fabulous facts about the Haunted Mansion which you may not have known - or perhaps were too scared to remember.
- From the Jungle to the Mansion - The scared caretaker, who greets you speechlessly just before you enter the graveyard, looks very familiar, doesn't he? He should! His face also appears on The Jungle Cruise as the low man on the totem pole getting chased by the rhino! I guess he didn't "get the point... in the end."
- Walt Disney Or Bust - Despite popular belief, Walt Disney is NOT one of the singing busts in the graveyard sequence. That is actually Thurl Ravenscroft, whose voice can be found in many other Disney attractions, and who has many TV and film credits.
- Ghostly Apparitions - The graveyard ghosts seem more ghostly due to their reflective, transparent clothing. A scrim between the guests and the ghosts helps enchance this effect even further.
- Mickey in the Hood - Just before you exit the graveyard scene, look to the right of the opera singers and you'll be able to see a ghostly, hooded figure with his left arm raised inside the doorway of a crypt. Look at the hand closely: it's a hidden Mickey!
- Servant's Quarters - When you first leave the Mansion, there is a door to your right marked "Servant's Quarters." Despite rarely being seen by guests, this short hallway contains a large key rack, with hooks labeling every room within the Mansion. Unfortunately, the keys that once hung from these hooks have been lost over the years. Or perhaps someone - or something - has borrowed them to hide deep within the Mansion?
- Mr. Toad's Final Ride - When you exit the ride at Walt Disney World, look for the pet cemetary on the hill to your left. Far in the back you can see a hidden tribute to the now extinct Mr. Toad's Wild Ride.
- Ghostly Goodnight - When standing on line for the Mansion at night, look at the windows! A ghostly image can sometimes be seen going from room to room, holding a flickering candle.
All photos copyright Disney
Tickets are now on sale for the
COMMUNICORE WEEKLY 38TH WEEKAVERSARY
&
EPCOT 30 YEAR ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION!
For more tickets and more information, be sure to visit MiceChat.com/store!
by Jeff Heimbuch:
Join us on the evening of Saturday, September 29th 2912 before the show will be available to those who would like to participate (prizes will be awarded)!
[*=left]Prizes, giveaways and more!
[*=left]The chance to be a part of EPCOT and Communicore Weekly history!
[*=left]Endless Five Legged Goats and perhaps even a real life Bathroom Break!
[*=left]Exclusive late night ride after park closing on a selected EPCOT attraction to cap off the evening!
For more tickets and more information, be sure to visit MiceChat.com/store!
by Jeff Heimbuch
If you have a tip, questions, comments, or gripes, please feel free email me at jeff@bamferproductions.com or leave a comment below. I'd love to hear from you!
Jeff also writes another column called From The Mouth Of The Mouse. We invite you to check it out.
Jeff co-hosts the weekly VidCast Communicore Weekly as well!
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER:
FRIEND ME ON FACEBOOK:
Jeff also writes another column called From The Mouth Of The Mouse. We invite you to check it out.
Jeff co-hosts the weekly VidCast Communicore Weekly as well!
FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER:
FRIEND ME ON FACEBOOK:College delivers data analytics courses for industry
Our multi-disciplinary approach to data analytics provides business and government departments with skilled employees, who are qualified to make informed decisions and evaluations through factual, data-driven approaches.
Consider strengthening your own team’s ability through our customised data analytics courses. We have a range of non-award and award delivery options, taught by world-class experts who work directly with your business needs. By empowering your employees with skills in data analysis, you can potentially reduce operational costs and make faster, better decisions.
The College has partnered with a range of organisations to deliver our data analytics courses to their staff. This includes:
- Australian Institute of Health and Welfare
- Department of Social Services
- Department of Defence
- Department of Human Services
- Australian Taxation Office.Dominic Frisby was due to preview his Edinburgh show on June 27 but the gig was cancelled, presumably because the promoter thought everyone would be watching England playing Iceland. In retrospect I think everyone would have rather have been watching Dominic Frisby, despite him being one of the few comedians who advocated leaving Europe. And Frisby isn't a moron, he knows about finance and has written for Moneyweek. So while it is tempting to dismiss him there is a tiny part of me that maybe hopes that Frisby is right.Carbon capture and storage is a field India and the UK have great potential to collaborate on, writes the founder of a clean carbon company.
The UK and India have a history of collaboration when it comes to energy, something which looks set to continue for the foreseeable future. Notably, ahead of the November 2015 Paris climate summit, the two countries penned a comprehensive package of collaboration on energy and climate change, including commercial deals worth £3.2 billion, and a £10-million joint research partnership into new low-carbon technologies.
India's foremost outbound investment magazine
I've Just Signed-Up to
India's Globalisation Story
Join meCareer.
Note : Your Quotation Request will be directed to Dbwave Technologies.
The DBDC2000500200B from Dbwave Technologies is a Directional Coupler with Frequency 500 MHz to 2 GHz, Coupling 20 dB, Directivity 20 dB, Average Power 60 W, Insertion Loss 0.4 dB. Tags: Module with Connectors. More details for DBDC2000500200B can be seen below.
698 MHz to 2.7 GHz, 3.1 dB Directional Coupler
0.5 to 500 MHz SMT Directional Coupler
You can now find similar products from multiple companies on everything RF."Detecting autism before age two has been notoriously difficult, in part because the disease is diagnosed based on behavioral traits, including a difficulty to make eye contact or respond to their name. Many of the telltale signs aren’t present in children that young, especially infants younger than one year old.
But the study, reported in the journal Nature, suggests that identifying autism spectrum disorder (ASD) before symptoms arise may not be as far-fetched as scientists once thought."
Our CEO/Medical Director, Dr. Joyce Elizabeth Mauk, finds this study encouraging so that potentially intervention can begin earlier, but wants to be clear that the techniques are research level and not commercially available. She is not able to order these tests for patients, but nonetheless finds this study and information promising.
Read the full article here.Physiotherapists Congratulate Akinbo As UNILAG’s Deputy Provost
THE Nigeria Society of Physiotherapy has congratulated the new Deputy Provost, College of Medicine, University of Lagos (CMUL), Idi-Araba, Lagos, Professor Sunday Akinbo
According to a letter signed by its President, Taiwo Oyewumi, the body said it is excited by Akinbo’s new elevation and position of responsibility, stressing that he is a worthy ambassador of the NSP and the Nigerian nation.
“This is the first time a physiotherapist will rise to this enviable height within the College in Nigeria. Based on your passion and commitment in the academia, you are among the golden professors of the University of Lagos when the University marked her golden anniversary. You have also delivered your inaugural lecture in record time.
“As you serve as Deputy Provost and participates in major CMUL and the University policy decisions, we are confident that you will serve to move CMUL and University of Lagos to the next level with your wealth of experience, exposure and education garnered from your previous academic and leadership positions. We pray that the almighty God will grant you the requisite wisdom and well withal to actualise your set goals and objectives in this new assignment,” he stated.A teenager who killed a seven-year-old girl in a park when she smothered her and slashed at her body with a Stanley knife will be sentenced later today.
Katie Rough was found with severe lacerations to her neck and chest on a playing field in York in January and did not respond to frantic attempts to revive her.
Paul and Alison Rough (centre), parents of murdered York schoolgirl Katie Rough, arriving at York Minster with the Archbishop of York Dr John Sentamu.
But a judge at Leeds Crown Court heard earlier this year how she actually died from being smothered by her attacker - a 16-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons.
The court heard in July how the teenager was standing in a nearby cul-de-sac, covered in blood and carrying a blood-stained Stanley knife as she rang 999 to tell police what she had done.
The judge was told she may have been trying to prove the youngster was not a robot, as she had "irrational beliefs" about how people "may not be human and may be controlled by a higher and hostile force", a court heard earlier this year.
The girl denied murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter by diminished responsibility at hearing at Leeds Crown Court. This plea was accepted by the prosecution and she will be sentenced on Thursday by Mr Justice Soole.
The judge has heard how the girl began suffering from mental health problems more than a year before the killing.
Prosecutors said she had reported delusional thoughts as well as depression, self-harm and suicidal thoughts.
They said the girl had talked of being convinced that people "weren't human and were robots".
He said the girl became distressed when one doctor asked her later "whether she killed Katie to test whether she was a robot".
The court heard that, although psychosis was being investigating prior to the killing, it had not been diagnosed.
Nicholas Johnson QC, defending, told the last hearing it may."
In July, the judge said he wanted more questions answering by medical experts before he could pass sentence, and apologised to Katie's family for the delay.+ Locations, Office Hours & Directions
Dr. Saul David is an anesthesiologist in San Luis Obispo, who manages patient pain levels before, during, and after surgical procedures.
We invite you to write a review about your experience with Dr. David.
Yes, Dr. Saul J. David is accepting new patients at this office.
(805) 349-8160
1010 Murray Avenue, San Luis Obispo, CA 93405-1806
NOTE: Please contact the doctor’s office to confirm your coverage before making an appointment.
Dr. Saul David graduated from Other in 1978.
Dr. David has one office in California where he specializes in Anesthesiology.
Dr. David works with twenty-three doctors including Dr. Stephen Chu and Dr. Scott Smelser.
As an anesthesiologist in San Luis Obispo, CA, Dr. David ensures patients are free of pain before (pre-op), during, and after (post-op) a surgical procedure. By administering anesthesia, Dr. David. David, but only those who participate in Medicare.
Read the most recent articles about Anesthesiology
See our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.Authority
The Board has established a committee to be known as the Audit Committee (the Committee), which is a committee of the Board of Directors (the Board) from which it derives its authority and to which it is accountable. The Committee is authorised by the Board to:
- investigate any activity within its Terms of Reference.
- seek any information it requires from any employee. All employees are directed to co-operate with any reasonable request made by the Committee.
- commission internal investigations as it considers appropriate.
- obtain outside expert advice and support including legal advice and to secure the attendance of outsiders with relevant experience and expertise if it considers this necessary.
Purpose
The main functions and responsibilities of the Committee are to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with specific regard to:
- Monitoring the integrity of the interim and annual financial statements and formal announcements relating to financial performance, focusing particularly on significant financial reporting judgements and ensuring the financial statements overall are fair, balanced and understandable and that the interests of the Society’s members are properly protected.
- Reviewing the adequacy of systems of internal controls and the risk management systems and ensuring that the interests of the Society’s members are properly protected.
- Scrutinising the activities and performance of the Internal Audit function.
- Monitoring the external auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process.
- Recommending the appointment and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors.
- Overseeing the Society’s whistleblowing arrangements.
In carrying out its duties, the Committee should consider key matters of its own initiative rather than relying solely on the work of the external auditor. It must satisfy itself that the sources of assurance and information it has used to carry out its roles to review, monitor and provide assurance or recommendations to the Board are sufficient and objective.
Meetings and Membership
- Chairman
The Committee will be chaired by a Non-Executive Director (other than the Board Chairman) as appointed from time to time by the Board on the recommendation of the Nominations & Governance Committee. If the Chairman is absent at any meeting, the other Committee Members present will elect one of their number to chair the meeting.
- Membership
The Committee will comprise the Audit Committee Chairman, the Board Risk Committee chairman and at least one other Member who will be appointed from the Non-Executive Directors (except for the Chairman of the Board) on the recommendation of the Nominations & Governance Committee in consultation with the Audit Committee Chairman. The Committee may operate with a vacancy. At least one member of the Committee should have recent and relevant financial experience with a professional qualification from one of the professional accountancy bodies. The Committee as a whole should have competence relevant to the financial services sector.
- Attendance
Only members of the Committee have the right to attend meetings. However the Chief Executive, Finance Director, Chief Risk Officer, the External Audit Partner and the Chief Internal Auditor shall normally attend meetings in their entirety. Other Board Members including the Chairman shall also have the right of attendance. Other senior managers may attend at the invitation of the Chairman of the Committee, but only for the duration of their presentation. At least once a year the Committee shall meet with the external auditors and, separately, with the Chief Internal Auditor without the Executive Directors present to discuss matters relating to their remit and any issues arising from the audit work they have undertaken.
- Frequency
Meetings shall be held not less than four times a year. Any Member, the External Audit Partner or the Chief Internal Auditor may direct the Secretary to convene a meeting. Outside of the formal meeting programme, the Chairman of the Committee shall maintain a dialogue with key individuals involved in the Society’s governance, including the Chairman, the Chief Executive, the Finance Director and the Chief Internal Auditor.
- Quorum
Meetings of the Committee will be quorate if there are present at least two members of the Committee.
- Secretary
The General Counsel and Secretary or their nominee shall be the Secretary of the Committee, except at such times when private discussion takes place between the Committee and external auditors.
- Meeting preparation
The Secretary of the Committee shall draft the agenda for each meeting and provide this to the Chairman of the Committee for approval in advance of the meeting. The Secretary of the Committee shall collate the papers and issue to all attendees at least five days prior to the meeting. Meetings may be held in person or by telephone.
- Reporting responsibilities
Formal minutes of the meetings of the Committee will be taken and circulated to members of the Committee. The Committee shall report to the Board on how it has discharged its responsibilities. Accordingly, minutes of Committee meetings will be submitted to the Board in the month following each meeting. In addition, the Chairman of the Committee will verbally report to the Board after each meeting of the Committee. The Chairman of the Committee or another of its members will be available at the Society’s AGM to answer member questions on matters falling within the Committee's remit.
Duties
The Committee shall carry out the following duties for the Society and its subsidiaries:
Financial Reporting
1. The Committee shall review the accuracy and integrity of the half-year and annual financial statements and any other formal announcements relating to financial performance of the Society prior to submission to the Board, focusing particularly on and challenging when necessary:
i) the consistency of, and any significant changes to, accounting policies and practices;
ii) significant financial reporting issues, estimates and judgments;
iii) significant adjustments resulting from the audit;
iv) risks to audit quality;
v) the going concern assumption;
vi) the adequacy of risk management arrangements, taking into account a report from the Chief Risk Officer;
vii) compliance with accounting standards and other relevant regulatory and legal requirements, taking into account the views of the external auditor.
2. The Committee shall consider and advise the Board whether the Annual Report & Accounts, when taken as a whole, are fair, balanced and understandable and provide the information necessary for members to assess the Society’s business model, strategy and performance.
3. The Committee shall approve a report of its activities for inclusion in the Society’s Report & Accounts which shall include reference to:
i) Its view of the effectiveness of the Internal Audit function.
ii) An explanation of how the Committee has assessed the effectiveness of the external audit process and the approach taken on the appointment or reappointment of the external auditor.
iii) Details of the length of tenure of the existing external auditor.
iv) In the event the external auditor undertakes non-audit services for the Society, what arrangements are in place to ensure the objectivity and independence of the external auditor is safeguarded.
4. The Committee shall, in compiling such report for the Report & Accounts, include an explanation of the significant issues that the Committee considered in relation to the financial statements and how these issues were addressed and all other information requirements set out in the Corporate Governance Code.
Internal Controls and Risk Management Systems
5. The Committee shall review annually reports from the Internal Audit function regarding their assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Society’s systems of business and financial control and risk management systems, including the effectiveness of the Enterprise Wide Risk Management Framework and review and approve the statements to be included in the Annual Report & Accounts concerning internal control and risk management systems. The outcome of the review will be reported to the Board via the report regarding the financial statements.
6. The Committee shall consider the findings of internal investigations, together with management’s response, that it has commissioned and any others that it reasonably considers relevant to its work.
Internal Audit
7. The Committee shall approve the appointment of the Chief Internal Auditor, after considering recommendations from the Chief Executive, and review any matters arising from the resignation or dismissal of the Chief Internal Auditor.
8. The Committee shall ensure that the Chief Internal Auditor has direct access to the Board Chairman, an independent reporting line to the Committee Chairman and is accountable to the Committee.
9. The Committee shall review and approve the Internal Audit function’s remit, having regard to the complementary roles of the Internal Audit function and the external auditors.
10. The Committee shall review whether the internal audit function is adequately resourced, sufficiently independent, and has appropriate standing within the Society to fulfill its remit including monitoring.
11. The Committee shall oversee the performance of the Internal Audit function including assessing whether the function has the skills and resources available to undertake an audit of the Treasury function and is operating effectively as part of the Society’s overall risk management framework in line with Policy Statement 7/15 issued by the PRA.
12. The Committee shall approve and monitor progress with the Internal Audit Annual Operational Plan.
13. The Committee shall receive reports from the Chief Internal Auditor, together with findings and recommendations for improvement (and, where necessary, to ensure the Board is made aware of significant issues).
14. The Committee shall monitor and review management’s responsiveness to the internal audit findings and recommendations.
External Audit
15. The Committee shall consider and recommend to the Board the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external auditors. If relevant, the Committee shall investigate the issues arising from any resignation by an external auditor and consider what action is required as a result.
16. The Committee shall oversee the selection process for a new appointment of an external auditor of the Society, ensuring that the Society complies with the EU Audit Reform Directive and Regulation on mandatory firm rotation for public interest entities and other applicable legislation and codes of practice.
17. The Committee shall oversee the relationship with the external auditor including (but not limited to);
i) assessing annually the qualification, expertise and resources of the external auditors;
ii) approving their remuneration, including both fees for audit and non-audit services, and ensuring that the level of fees is appropriate to enable an effective and high quality audit to be conducted;
iii) approving their terms of engagement, including any engagement letter issued at the start of each audit and the scope of the audit;
iv) reviewing and approving the annual audit plan and ensuring it is consistent with the scope of the audit engagement, having regard to the seniority, expertise and experience of the audit team;
v) reviewing the findings of the audit with the external auditor including discussing major issues which arose during the audit, levels of errors identified in the audit and the effectiveness of the audit process overall;
vi) assessing annually their independence and objectivity taking into account relevant UK professional and regulatory requirements and the relationship with the auditor as a whole, including the provision of any non-audit services;
vii) satisfying itself that there are no relationships between the auditor and the Society (other than in the ordinary course of business) which could adversely affect the auditor’s independence and objectivity;
viii) monitoring the auditor’s compliance with relevant ethical and professional guidance on the rotation of audit partner, the level of fees paid by the Society compared to the overall fee income of the firm and other related requirements; and
ix) reviewing the external auditor’s management recommendations.
18. The Committee shall review audit representation letters and management letters and the responses of management to matters raised by the external auditor.
19. The Committee shall agree and monitor the Society’s policies for the employment of former employees of the external audit firm and the engagement of the external auditor to supply non-audit services.
Whistleblowing
20. The Committee shall oversee the arrangements by which the Society’s staff may raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters (whistleblowing) and ensure that any such matter is properly investigated and followed up as required in line with the Society’s Whistleblowing Policy and the relevant regulatory requirements. The Committee shall receive a report from the Whistleblowing Champion (as that term is defined in the Whistleblowing Policy) annually prior to such report being provided to the Board.
21. The Committee shall review the Society’s procedures for detecting fraud and its systems and controls for the prevention of bribery.
Other Matters
22. The Committee shall consider other topics, as defined by the Board.
23. The Committee shall report to the Board on how it has discharged its responsibilities including its review of the Society’s Annual Report & Accounts and other financial statements as well as information presented with the financial statements such as the business review and corporate governance statements relating to audit and risk management. In relation to the financial statements, the Committee shall report on the significant issues that it considered and how they were addressed and its assessment of the effectiveness of the external audit process.
24. The Committee shall undertake regular training including on financial reporting developments in order to keep its skills and relevant knowledge up to date.
25. The Committee shall undertake an annual assessment of its effectiveness and report the output of this assessment to the Board.
Annual Review
The Committee Terms of Reference are reviewed at least annually by the Committee. Any changes are approved by the Board and the up-to-date Terms of Reference are included in the Board Governance manual and on the Society’s website.
These Terms of Reference were approved by the Audit Committee on 13 September 2016 and by the Board on 23 November 2016.What’s an easy way to start?
“I’ve got some ideas, I need you to make them interesting!”
Does this sound familiar? Who hasn’t been given a presentation of bullet points and told to create an interactive learner experience?
Now I’m doing it to myself with this blog!
I want to inform people, maybe teach them something they didn’t know, refresh something in them that they had forgotten, even entertain, ha, if I get lucky!
What can I do? I’m a learning design consultant for a major general insurer working with a variety of blended learning methods, with a focus on e-learning. After pushing PowerPoint to its limit we’re finally moving towards a dedicated authoring tool (or two) to go along side our shiny new LMS. Though trusty old PowerPoint will still be playing it’s part.
The last couple of months have been hectic with my normal workloads, as well as getting my hands on and getting my head around Lectora Online and Captivate. After spending some time using them both and despite climbing a pretty steep learning curve, I can’t wait to really start using them to their full potential. All I can see now when I look at other e-learning is: “I know how I could do that and maybe I could do it better!” Exciting times are ahead.
So, I’m going to try and share my experiences of learning design, my challenges, how I overcame them and how you can avoid them. I may even post some tutorials for those of you who may also be lucky enough to get to play with some new tools or are just interested in design… All the while taking you, my reader, on a little learning journey.
Great start Pete-the first step in a long and fruitful journey!
This sounds really interesting, so looking forward to following your posts.
A xMAE Seminar: PyFR: High-Order Accurate Cross-Platform Petascale Computational Fluid Dynamics with Python, Friday, April 28, 3:30 PM, Maeder Hall, ACEE
Freddie Witherden
Stanford University
Host: Luigi Martinelli, Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Friday, April 28, 2017 at 3:30 PM
Maeder Hall, ACEE
High-order numerical methods for unstructured grids combine the superior accuracy of high-order spectral or finite difference methods with the geometrical many-core hardware platforms, such as graphics processing units (GPUs). The aforementioned properties of FR mean it offers a promising route to performing affordable, and hence industrially relevant, scale-resolving simulations of hitherto intractable unsteady flows within the vicinity of real-world engineering geometries.
In this talk we will present PyFR an open-source, Python-based framework for solving the Navier-Stokes equations using the FR approach at extreme scale. Results will be presented for various benchmark and "real-world" flow problems, and scalability/performance of PyFR will be demonstrated on clusters with thousands of NVIDIA GPUs. Current challenges and future directions within computational fluid dynamics, and computational mechanics in general, will also be discussed.
Freddie Witherden studied Physics with Theoretical Physics at Imperial College London between 2008–2012 earning an MSci degree with first class honors.. Freddie's main research interests are in the development new and novel approaches to enable the simulation of hitherto intractable flow problems at extreme scale.
Social Period outside of Maeder Hall following the seminar.
All are welcome…
Location: Maeder Hall Auditorium, Andlinger Center
Date/Time: 04/28/17 at 3:30 pm - 04/28/17 at 5:00 pm
Category: Seminars
Department: MAEAuthor: Diane Fiscus
I was born and raised in North Idaho. My husband of 38 years and I own a family farm near Potlatch ID. We raised both our children there. I started this new career after following my husband to Boise. I always wanted to study Skincare and the opportunity made itself and I dove in! I love this career and this daily learning curve.From Intrepid Sportfishing
Fish Report for 9-11-2017
Wahoo and Tuna
9-11-2017
Steve Hoffman
Hi Gang,
What a phenomenal day of fishing we just experienced. It all started with our guys catching good grade yellowfin tuna in the dark, before first light. Most of this fish was 18 to 25 pounds and we had a number of fish that were right at the 40 pound mark. We looked around for wahoo for the rest of the morning and early afternoon. We ended up having a pretty nice day on wahoo with 4 or 5 decent stops through out the day. The guys that were fishing the bombs and the Raider jigs did best on the wahoo today. Wahoo fishing is always exciting and it was great to see some of our guys catch their first ever wahoo today. We set up for tuna this afternoon and that's when things got really interesting. That same grade of tuna we saw this morning wanted to bite this afternoon. It was real deal tuna fishing with baits getting bit as soon as they hit the water. It was pandemonium for a couple of hours and when the dust had settled, we had our quota of tuna for the day. The best thing about this tuna fishing right now is the impressive overall grade. To top off this incredibly good day, our chefs prepared a dinner of scallops and spot prawns paired with a Kunde Dunfillan Cuvee. Nothing short of amazing. We have high hopes for tomorrow. Wish us luck, Captain Bill Cavanaugh and the Intrepid TeamNew OnePlus 5 Variant To be Launched On September 19th
OnePlus is hosting an event on September 19 in Paris and it seems like a special edition OnePlus 5 might be launched. It’s more than likely that the new edition will have the same specifications but a fancier name for the colour of the new variant. OnePlus has confirmed that it is collaborating with designer Jean-Charles de Castelbajac. The invite of the event, however, doesn’t reveal much about the phone but, the collaboration is clearly mentioned in the graphic.
OnPlus’ social media activities quite often hint to what’s coming but it looks like this time around, the Chinese smartphone startup is going all out to keep it a secret. The invite mentions style and machine, which means that the new OnePlus 5 variant will be a special edition and may have a unique colour to go with it. OnePlus, in the past, has released special edition colour variants of its flagship like the Black Colette edition of the OnePlus 3T and then the Soft Gold variant of the OnePlus 5.
Before OnePlus launched the Soft Gold variant, it was heavily speculated that a RED edition OnePlus 5 will be unveiled just like the iPhone 7 Plus Product RED variant but, sadly that wasn;t the case. OnePlus 5’s uncanny similarity with the iPhone 7 Plus in terms of the design was also one of the reasons the Red colour OnePlus 5 was expected. Before the OnePlus 5 was launched, it was rumoured that the smartphone will launch in a Blue colour variant and accurate renders were even posted online. The blue and yellow in the invite might be a hint towards the new colours or a variant that uses both the blue and yellow colour which will be very interesting.
@oneplus How about it ? #blue #op5 Gold Accents ! #GitErDone @OnePlus_IN pic.twitter.com/pcEAkikcih
— iGyaan (@igyaan) August 9, 2017
Whatever colour the OnePlus team decides to launch come September 19, it will be a special edition and everyone may not get a chance to own one of these. Watch our in-depth review of the OnePlus 5 herePembroke woman suing Hampton Beach CasinoBy JASON SCHREIBER
Union Leader Correspondent
May 30. 2013 10:08PM
BRENTWOOD — A Pembroke woman who was run over by a sport utility vehicle in a parking lot at the Hampton Beach Casino has filed suit, claiming she was struck while a parking attendant was directing the SUV.
Hana Braga is suing the Hampton Beach Casino and the driver of the SUV following the accident on June 25, 2010, that left her with "severe and painful" injuries to her right ankle and foot, lower back, hip and neck, the suit said.
According to the suit filed in Rockingham County Superior Court, Braga was standing next to her car and was removing items to place in a stroller to take to the beach when a 2005 Chevrolet Trailblazer was backing up under the direction of parking lot attendant Nicholas Barrett.
The suit said the Hampton Beach Casino had a duty to "provide proper training to and supervision of its employees in performing their duties, including the proper direction of traffic in its parking lot."
Braga claims she was hit without warning and immediately fell backward onto the pavement. At that point, the suit said, the SUV ran over her right ankle and foot.
Braga has filed a separate suit against the driver, Sharri L. Mitchell of Manchester, alleging she failed to maintain a proper lookout and didn't sound her horn to alert others of her presence.
Mitchell declined comment on the accident Thursday, referring all questions to her insurance company. She did not provide the name of the insurer.
A representative from the Hampton Beach Casino could not be reached for comment.
jschreiber@newstote.com
Business Public Safety Courts Hampton Top Section StoriesQuiznos
2879 W 95th St Ste 195 Naperville, Illinois 60564
Print | Save | Directions
AboutQuiznos is located at the address 2879 W 95th St in Naperville, Illinois 60564.
Quiznos has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K. .For more information contact Daksha Patel, President
For maps and directions to Quiznos view the map to the right. For reviews of Quiznos see below.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Melanzane Ristorante
817 E Ogden Ave Naperville, Illinois 60563
RESTAURANT.COM
1717 Park St Naperville, Illinois 60563
Steak 'N Shake
1620 N Route 59 Naperville, Illinois 60563
Executive Deli
1100 E Warrenville Rd 75 Ste Naperville, Illinois 60563
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- Daksha Patel
- PRESIDENT
- Phone: (630) 922-3600Thoughtful and entertaining book with many useful ideas – or suggestions how to look at negative situations differently. Rooted in Stoicism, the ideas are very relevant for modern people and modern business. One of the points of the book is separation of what can be controlled and what can not. As many circumstances can be completely unfair, we should not spend energy on lamenting the unfairness of the situation, but rather find the most reasonable plan of action. Wonderful examples:
Two companies interested in growing bananas wanted to buy a desirable piece of land somewhere in Honduras. Unfortunately, two different entities claimed the rights on the land and it was not clear which one can officially sell it. The large company dispatched lawyers and tried to find the rightful owner, the smaller company, however, just met with both owners and bought the land twice. This approach guaranteed the right of ownership of the land for the smaller company.
- Government regulations prohibited building bridges across the river… what interfered with banana shipments. The solution was to build two long piers and a pontoon between them. The construction did the job needed to transport bananas from one side of the river to another.
- A black boy who wanted to read during the time of segregation, forged a request of a white person to allow him to pick up books for somebody else.
The book quotes Serenity Prayer… what seem to be quite beneficial for business: “…to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.”
When Thomas Edison watched his business burn… he suggested his son to call friends to watch the fire they will never see again (the fire was fueled by different chemicals used in the business). Edison did not see a reason to be upset by the event that happened and could not be changed. However, after the fire was extinguished, his company quickly started rebuilding the business.HeartMate III
Images courtesy of Thoratec Corporation
HeartMate III
Ultra-compact LVAD, designed to provide enhanced clinical benefits
The HeartMate III includes a centrifugal blood pump that is implanted directly onto a patient's heart and is designed to take over the pumping ability of the weakened heart's left ventricle, which is responsible for pumping oxygen-rich blood from the lungs throughout the body. The device is implanted above the diaphragm, immediately next to the patient’s.Being a Christian as a newly independent young adult is an exciting, yet often challenging time. Whether they are near or far from home, pursuing a college degree or already started on a vocational path, let's let our young brothers and sisters in Christ know that we care about them and are praying for them by sending a care package.
On Sunday, September 24th, almost 40 gift item request cards where displayed on a table near the church entrance. Thank you for your generosity -- all were taken that day!
Starting on Sunday, October 1st, there will be 17 handmade cards of encouragement waiting for your signature on the table near the church entrance. Donated gift items (from the gift request cards) can be put in the storage cubes under the table. Contributions to help cover the cost of shipping the care packages would be most appreciated; please put your donation in the little blue church donation box.
You are invited to help put together the care packages after second service on Sunday,
October 8th. If you have questions, contact us >>.
WECopyright © Hope Lutheran Church (15370 Meredith State Rd sunbury, ohio 43074). questions? contact us >>Ascension Lutheran Church each fall hosts a special ceremony called the Blessing of the Animals. This year, the event takes place during the 10 a.m. worship in the sanctuary of the church on Sunday, Oct. 4. custom of blessing animals is conducted in remembrance of St. Francis of Assisi’s love for all creatures. St. Francis, whose feast day is Oct. 4, wrote a Canticle of the Creatures, an ode to God’s living things. “All praise to you, Oh Lord, for all these brother and sister creatures.”
The owners of household pets and even stuffed animals bring each of them forward to be blessed by name.
The Rev. Ryan Hersch, pastor of Ascension Lutheran Church, presides at the ceremony and interacts with each of the pets. The various types of animals seem to enjoy the opportunity to observe and meet other species in a safe environment with their owners close at hand.
Ascension Lutheran Church is located at 7100 N. Mockingbird Lane in Paradise Valley. For more information call 480-948-6050 or visit ascensionparadisevalley.org.Big calm on love boat ⛴ ( page1/7 picatrix77 ) :. Pareidolie. flasher le code est mon nouveau dada⛑
Photo by X-XIV(:.M/M)
ID: #95563850
No release on file, may be subject to rights and usage restrictions
ça penche non?! variation parking Silhouettes who knew at the beginning that there would be an end? I invaded the world I do not know man in a hurry3 Great Fishing Gadgets That Can Make Any Angler’s Life Easier
December 26th, 2017 | by Sunit Nandi
Modern technology is shaping the way we live and the hobbies we have. Hundreds of advances are made with any
December 26th, 2017 | by Sunit Nandi
Modern technology is shaping the way we live and the hobbies we have. Hundreds of advances are made with any
December 11th, 2017 | by Guest
Few drivers can imagine being in a car without some music or another kind of audio playing as they drive.
December 5th, 2017 | by Guest
If you are in charge of a VoIP / SIP phone system or are thinking of adopting one for your
September 30th, 2017 | by Guest
Your services or products may possess the highest quality, and yet, it may be quite a tough task to achieve
September 1st, 2017 | by Guest
There are many ways to make extra money, some more elaborate, some simpler, some faster and some more patiently. Primetimeessay
August 21st, 2017 | by Guest
Designing a professional website with the eye-catching theme is insufficient to ensure a superior ranking for your site. You need
July 14th, 2017 | by Guest
The problem that the majority of parents have to face is the difficulties when it comes to homework – it
May 28th, 2017 | by Guest
With the rapid rise in drone market due to innovation of drone technology ,people are becoming more aware about the
May 21st, 2017 | by Guest
If you own property in New Jersey, one of the most important but an overlooked aspect involves oil tank inspection
May 12th, 2017 | by Guest
This year the Danish concept of people adopting a Hygge lifestyle is set to be one of the biggest trends.
May 11th, 2017 | by Guest
When searching for a new phone service for their business, a business owner should ask himself several questions before deciding
April 15th, 2017 | by Guest
Tired of hanging around the same old people every day? Want to get to know more people outside your usual
April 11th, 2017 | by Guest
Learning the HTML coding language can prove to be a worthwhile endeavor. This language is truly one of the most
April 4th, 2017 | by Sunit Nandi
When people land on your website they are often not aware, who you are and whether they can trust you.
April 3rd, 2017 | by Guest
Purchasing new appliances is an easy activity to perform but selling older ones is not that undemanding. For example, you
© CC-BY-NC-SA 2016 Techno FAQ. Some rights reserved.Here are some ideas for bedtime:
Books:
1. Dinosaur vs. bedtime by Bob Shea
2. Froggy goes to bed by Jonathan London
3. Good night, Good Knight by Shelley Moore Thomas
4. Goodnight moon by Margaret Wise Brown
5. How do Dinosaurs say goodnight? by Jane Yolen
6. Imagine a night by Sarah L. Thomson
7. Kiss good night by Amy Hest
8. Lullabyhullaballoo! by Mick Inkpen
9. The napping house by Audrey Wood
10. Bear snores on by Karma Wilson
Songs/Fingerplays
1. Frère Jacques/Are you Sleeping?
2. Ten in the Bed
3. Twinkle Twinkle Little Star
Craft ideas:
Pajama’s
Crazy Quilt
Advertisements57 Reviews
Traveller Rating
- Excellent12
- Very Good20
- Good15
- Average8
- Poor2
Review Overview
- Cleanliness
- Entertainment
- Food
- Service
- Location
Money for safe, money for Wi-Fi, money for internet, money for remote control. My advice, don’t go. Only saving grace is the food was good. But this place badly needs a refurbishment.
I reported a leaking sink in the bathroom which I had to place a towel on. It took three days to repair. The balcony door was filthy; the balcony furniture was completely unusable because of dirt. Sorry will not be back. Incidentally, there was no questionnaire to complete to let the Hotel know how your stay went. I wonder why?
Travel operator: Direct Holidays
The food was very varied and was always something to suit. The in house entertainment was very good with a sprinkling of outside acts coming in who were also very good.
The only down point for us was the restaurant which was invariably crowded and very difficult to obtain a table.
Nothing much has changed really however the entertainment was geared more towards the adults this time, there was no kiddies disco. (There were only about 6 young children in the whole hotel) Food was excellent, although no-one told us about the all inclusive snacks and ice cream being in the dining room this time, another guest told us.
Our room had 2 beds and a pull down, 3 wardrobes with room ontop to put the suitcases. It was very basic but practical. Air conditioing was fab. The bathroom could do with a tidy up but it was fine, and clean. Our room was facing the road this time and the traffic is pretty constant. It didn't stop any of us going to sleep though. The only bad points I can think of is how thin the walls are. We were woken up one night by some people having a row in the early hours, it sounded like they were coming through the wall! And someone had music on at 1.30am but thats not the hotel it is the people, and it didn't wake my son up, just me! The lifts can be a problem also.
We still had a lovely time and met some lovely people, the only thing that spoilt it was the rain for 2 days. I would recommend this hotel but we would probably not go back as we didn't feel that it was geared towards children, (which we look for these days) certainly out of season at least.
Travel operator: Airtours
the food was first class in our opinion something new for each meal on the seven nights we were there we had paella, salmon, turkey, lamb, chicken,lamb chops.
and the desserts were great my fav being the green jelly,
the pool is large and plenty of sunbeds the entertainment crew are good starting at 11am
there is a back door in the pool area which is a short- cut to the beach which is about a 5-10min walk.
i would advise you go all inclusive as the drinks are plentiful and not watered down and can be expensive if
you are on half board. the entertainment was good and the staff very pleasent.
we were worried about noise from the teenagers that stay at the hotel (reviews we read) but i can say that we had a peaceful time the whole week if you stay in a hotel near magaluf then expect to have teenagers staying in your hotel.
and yes they do come in at 4 or 5 in the morning
and they do slam doors but its not the end of the world.
we have been to majorca many times its a great place
and all in all we found this hotel very pleasent.
Travel operator: own booking
Travel operator: Thomsons
paper thin walls (no good if you're a light sleeper)
needs a little renovation all over
small pool area and no free sunbeds
a lot of people were on all-inclusive and drinking all day and night so there was a lot of drunks staggering about day and night
food was rather samey all the time, my partener lived on homemade pizza for the week as the other dishes were no too appealing
Travel operator: thomas cook
Travel operator: thomas cook
Travel operator: thomsons
a would come back any time , infact we have another holiday booked for the 20th july 2009 (h5)
from Leona & Mike
Travel operator: Bahead Travel
Travel operator: Thomas Cook
Ask a Question
Got a question? Ask our community of over 1.5 million users.
Location
Book Your Stay
Looking to stay here? You can check the accommodation availability and get the best prices using the links below:Welcome to WeiKu.com Join Free | Sign In
Welcome to WeiKu.com Join Free | Sign In
Ning bo,China Concentrator DY DYCM-01 Zhejiang China (Mainland) 100 Unit/Units per Month L/C,T/T
The equipment is applicable for procedures such as vacuum concentration and crystallization, creams reclaiming, etc. Theequipmentisapplicableforproceduressuchasvacuumconcentrationandcrystallization,creamsreclaiminganddistillingandalcoholreclaiming
Rotational-Vacuum-Concentrator ALPHA-RVC Rotational-Vacuum-Concentrator ALPHA-RVCHigh capacity benchtop system for concentration of substances with low-boiling solvents, with vacuum measurement and -control. Connection to diaphragm-pumps
Zhejiang China (Mainland) VACUUM NINGBO/Shanghai kfy L/C,T/T QSK 1 Set/Sets per Month Concentrator
1Vacuum, concentratOR, concentration ,concentrating 2 CE,GMP Ruian China ,Jiangnan ,Leader wenzhou China SUMMARIZE:TN Mini Medical low temperature Extracting and concentrating Machine set is king of ideal new product developed and made by our
Henan China (Mainland) Ore Tianjin,Qingdao,Shanghai all 1.5t/h-260t/h concentrator L/C,T/T xinguang
Concentractor Advantages: Simple structure Reliable working condition Convenient operation Low energy consumption High Efficiency concentrator machine is suitable for dehydrating water of the concentration and gangue in the concentrating
Heilongjiang China (Mainland) Concentrator Lh37 Milk T/T Lehua 10000 Unit/Units per Year Steeless
This machine is suitable for Chinese medicine, western medicine, starch sugar, food and dairy field. ApplicationThis machine is suitable for Chinese medicine, western medicine, starch sugar, food dairy material such as enrichment
Jiangxi China (Mainland) Shenzhen Other GY-002 L/C,T/T GY 10000 Set/Sets per Quarter Jaw Plate
gold centrifugal concentratorgold concentrator separates any heavy material from any light material so long as there is sufficie gold concentrator separates any heavy material from any light material so long as there is sufficient difference in
Food Processing Ningbo Rotary Fuel Oil Zhejiang China (Mainland) 10 Piece/Pieces per Month L/C,T/T,Western Union,MoneyGram
concentrator Single-effect external circulation vacuum concentrator includes ordinary type, alcohol recovery type and thick ointment collect.Usage:Single-effect external circulation vacuum concentrator is applicable to concentrate the material,
1-- single-effect energy-saving concentrator The device is to concentrate the material in the occasions such as China traditional drug, west drug, dextrose, amylum sugar, oral liquid, chemistry, foodstuff, monosodium glutamate and milk product and to rec
DOVE Yellow Separator Thailand 2-10 Tons/hr (Solid), 9-45 m3/hr (Slurry) T/T
VBS Concentrator is easy to use, do not require an operator or fresh water and are supplied in 4 models. DOVE has designed, patented and fabricated the most economical, practical and highly efficient minerals concentrator
Zhejiang China (Mainland) Ningbo, China Evaporator SDCC-3 stainless steel L/C,T/T Shuangding solution
professional manufacturer for Extractor and Concentrator. SS304 or SS316 super quality, competitive price. OEM order supported Thank you for your attention to our products and company. We are professional manufacturerforfood &
Section : PolybatchTM Color - Color Concentrates for Film and Molding Section : PolybatchTM Color - Color Concentrates for Film and MoldingA wide spectrum of standard colors is available in pastels, whites (including agricultural films)
Engineers available to service machinery overseas JY 1 CE China (Mainland) 380V
Single Effect Concentrator , Find Complete Details about Single Effect Concentrator,Single Effect Concentrator,Concentration Equipment,Juice Concentrate Machine from Evaporator Supplier or Manufacturer-Shanghai Junyu International Trading Co., Ltd.
xingsheng sing-effect extemal cycling Concentrator Jiangsu China (Mainland) Other L/C,D/P,T/T,Western Union
vacuum concentrator alcohol can be recycted suitable to concentrate the china traditional drug reflux extraction machine vacuum concentrator vacuum concentrator cmedicne machinnerypharmaceutical equipmentsmulti-effect vacuum concentrator
2-0.074(mm) 0.5-1.2 L-S(6-S) 10-30(mm) L/C,D/A,D/P,T/T,Western Union,MoneyGram 15-30% ISO9001:2000 1012
high concentration efficiency, easy operation, convenient adjustment Table concentrator is one of the main gravity-concentration equipments, which is easy to be operated and can produce high grade concentrated ore, secondary grade concentrated ore
Supply pomegranate juice concentrate, apple concentrate, red and white grape concentrate,sour cherry concentrate ,fruit puree... Dear Importer :Our manufacturer can supply different kinds of fruit juice concentrate like : apple concentrate
Fruit Indian Port Karnataka India L/C Chef King Solid 1000 Metric Ton/Metric Tons per Month TAMRIND
Tamarind concentrate, also called tamarind paste, is a pure concentrate of tamarind. Tamarind concentrate, also called tamarind paste, is a pure concentrate of tamarind. Tamarind is the pod of a tree now mostly cultivated in India
tianjingxingang US $ 200 - 500 / Piece 10 Piece/Pieces 3000 Piece/Pieces per Month L/C,D/A,D/P,T/T,Western Union,MoneyGram
Oxygen Concentrator , Find Complete Details about Oxygen Concentrator,Portable Oxygen Concentrator,Mini Portable Oxygen Concentrator,Electric Oxygen Concentrator from Supplier or Manufacturer-Huabin General Machinery & Equipment Import & Export
HACCP, ISO, QS, halala ningbo 100% full flavored and typical of fine quality orange juice US $2,400 - 2,500 / Ton 20 Ton/Tons Normal 18L
Orange Concentrate , Find Complete Details about Orange Concentrate,Orange Juice Concentrate,Orange Puree Concentrate,Citrus Concentrate from Fruit & Vegetable Juice Supplier or Manufacturer-Zhejiang Jinming Biological Technology Co., Ltd.
Xiamen 10 Kilogram/Kilograms 25 L/C,T/T Beverage pure tea concentration 0 bucket
Concentration Products , Find Complete Details about Concentration Products,Tea Concentration,Oolong Tea Concentrate,Black Tea Concentrate from Other Food & Beverage Supplier or Manufacturer-Damin Foodstuff (Zhangzhou) Co., Ltd.
shanghai 50 Piece/Pieces 200000 Piece/Pieces per Month L/C,T/T
Oxygen Concentrator , Find Complete Details about Oxygen Concentrator,Airsep Oxygen Concentrator,Mini Portable Oxygen Concentrator,Used Portable Oxygen Concentrators For Sale from Supplier or Manufacturer-China Viomed Co., Ltd.
Shanghai, Qingdao, Tianjin or other main ports in China 7.6 table concentrator L/C,T/T,negotiable 1.1 kw ISO9001:2000 all manufactured by ourselves for the whole year
Table Concentrator: 1.high processing 2.capacity, high recovery rate 3.high enrichment ratio. Application of Table Concentrator: Table concentrator is a mine selecting machine for fine materials working by gravity
T/T
vacuum concentrator(vacuum evaporator,roundness concentrator) vacuum concentrator(vacuum evaporator,roundness concentrator) The roundness concentration tank, consisting of main body condensatorgas-liquid separator and liquid receiving barrel
60% Concentrated Latex - High Ammonia 60% Concentrated Latex - Low Ammonia 60% Concentrated Latex - High Ammonia 60% Concentrated Latex - Low Ammonia 60% Concentrated Latex - Medium Ammonia In Bulk In Tank Containers In Flexin Bags In Drums
Honbang manufacturer Powder concentrator honbang Jiangsu China (Mainland) Cement Equipment L/C,D/P,T/T
Powder Concentrator HBX Series Combined Inner Cycle Powder Concentrator Powder ConcentratorHBX Series Combined Inner Cycle Powder ConcentratorHBX combined inner powder concentrator have the function of pre-separation of dynamic powder
Shanghai Port US $ 1,000 - 960,000 / Set 1 Set/Sets 100 Set/Sets per Day L/C,D/A,T/T,Western Union
Powder Concentrator , Find Complete Details about Powder Concentrator,Powder Concentrator For Cement,Ts-6 Powder Concentrator,50-85t/h Powder Concentrator from Mineral Separator Supplier or Manufacturer-Shanghai Minggong Heavy Equipment Co., Ltd.
Guangdong China (Mainland) 1 year Portable guangzhou 220 Electrical NT600 95%
oxygen concentrator 1.built in battery 2.Outlet Pressure:0.04-0.06 Mpa 3.oxygen concentration:92% oxygen concentrator Feature:NT600 Portable oxygenconcentrator is developed by our company. Adopt ZSY control system
Forui Other,Gold Separator China (Mainland),Henan
Gold Concentrator Gold Concentrator With the development and research of gravity separation plants, chutes, jig separators, table concentrators and gold centrifugal separators have ever turned up, and jig concentrators prove to be an ideal gold concentr
US $2 - 180 / Piece Welding Shanghai Equal HAILU 1/2quot; - 80quot; Forged Stainless Steel
Concentric Reducer , Find Complete Details about Concentric Reducer,Concentric Reducer,Concentric Swage Reducer,Sch 40 Concentric Reducer from Pipe Fittings Supplier or Manufacturer-Jiangyin Hailu High Pressure Pipe Fittings Co., Ltd.
Changhong Henan China (Mainland) 2 Set/Sets per Month
Layer concentrator has the function of dewatering and concentrating. Main technical parameters Certification amd typeConcentratePrecipitation area (m2)Rake frame speed(r/min)MotorCapacity (t/d)Diameter(mm)Depth (m)ModelPower(kw)Rotational speed
Negotiable From Jan 13,2012 To Jan 13,2013 QN BALL VACUUM CONCENTRATING SERIES China(Mainland) FOB ISO L/C,T/T North America, South America, Eastern Europe, Southeast Asia, Africa, Oceania, Mid East, Eastern Asia, Western Europe
Vacuum concentrator: 1. Energy-saving 2. Liquid level control automatically 3., good after-sale service 4. Easy operation Vacuum concentrator is used to concentrate solutions. This equipment (evaporator) is used for the concentration of medicine and
CGET Shandong China (Mainland)
The tank is fit for Chinese medicine, Western medicine, Glucose, Monosodium glutamate, food, Chemical to concentrate. The tank is fit for Chinese medicine, Western medicine, Glucose, Monosodium glutamate, food, Chemical to concentrate
As per your requirment Star Trace New Separator Tamil Nadu India T/T
These products are machined according to customers needs and requirements of customers following international quality. We are one of the leading manufacturers and suppliers of the highest quality Concentrator Separators
Bottle AD Other Liquid
This liquid ginger concentrate is a natural product that comes from the disaggregation of the whole ginger root. This liquid ginger concentrate is a natural product that comes from the disaggregation of the whole ginger root
Zhejiang China (Mainland) ningbo TY-004 T/T,Western Union Haichuan 50 Set/Sets per Month Concentrator Liquid
Alcohol concentrator 1. materials is stainless steel 304 or 316L 2. capacity is according to clients' requirements SpecificationsThe equipment is applicable to concentrate , the alcohol recycle and cream recycle of the industries &nb
Concentrate Juice Flavored
Ours syrups and concentrate flavors comes from authentic gourmet Hawaiian recipe. Hawaiian Ice Concentrate Ours syrups and concentrate flavors comes from authentic gourmet Hawaiian recipe. Hawaiian Ice Concentrate
New Henan China (Mainland) L/C,T/T
table concentrator 1.high rich ore ratio , 2.high separating efficiency , 3.easiness to take charge TableConcentrator->Details:Tableconcentratorgenerallyconsistsofbedsurface,frameworkandtransmissionmechanism.Apartfromthat
Henan China (Mainland) XLPE/PE/PVC Qingdao , Shanghai, etc XLPE/PE/PVC Copper Anti-Fraud SEU 6/3 Black L/C,T/T
the anti-fraud SEU concentric power cable is mainly used in dry and wet places, directly buried or outdoors. Concentric power cable1.)Applications The copper multi-conductor cables type ANTI-FRAUD SEU are used as electric service entrance from thePrint | Save | Directions
AboutGrace Community Church is located at the address 235 N Northwest Hwy in Palatine, Illinois 60067. They can be contacted via phone at (847) 776-1900 for pricing, hours and directions.
Grace Community Church has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999. .For more information contact John Sheaffer, or go to aboutgrace.net
For maps and directions to Grace Community Church view the map to the right. For reviews of Grace Community Church see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (847) 776-1900
Website: aboutgrace.net
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 5 To 9
Exact Employee Count: 8
Exact Sales Volume: 1750000
Location Type: Branch Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Catholic Bishop Of Chicago
455 N Benton St Palatine, Illinois 60067
Sikh Religious Society
Po Box 864 Palatine, Illinois 60078
St Paul United Church
144 E Palatine Rd Palatine, Illinois 60067
St Theresa School
445 N Benton St Palatine, Illinois 60067
Harvest Bible Fellowship
345 N Quentin Rd Palatine, Illinois 60067
Sikh Religious Society
1280 W Winnetka St Palatine, Illinois 60067
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 Reviews
Key Contacts
- John Sheaffer
- Phone: (847) 776-1900Srinagar: Pak President Mamnoon Hussain Thursday said that Pakistan was ready to hold talks with India on all issues, including Kashmir, as he opened an annual military parade to mark the country’s National Day.
In a televised speech, Hussain accused India of endangering peace by violating a cease-fire in the Himalayan region of Kashmir.The Angry Birds Movie (2016)
Family, Animation Movie 97 Min with the title The Angry Birds Movie (2016), story.
Release: May 11, 2016
Duration: 97 Min
Genres: Family, Animation
CAST
Jason SudeikisRed (voice)
Josh GadChuck (voice)
Danny McBrideBomb (voice)
Maya RudolphMatilda (voice)
Bill HaderLeonard (voice)
Peter DinklageMighty Eagle (voice)
Sean PennTerence (voice)
Keegan-Michael KeyJudge Peckinpah (voice)
Kate McKinnonStella / Eva the Birthday Mom (voice)
Tony HaleRoss / Cyrus / Mime (voice)
Hannibal BuressEdward the Birthday Dad (voice)
Ike BarinholtzTiny (voice)
Tituss BurgessPhotog (voice)
Ian HecoxBubbles (voice)
Anthony PadillaHal (voice)
Jillian BellHelen the Lunch Mom / Yoga Instructor (voice)
#Tags: island, bird, pig, talking animal, based on video game, anger management, 3dWould be NHS dental patients urged to seek independent practices
The state of the dental service in Shetland is laid bare in a letter which will be sent to those on a lengthy waiting list.
Hundreds of people are waiting to be registered with the Public Dental Service to be seen for the first time. They will be warned they “will be taken off the list unless they contact the service by mid-July,” according to a press release issued by NHS Shetland this afternoon.
However, contacting the service does not guarantee an appointment.
Those who do get in touch will be encouraged to contact independent dentists who are also able to do NHS work.
The statement reads: “This week we will be writing to people on the NHS Shetland Public Dental Service (PDS) Waiting List to encourage them to consider registering with Independent NHS dentists. This recognises that with the current number of dentists working for our PDS and the number of registered patients the service is already supporting, that patients on our waiting list are unlikely to be seen in the future.
“We are also finding that existing patients are waiting longer than we would want for their treatment and ‘check-ups’.
“Because of this we have agreed to prioritise access to our PDS service for those patients who require additional support; those that have particular clinical needs and for children.”
NHS Shetland chief executive Ralph Roberts said he recognised that the latest development in the under-pressure service would be “frustrating” for those who on the waiting list. But he said it was important to be honest about “the likelihood of the service being able to expand to accommodate them”.
In Lerwick there are 520 people waiting to register, with a further 52 in Brae. NHS Shetland says each of them was written to almost two years ago when the Lerwick Dental Practice opened. It is independent but offers NHS treatment.
Mr Roberts added: “It is also important that our Public Dental Service is able to focus on the patients with most need. We also know that there are alternative dental providers in Lerwick, including those who provide NHS care under the same regulations as our dentists, who have capacity to see patients.
“I would therefore encourage anyone who needs to see a dentist to consider registering with a different dental practice. Meanwhile, I can confirm that the PDS is working hard to maintain a dental service to the more remote areas of Shetland, for example the isles, where an independent service is unlikely to be viable.
“I can also confirm that we are actively working to encourage further independent practices to open in Shetland to provide NHS dental care.”
Overall there are in excess of 19,000 people registered with the Public Dental Service across the isles.
The dental service is continuing its efforts to encourage more independent practices to open and address the shortfall in provision. There are also plans to review the number of dentists in the PDS with a view to employing the maximum number affordable within the budget granted by the Scottish government.
Shetland has a dentist to patient ratio well below the national average. In the isles there is one dentist for every 2,083 patients whereas the Scottish average is one to 1,670.
I seriously considered an NHS list to ease the strain. The 3-day mandatory course (at £900) rather put me off. The course was nothing to do with clinical dentistry; it was about the latest regulations and how to fill in the forms!. After approx 35 years in NHS dentistry, the red tape boys insisted on me doing the course. I will carry on in Private Practice; I do not do bureaucracy and mandated petit regulations well.
Dr Ian Tinkler, BDS (ULond 1793)
1793!! I am not that old. 1973 , before Bill Adams, speeds to correct!With Halloween fast approaching, I thought it would be a good time to try Shirley Jackson’s widely-acclaimed Gothic classic, We Have Always Lived in the Castle (1962), a book that has been sitting on my shelves for quite a while. Fortunately, it proved to be a highly appropriate read for the season – atmospheric, unsettling and at times quite magical. I think I can see why this book has earned its place in the 20th-century canon.
The novel is narrated by Mary Katherine (Merricat) Blackwood, an eighteen-year-old girl who lives with her gentle older sister, Constance, in a large isolated house on the outskirts of a village in New England. (The location is thought to be loosely based on North Bennington, Vermont, the place where Jackson lived for much of her adult life.)
The vast majority of the local townsfolk will have nothing to do with the Blackwoods as a result of an infamous incident that took place at the house some six years earlier. The girls’ parents, aunt and younger brother all died of arsenic poisoning after the deadly substance had been mixed with the sugar they consumed with their blackberries at dinner. Merricat was not present at the time as she had been sent to bed before the meal commenced. To this day the local villagers remain convinced that Constance – then aged twenty-two – administered the poison, even though she was found not guilty of the charge due to a lack of evidence. Constance did not take sugar on her berries that day, a point which counted against her at the time of the trial.
As a consequence, the Blackwood girls now live a highly secluded life with their Uncle Julian, the only other survivor of the poisoning. In failing health both mentally and physically, Julian continues to be preoccupied with the murders; as such, he spends much of his time obsessing over his notes on the case in the hope of completing a book on the subject.
In order to remain out of public view, Constance prefers to stay within the confines of the Blackwood estate, thereby leaving Merricat in the unenviable position of being the main link between the family and the outside community. Twice a week Merricat ventures into the nearby village to buy groceries and collect books from the library. Here she must run the gauntlet, steeling herself against the taunts, prejudices and slights from the villagers who consider the Blackwood sisters to be nothing less than evil demons.
“The Blackwoods always did set a fine table.” That was Mrs. Donell, speaking clearly from somewhere behind me, and someone giggled and someone else said “Shh.” I never turned; it was enough to feel them all there in back of me without looking into their flat grey faces with the hating eyes. I wish you were all dead, I thought, and longed to say it out loud. Constance said, “Never let them see that you care,” and “If you pay any attention they’ll only get worse,” and probably it was true, but I wished they were dead. (p. 8)
As a character and narrator, Merricat Blackwood is someone you are unlikely to forget in a hurry. There is a childlike quality to her highly distinctive voice; for Merricat, it is as if time has stood still since the poisonings as she speaks and behaves like a young girl, one intent on maintaining the security and stability of her make-believe world. A deeply superstitious individual at heart, Merricat believes she can protect her beloved sister and Uncle Julian from external dangers and evils by relying on magic words, strange rituals and imaginary games. She loves her sister dearly and would like nothing more than to transport Constance and Uncle Julian to the moon – a fantasy world of winged horses, magical plants and eternal sunshine, a place where they could be safe and happy.
“On the moon we have everything. Lettuce, and pumpkin pie and Amanita phalloides. We have cat-furred plants and horses dancing with their wings. All locks are solid and tight, and there are no ghosts. On the moon Uncle Julian would be well and the sun would shine every day. You would wear our mother’s pearls and sing, and the sun would shine all the time.” (p. 75)
Constance for her part indulges her younger sister, playing along with her escapist fantasies and dreams to her heart’s content. Nevertheless, Merricat can sense something disturbing in the air – a change is coming and not for the better. The arrival of the girls’ estranged cousin, Charles, seems set to disrupt the comfortable atmosphere in the household, a dynamic that Merricat is determined to preserve. Now that Charles’ father is dead, a man who cut off all relations with the Blackwoods at the time of the trial, Charles is free to reconnect with his relatives. However, he seems more intent on getting his hands on the Blackwoods’ money – the majority of which is locked away in a safe in the house – than demonstrating any genuine interest in the girls’ welfare.
Naturally, Merricat sees through the formidable Charles in an instant. In particular, she is dismayed by two things: firstly, Charles’ outright intolerance of Julian whom he considers a burden; and secondly, his developing friendship with Constance who, on account of her sweet nature, can only see her cousin in a positive light. Merricat makes no secret of her hostility towards Charles, a point he intuits immediately. If only Charles would go away, then everything would be alright again and the family would be safe.
Constance made shadows up and down the hall when she went to the window to look down on Uncle Julian and outside the leaves moved quickly in the sunlight. Charles had only gotten in because the magic was broken; if I could re-seal the protection around Constance and shut Charles out he would have to leave the house. Every touch he made on the house must be erased. (p. 69)
While this is a slim book, it has much to say about our suspicions, our prejudices and, perhaps most importantly of all, our treatment of people who seem strange or different from ourselves. From what I can glean about Jackson and her fiction, it would appear that this theme of being the outsider – or society’s mistreatment of the outsider – is a feature in much of her work.
The plot works very well within the framework established by the set-up. For example, we do learn the truth about the fateful poisonings, but that’s not the main point here. What really sets this novel apart from so many others is its highly distinctive style, much of which stems from the curious nature of Merricat’s voice. Childlike chants and rhymes are repeated at various points in the story, an effect that adds a strange lyrical quality to the text, albeit a rather unsettling one.
While I was expecting this to be a somewhat unnerving or chilling read (there are times when Merricat is quite disturbing), I wasn’t prepared for the dark humour, a tone that Jackson uses to great effect in certain scenes. Most of these comic moments revolve around Uncle Julian, whose ramblings about the past provide much amusement for the reader. At an early stage in the story, he puts on a great show for Mrs Wright, a rather timid but nosy woman who is fascinated by the mystery of the Blackwood poisonings. Mrs Wright has come to the Blackwoods’ house to accompany her friend, Helen Clarke, one of the few locals who will have anything to do with the Blackwood sisters. In calling on the Blackwoods on a weekly basis, Helen hopes to encourage Constance to reconnect with society, to begin to live her life again.
Much to Helen’s disapproval, Mrs Wright gets swept up by Uncle Julian as he proceeds to show her the dining room where the infamous poisonings occurred. It’s a marvellous scene, too long to quote here. Instead, I’ll finish with a short passage on the ladies’ arrival at the house, one that hints at Jackson’s eye for a humorous incident.
Constance was perfectly composed. She rose and smiled and said she was glad to see them. Because Helen Clarke was ungraceful by nature, she managed to make the simple act of moving into a room and sitting down a complex ballet for three people; before Constance had quite finished speaking Helen Clarke jostled Mrs. Wright and sent Mrs. Wright sideways like a careening croquet ball off into the far corner of the room where she sat abruptly and clearly without intention upon a small and uncomfortable chair. Helen Clarke made for the sofa where Constance sat, nearly upsetting the tea table, and although there were enough chairs in the room and another sofa, she sat uncomfortably close to Constance, who detested having anyone near her but me. “Now,” Helen Clarke said, spreading, “it’s good to see you again.” (pp. 25-6)
We Have Always Lived in the Castle is published by Penguin Books; personal copy.
I have wanted to try out Shirley Jackson’s books for a very long time. I remember reading Lottery and being so fascinated by the story. Every year I think I will pick a Jackson in October and when October arrives, it would be too busy to keep my resolution. Glad you enjoyed the read. And thanks for the heads up on the dark humour
I’ve been meaning to read this every October for the past three years – and this year I finally managed to do it! The dark humour came as a bit of a surprise to me, albeit a very welcome one as it served to balance some of the more unsettling elements. All in all, it’s a great book – a true classic.
I must put this on my read soon list. You gotta love Halloween. It brings cultures together… Would love your feedback on my new short called peekaboo
I would definitely recommend it. There’s something rather magical about this book in spite of the darker elements.
Is your short story available to view online? If so, please feel free to post a link.
Gastradamus.wordpress.com
It’s the one at the top called peekaboo
Thanks. I’ll take a look.
Please do. Can’t wait to hear what you thing
Lovely review as always Jacqui. I really do want to read this though I’m still a bit scared of Jackson after The Lottery! 😱
I don’t think I’ve ever read The Lottery, Karen. I seem to recall hearing bits and pieces about it though. It’s pretty disturbing I take it? That said, I would encourage you to give this a go at some point. The opening chapter is very dark and unsettling, but the tone varies as the story moves forward. I love the touches of dark humour in her writing, a most welcome addition to the mix!
It’s very dark and disturbing – but I should try to overcome my nervousness!!
I’ll definitely give The Lottery a go at some point, probably when I’m in the mood for something truly unnerving. You’re not the only person on here to have recommended it…
Great review Jacqui, as always! I really enjoyed this and totally agree that Merricat’s voice and thr humour mean the tone is both disturbing and engaging! A perfect read for this time of year :-)
Yes, such an unusual narrative voice – but, as you say, so engaging and compelling. The blend of tones really helps to set this book apart.
That’s a great final quote. Very waspish with a touch of slapstick! A scene that plays out before your eyes.
It’s a terrific sequence of scenes. Too long to go into here, but the various mannerisms and details are all spot on. Great dialogue too – Jackson clearly had a talent for these things.
Isn’t Jackson wonderful! She was introduced to me by the blogging community a couple of years ago, and is someone I don’t think I would have found otherwise
Yes, fantastic. I’m not sure I’d want to read her every day (she’s too disturbing for that), but as a pre-Hallowe’en read she’s spot on. Like you, I think I first read about her via the blogging community. Where would we be without our literary friends on here? Considerably poorer I feel…
It’s strange how a book can elude you for decades and then suddenly is everywhere you turn. I had never heard of this novel until about three months ago but in those three months this must be the third or fourth review I’ve read, all of them extremely positive. Definitely one for the tbr list, but not for this time of year. I have enough trouble with hallowe’en without making it worse with scary reading.
Ha! Jackson does seem to be enjoying a bit of a revival – and this book in particular is a favourite amongst bloggers. Funnily enough, the Backlisted team are planning to cover it on their next podcast. A Hallowe’en special, no doubt. :)
I have had my eye on this book for years.
The theme of being different or an outsider is one that has fascinated authors for a very log time. It still fascinates.
The prose in the passages that you quoted is very impressive.
She’s very strong when it comes to capturing our prejudices against people who seem unusual or a little different from the norm. You really get a sense of that from the start, and it’s something that reverberates throughout the book. I would definitely recommend you read this, Brian. It’s fascinating and very short, so even if it’s not to your tastes you won’t have spent very much time with it. :)
I read this for Halloween 2 years ago and like you I was bowled over by it . I keep on meaning to read more Jackson but haven’t got round to it yet ….my son is a huge fan of her work. I’m looking forward to the Backlisted Podcast on this . As you say Merricat is a character who stays with you.
Fantastic! It’s a great read for the season, isn’t it? Although I can understand why Cafe Society would prefer to keep it for another time if she finds Hallowe’en scary enough already.
Oddly enough, I only found out about the Backlisted podcast yesterday when they tweeted a teaser. It must be coming out next weekend to tie in with Hallowe’en. I’m looking forward to hearing what they have to say about it too!
I’ve not read this yet – as others have said above The Lottery is unnervingly good, so I shall definitely be reading this one at some point
I must read The Lottery at some point. I only know of it by hearsay/reputation, so it’s probably best if I experience it for myself. Glad to hear you were impressed. On the strength of this one, she was clearly a very accomplished writer.
I loved this book so much, so brilliantly quirky and oddly atmospheric. Your review brings it back perfectly to me.
Thank you, that’s really nice to hear. Yes, it’s quite strange and rather beguiling too – certainly at times.
Great review! It’s really put me in the mood to re-read this for Halloween. I’ll add my recommendation of ‘The Lottery’ to everyone else’s above, as well as Jackson’s other short fiction – she’s one of the very best at writing creeping unease!
Thanks! I think it would be a great re-read for Hallowe’en, perfect for a dark and creepy night. I will certainly check out The Lottery, especially given the number of recommendations I’ve received. Thank you for adding your voice to the chorus of approval – it’s reassuring to see how many people clearly rate her as a writer. :)
Great review, Jacqui. I liked this book as well, only I read it too quickly after Jackson’s The Haunting of Hill House, which was awesome. I should have let a little more time pass between the two books, and then I think I would have appreciated this one even more. But you are absolutely correct that Merricat’s voice stays with you long after the book is finished.
Thank you. I must take another look at your review. I know I’ve seen various posts about this book over the past few years, so many that I couldn’t quite remember who had covered it! Plus it’s always interesting to see a different perspective.
I really want to read The Haunting of Hill House at some point. It’s the one that most appeals, probably because I’m a sucker for a good ghost story especially at this time of year. I’ll take your advice though and leave it for several months. I agree, it’s often best to leave a decent amount of head space between books by the same author just to avoid fatigue. (It’s something I’ve been trying to do with my favourite writers: Elizabeth Taylor, Barbara Pym, Penelope Fitzgerald and the like.)
All this talk of The Lottery makes me long to reread it. I think I will! This idea of her focussing on the outsider interests me. Last week, I visited the Bleak House art exhibit of Guillermo del Toro’s collection and collectibles and there is much talk of this in that instance too. The view from the margins, a sense of looking in. My Jackson reading was all-in-a-blur, and now I find it hard to distinguish tales, so I know it’s time to reread, and I quite enjoyed your review with that in mind. It certainly is the perfect time of year for it. Perhaps you’ll make it a traditon now? She has a number of skinny little volumes and, of course, stories….
That’s really fascinating about Guillermo del Toro and his interest in the outsider. I saw his latest film, The Shape of Water, at the London Film Festival the other week, and there’s definitely an element of the strange and unusual in that too. As you say, a sense of the marginalised looking in – an outsider who finds solace in the most unlikely situation/relationship. It’s a beautiful film, quite ravishing to look at. I can’t recommend it highly enough. It’s also probably his most accessible film to date.
I certainly hope to read more of Jackson in the future, so I may well return to her next October – an annual tradition is not a bad idea. :)
I read this a few years ago and found it very entertaining but rather lightweight in terms of its themes. Still, Merricat’s voice…and that dark humor–maybe I was a little too tough on the novel or just expected too much from it or something.
It’s always good to hear another view, Richard. Life would be very dull if we all had exactly the same response to particular books or films. I thought it had interesting things to say about society’s prejudices and the ways in which people are expected to conform to established/traditional norms. Also our fear of change – Merricat’s desire to maintain the status quo is very strong. The dark humour is great, though – we’re in agreement there!
I loved this one – Merricat is one of those fictional characters who is truly unforgettable. I felt it was like reading the origin story of the witches of legend – the old women who lived in isolation feared by the community – but told from the perspective of the budding witch. I’ve read and enjoyed a few other Jackson stories since then, but this one still rates as my favourite by quite a long way.
Yes, truly unforgettable. That voice! I found it quite unnerving at first, especially in the opening chapter. Then as soon as I got into the swing of things I was up and away. A story told from the perspective of a budding witch is a great way of thinking about it. There is something beguiling about Merricat, yet deeply unsettling too. I’m sure she will stay with me for quite some time!
I recently read and reviewed The Haunting of Hill House and loved it. I think this will be my next Shirley Jackson read – Merricat in particular sounds intriguing!
She is truly unique! I am sure you’ll find this very interesting, especially given your fondness for Hill House. I’m hoping that will be my next Shirley Jackson – it does sound very tempting indeed…
Love your comment about the dark humor. I think Jackson does this masterfully, but it’s not often a topic of discussion in her works. She’s just brilliant.
Thank you. I’m glad to hear that it’s a feature of her work in general, not just this novel alone. Her comic touch is spot on in this one – that sequence of scenes with Helen Clarke and her companion is an absolute delight!
I agree, this is a tour de force. I liked The Sundial even better. And that reminds me, I also have but haven’t read Life Among The Savages, her account of bringing up children, which is said to be very funny.
Ah, I do recall reading your review of The Sundial. It was a fairly recent one (maybe two or three months ago) if my memory serves me correctly. I’ll have to take a closer look at it now that I’m on board with Jackson’s style. Life Among Savages sounds intriguing; the title alone packs quite a punch. I look forward to hearing more about it in due course…
Reblogged this on Author Don Massenzio and commented:
Check out the book, We Have Always Lived in the Castle, by Shirley Jackson, as featured on Jacqui Wine’s Journal blog.
Many thanks for sharing my review, very much appreciated.
You’re welcome.
I was surprised by the level of humour in this book too. I was expecting the usual gothic tale of ghosts etc and was more than happy to have those expectations confounded.
Yes, it’s a unusual book in terms of tone and style, quite a difficult one to capture in a post like this as the tone changes a number of times as the story unfolds. I suspect The Haunting of Hill House might be closer to the traditional Gothic ghost story. That’s certainly the impression I get from the blurb.
Lovely review, Jacqui. It sounds like quite an atmospheric read, perfect for these darkening, windy and cold nights.
Thanks, Belinda. It’s a good one for the season. But as BookerTalk alludes to above, it doesn’t conform to the usual conventions of Gothic horror/ghost stories – it’s more varied than that. By turns strange, darkly comic, sad and unnerving. Even a little magical at times.
I have read some of Jackson’s short stories but haven’t quite convinced myself to plunge into a novel.
I don’t know if you’d take to this or not, Guy. It’s hard to tell. What did you think of her stories?
I think this is on my piles, and so is The Lottery. I just need to finally pick them up.
Some years ago, Litlove, wrote about her, and delved into the Outsider topic related to Jackson’s own life. It was very interesting.
Oh, that’s great. I’ll be really interested to see how you find Ms Jackson. I neglected to mention in my review that Merricat has a pet. Her cat, Jonas is a near-constant companion. :)
Thanks for the tip about LitLove’s piece about Jackson and the theme of being an outsider. It came through very strongly here, so I’m definitely keen to learn more about that.
I think you can find the piece when you look at her site under published work. It wasn’t written on Tales from the Reading Room, but you can track it down from there.
Weird. I just checked and it’s not available at the moment. Here’s a post about it
Oh, that’s great. Thanks so much for the link. I’ve bookmarked it to read during the week as I’m running out of time today. It seems as though she had a difficult life…
Just had a chance to look at this. What strikes me about it is the idea of writing as a form of protection, a way of Jackson shielding herself against negative/outside forces. That’s very interesting. Definitely a writer to explore further…
Pingback: My Reading List for The Classics Club | JacquiWine's Journal
18 is an interesting age for this. Childlike at 18 and you’re a bit sheltered. Childlike at 28 and you’re a bit odd. Childlike at 48…
Anyway, it sounds excellent. I rather wish I hadn’t kept the review to read as I’m trying to slim down my TBR pile but this does sound definitely one for me. Ah well.
That’s a great point. I hadn’t really thought about Merricat’s age in that way, but you’re absolutely right – any older and she would start to seem very odd indeed. It’s a brilliant book, very striking in many respects (once again, the narrative voice is distinctive and compelling.) Plus it’s short, so it won’t take you very long to whizz through. I’m pretty sure it will end up on my ‘best of’ list this year. Well, that’s if I can find enough space for everything I’d like to highlight..there around twenty contenders right now, possible more by the end of December.
Pingback: A-Z Index of Book Reviews (listed by author) | JacquiWine's Journal
Just finished “We Have Always Lived in the Castle” – really thought it was a masterpiece. I love a good unreliable narrator. One line has me bothered – “you never use sugar” – it makes me wonder if the original poisoning was an accident.
BTW – A film of this book is in the works – should be out in 2018.
Thanks for sharing.
You’re very welcome. I’m so glad you enjoyed it, a mini masterpiece indeed. Ah yes, I see what you mean about that line. It adds a touch of ambiguity, doesn’t it? The film should be very interesting to see. I can imagine it transferring very effectively to the screen, especially with Crispin Glover in the role of Uncle Julian…My certainly?
kararhunt
July 15, 2016 at 6:30 am
Hallelujah! Yes!! Can’t wait to attend THAT Wedding with you, Jericha!!!
LikeLiked by 1 person
jerichakingston
July 15, 2016 at 6:49 am
Glory! Looking forward to worshipping with you in the Eternal City, Kara!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Pegg Thomas
July 15, 2016 at 7:29 am
So excited for you this weekend – even though it will be royally outdone when Jesus returns – so enjoy your celebration and keep your feet under you!
LikeLiked by 2 people
jerichakingston
July 16, 2016 at 8:29 am
Thank you, Pegg! I plan to!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Robin Patchen
July 15, 2016 at 8:31 am
It’s amazing to consider that great wedding we’ll all be a part of one day! Meanwhile, enjoy this weekend, enjoy your guests, and dance your heart out!
LikeLiked by 2 people
Candice Sue Patterson
July 15, 2016 at 11:55 am
When the roll is called up yonder I’ll be there! Heaven may be the only place all six of us are ever at at the same time. 😍 Enjoy that wedding, Jericha. And congrats to the sweet bride and groom!
LikeLiked by 2 people
jerichakingston
July 16, 2016 at 8:34 am
Thanks, Candice! Though I’m still praying The Lord will allow us to meet here on this terrestrial sod 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
jerichakingston
July 16, 2016 at 8:31 am
I have my dancing shoes, Robin! Well… My dancing sandals 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Jodie
July 18, 2016 at 8:56 am
How did the wedding go, Jericha?Buy Now with Best Price
The Roland CY-14C V-Cymbal crash cymbal is the newest step in Roland's evolution of realistic cymbal sound and action. The CY-14C recreates the dimensions, movement, and inertia of a genuine acoustic crash cymbal, and its dual-trigger rig features individual sensors on the edge and bow of the cymbal so you can enjoy a dynamic and responsive playing experience. Compatible with all Roland TD- and SPD-Series sound modules, the Roland CY-14C V-Cymbal crash is an incredible virtual drumming experience!
Fourteen-inch crash cymbal responds with natural movement and inertiaDual-trigger system for edge and bowAllows cymbal "chokes"Compatible with all Roland TD-Series/SPD-Series sound modules
Buy NOW with best pricePiccadilly Comedy Club, based in The Comedy Pub in London’s West End, is to be run by new company Giant Comedy as of Wednesday 15th November. Piccadilly Comedy’s current owner Mike Manera, who had been in sole charge of running the club for 6 years, has joined forces with comedians and entrepreneurs Andy Stedman and Nik Coppin as they look to build on the previous success of the club, including potential new midweek nights at the venue.
Mike said of the new company, “Having established itself as a key London comedy club, joining forces with Nik and Andy is a great way to move forward and grow Piccadilly Comedy even more.”
Alongside Piccadilly Comedy Club, Andy Stedman’s new Belly Laugh Comedy Club (based at Guys’s Campus in London Bridge) will become part of the Giant Comedy portfolio of venues as the trio look to offer even more quality comedy in London, with further projects currently being sought out.
Andy, who also owns sports-based event business Dodgeball UK, said “Anyone who has played at or been to Piccadilly Comedy knows what a great club it is and there’s so much potential both there and at the Guy’s Campus venue. As comedians ourselves we want to make sure the whole experience is as positive as possible for acts which in turn will make for better entertainment for the audiences. The industry has been a tough place recently with issues like Jongleurs going under, so hopefully this is a bit of good news for acts and comedy lovers alike.”
The third member of the team is international comedian and producer Nik Coppin, who has been running shows at venues and festivals in the UK, Europe, Asia and Australia. His comedy show brands have become a successful and staple part of festivals worldwide.
Coppin says: "After years working and building brands at festival overseas, it will be great to get involved in a vibrant successful central London club and working with my new partners producing more good, interesting and exciting comedy at the Piccadilly Comedy Club as well as other interests back home".
Opening night for the Guys Campus gig is 9 Dec, with Ian Stone, The Kagools and Bobby Mair. Details here:Description and Purpose
An Hysterosalpingogram (also referred to as hysterogram ,
hysterosalpingography , uterography , uterotubography ,
and uterosalpingography ), is a procedure where radiopaque contrast
dye is used to highlight the reproductive tract while being X-rayed. The
aims of this procedure include:
Preparation and Procedure
The test will be scheduled during the early part of the menstrual
cycle (between menstruation and ovulation), when pregnancy is unlikely.
This is due to the fact that this test should not be carried out
on a pregnant woman.
An X-ray machine is suspended over the abdomen and a speculum
is inserted into the vagina to hold it open. Then a thin, grasping instrument
called a tenaculum is inserted to hold the
cervix in place.
A thin catheter is inserted through the cervix
into the uterus and radiopaque contrast dye
is instilled through the catheter. This usually causes several minutes
of cramping and may result in spasm.
The gynaecologist and radiologist watch the dye on a fluoroscope screen
as it enters the uterus and spreads through the fallopian tubes, looking
for abnormalities. 4 to 8 X-rays are taken at various intervals as the
dye travels through the reproductive tract.
A variation of this technique is the sonohysterogram ,
where a catheter is inserted into the uterine cavity to instil fluid to
distend the uterus, which is then examined via transvaginal
ultrasound for space-occupying structures.The Scholar Is Not One Who Knows Good and Evil
Sufyaan said: The Scholar is not one who knows good and evil; rather he is the one who knows good and follows it and knows evil and avoids it.
Hilya 7/274
Tags: calling to evil, calling to good, evil, good, Knowledge, scholarThe Edges of Science
first edition
1990 · New York
by MORRIS, Richard
New York: Prentice, 1990. Fine/Very Good. First edition. Fine in very good dustwrapper. Dustwrapper rubbed lightly. Please Note: This book has been transferred to Between the Covers from another database and might not be described to our usual standards. Please inquire for more detailed condition information. (Inventory #: 215668)Kaufman County Community Supervision and Corrections Department
Vision: Kaufman County Community Supervision and Corrections Department envisions a progressive department that rehabilitates offenders and eliminates recidivism.
Mission: The Kaufman County C.S.C.D. through the integration of Evidence Based Practices to address and reduce offender recidivism strives to achieve excellence in community corrections, public safety, and public service.
We collaborate with law enforcement, Courts, victim services, and community based organizations to provide a unique blend of enforcement, justice, and treatment to enhance community safety. We are leaders in our profession, exemplifying the highest standards, extending a continuum of integrated services to address our offenders’ criminogenic needs and empower them to become productive law-abiding citizens.
Values
Integrity: Adherence to morals, ethical principles, honesty, and standards.
Effective Communication: Enhancing officer and offender communication through emphasizing Motivational Interviewing and Problem Oriented strategies.
Accountability: Accepting, admitting, and taking responsibility for our actions and choices we make and accepting the attached consequences.
Quality: Doing the best we can to achieve excellence by holding ourselves and our offenders to high but attainable standards.
408 E. College St.
Terrell, TX 75160
Office Phone Number: 469-376-4700
Courthouse Phone Number: 972-932-0235
cscd@kaufmancounty.net
Adult Probation DirectoryThe Countdown to Cocktails in Havana
Cocktails in Havana is a much-anticipated annual event, slated for Friday, August 21, 2015, from 5:00 p.m. through 11:00 p.m. at Eden Gardens, located at 3900 Brennan Road in Moorpark, CA.
Proceeds from this event will benefit Habitat for Humanity of Ventura County, a non-profit organization that’s dedicated to constructing new homes for families in need.
Organized by Peter Kalaydjian of Contact Escrow, Cocktails in Havana promises to be a night of fun, freshly-rolled cigars, delicious food and fine spirits.
This event will feature freshly cigars, delicious hors d’oeuvres from some of the area’s hottest local restaurants, and attendees will also have an opportunity to sample fine wines, cognac, tequila and vodka (and you’ll even have an opportunity to learn how they’re made!)
Tickets are $75 through August 14, 2015. Thereafter, tickets are $100.
This event is open to attendees age 21 or older. ID will be required.
Tickets may be available at the door, providing the event is not sold out in advance. But please note that the event has sold out for the past two years in a row so the organizers recommend purchasing your tickets well in advance!- People
JP Morgan global head of sales 'in discussion' over future
Winters key lieutenant could leave bank
Tony Best, the global head of JP Morgan's fixed income sales business and a key lieutenant of the US bank’s departed investment banking chief Bill Winters, is in discussions with the firm about his future, which could lead to his departure.
London-based Best is currently in discussions with new investment banking heads Jes Staley and Steve Black over his future at JP Morgan, according to two sources with knowledge of the situation,...
To Read the Full Story, Start Your Free Trial or Sign In.
Under Obamacare, nearly three times as many women are getting free birth control pills
.
Five startling facts about pregnancy and abortion in America
Fewer women are getting pregnant..
Catholic hospitals are growing. What will that mean for reproductive health?
T..
Obama administration plans to appeal Plan B ruling
.
Plan B will be available to 15-year-olds, but they might need a passport to get it
The Obama administration announced Tuesday that pharmacies may now sell the emergency contraceptive Plan B over the counter to girls as young as 15 years old. (Read the full story by Zachary Goldfarb and me here.)
The overall age regulation could become moot within days: A federal judge ruled last month that the Food and Drug Administration needs to make emergency contraceptives available over the counter with no age restrictions.
A federal district court overturned Friday the Obama administration's ban against women under 17 purchasing over-the-counter emergency contraception without a prescription.
Describing the restriction as "a strong showing of bad faith and improper political influence" Judge Edward Korman of the District Court of Eastern New York directed the Food and Drug Administration to lift it within 30 days. Guttmacher Institute is out with a look at teen pregnancy rates in 2008, the most recent year for which data are available. It shows that, of all 50 states, New Mexico has the highest rate of teen pregnancy (hat tip: Kay Steiger).
In New Mexico, 93 of 1,000 teenage girls between 15 and 19 became pregnant in 2008. Mississippi and Texas follow New Mexico with the second- and third-highest rates of teen pregnancy, respectively.
Is there anything in particular that would make New Mexico a stand-out in reproductive health policy? The state's teens have lower levels of contraceptive use than those elsewhere. One report from the New Mexico Race Matters Coalition found that 60.5 percent of New Mexico high school students used contraceptives, compared to 75 percent nationally.
New Mexico does not mandate a sexual education curriculum for high school students, although it does require a portion of a health class to be devoted to HIV education.
Birth control rules: The Catholic bishops are not impressed
When.
The White House's contraceptives compromise
.
All states except Oregon now limit abortion access
Roe here for an interactive version of the graphic, which will let you look at what type of restrictions each state has set.
Roe at 40: 'I don't want my children to have 40 more years of this.'
Ge, ‘Me, too.' "
.
Surprise! The abortion rate just hit an all-time low.
is: Why? What was different in 2008, that might have lead to this downtick in abortions? number of lawsuits, challenging the health law’s required coverage of contraceptives, are winding their way up through the federal court system. A few have seen preliminary rulings on ripeness (whether the case can even be brought yet) and standing (whether the people bringing the suit have actually suffered damage). caused a public outcry Sunday when he suggested that women who were “legitimately raped” would rarely become pregnant. Study after study has proven that theory false. But one provocative study, published in 2003, went even further: It found that a single act of rape was more than twice as likely to result in pregnancy than an act of consensual sex.
Rep. Todd Akin is wrong about rape and pregnancy, but he’s not alone
.” that part of the health reform law, that requires insurance companies to provide contraceptives at no cost to subscribers? After surviving a heated debate earlier this year, the regulation went into effect today. Here are five things to know about it..
Federal court upholds Arizona’s late-term abortion law?.
What a late-term abortion ban would mean for D.C.
When. to step down)
This was something of a surprise. When it comes to preventing teen pregnancy, the Obama administration has staked out a decidedly anti-abstinence-only-education stance. The president has, in previous budgets, zeroed out funds for such programs as federal reviews have found such programs to have no impact on sexual abstinence and, in some cases, include inaccurate information on sexuality.
“I do believe that contraception has to be part of [the] education process,” Obama said on the campaign trail in 2008.
Even so, abstinence-only education has hardly disappeared from federally funded teen pregnancy prevention programs. Curriculums that teach abstinence as the singular method of birth control retained a $55 million budget in 2012, a full third of the $176 million available during President George W. Bush’s last year in office.
Interview: How Planned Parenthood lost its ‘political Teflon’
(Gary Stelzer - AP)
.”).
Washington State, requiring health insurers to cover abortion
Washington State has tended to be ahead of the rest of the country when it comes to abortion rights. Prior to Roe v. Wade, it was one of four states with sweeping legal protections to terminate a pregnancy. Now, the state is looking to set new precedent: It could soon become the first state to require all health plans_66<<.).
.”
Have 98 percent of Catholic women used contraceptives? Not quite. of Women, more than 360,000 women to whom breast cancer researchers can blast out requests for subjects. But the Komen Foundation is so entrenched in the world of breast cancer fundraising, Love says, that she often finds a “G” inadvertently inserted as her middle initial. “It’s unfortunate that we’re both named Susan,” she told me in an interview yesterday. “But I can’t change my name.”
But here’s what Susan Love can do: use last week’s Komen controversy to lure donors to her own group, potentially lessening the group’s behemoth status in the breast cancer charity and research world.
FAQ: The health reform law and contraception
The health reform law’s requirement that health insurance companies cover birth control without co-pay has seen increased media attention last week. The White House has mounted a more aggressive defense of the provision as it sees more blowback to the provision. Here’s some background on how the debate started, where it stands now and where it’s headed:.
Meet the woman who got Komen to defund Planned Parenthood
.‘We have a responsibility’: CVS vows to stop altering beauty images in its ads and stores
- 4Why South Africa’s Steinhoff Could Be Next Enron: QuickTake Q&A
- 5Apps, autonomy and ownership: Three ways driving is changing in 2018
World Markets from
Other Market Data from
Key Rates fromWhen it comes to accommodation, Thailand is one place where you’re going to find an extensive variety. If you’re travelling with a large family and children, there are dozens of large resort facilities around the country to suit all kinds of budgets. And likewise, if you’re a newly-wed couple or have been inseparable for years, there are plenty of intimate settings for you and your special someone to enjoy the spectacular cultural experience that Thailand offers.
You’ll also find that a lot of the hotels and resorts in Thailand offer complete all-inclusive packages, which means that once you’ve paid for and booked your accommodation, you won’t have to pay anything more once you arrive!
For Families
Sunwing Kamala Beach Resort – Located in Phuket this is a fantastic option for families travelling with young children. Sitting right on the beach, this impressive facility offers large outdoor swimming pools as well as close access to all of the tourism and excitement outside the hotel’s property. Another bonus to this place is that if you’re travelling with a few kids, there are suites available which are large enough to fit two adults and up to four children!
Centara Karon Resort – Also located in Phuket, the Centara Karon Resort has its own playground, swimming pools, water slide and other hotel facilities to keep you all entertained. Set just a little back from Karon Beach, this place is a winner for all families who stay, and you’re even able to get rooms that will fit both parents and three kids.
Holiday Inn Resort Krabi – Sitting right on Ao Nang Beach in Krabi, the immaculate pools and rooms of this hotel are perfect for families of any size looking to unwind in paradise. The value you get at the Holiday Inn Resort Krabi, for a hotel right on the beach with superb views, is something you’ll rarely find anywhere else.
For Couples
Cape Panwa Hotel – While this is just as suitable for families, it’s a little more delicate and intimate than where you’d usually like to take your kids. Located in Phuket, its charm is in the beautiful simplicity of the architecture, location and hotel facilities. Just off the beach and lined with swaying palm trees, this is an idyllic and quiet place for you and that special someone to take some time away from the commotion of modern life.
Kata Beach Resort & Spa – Another great option for families, but with a fancy quality that’s probably going to be better suited to couples or those with older children. Sitting right on Kata Beach in Phuket, you’ll have all the benefits of an incredible hotel with immaculate swimming pool, as well as the ocean right on your door step. If you’re travelling as a couple, you might also like to indulge yourselves with some time at the hotel’s spa where you’ll get one of the best massages in Phuket.
Katathani Resort – Sitting close to Kata Beach in Phuket, this dreamy resort offers luxury by the ocean. With architecturally stunning swimming pools donning the grounds of the hotel, you’ll be able to make the difficult choice of either swimming on site or taking a quick stroll across the sand to the ocean.
Accommodation Deals
A lot of people have the perception of Thailand that everything is going to be much cheaper than where you’d find it anywhere else. Drinks, food, activities – everything that makes a holiday in paradise perfect. But in some cases, this isn’t so true. Thailand isn’t as cheap as it once was with most of the high-density resort areas charging on average $6 for a beer, and cocktails from anywhere up to $10 each. And on top of that, a lot of the resorts in Thailand don’t actually include taxes in their advertised pricing, which means that in some instances you’ll end up paying another 10% on top of the costs you’ve already accounted for. So for those reasons, we’d recommend that you look to some of the best all-inclusive accommodation deals Thailand has on offer!
Thavorn Beach Village, Thavorn Palm Beach Resort and Phuket Marriott all have some incredible all-inclusive options on offer. Typically, they’ll include all of your meals and most of the drinks you could want while on holiday – usually local beers, cocktails and soft drinks. With these options being relatively affordable for anyone, you’ll end up saving a lot of money just by enjoying a few drinks by your resort’s swimming pool!
Related Articles You May Like
3 of Thailand’s most gorgeous hotel pools
3 very relaxing beach holidays
An affordable tropical holiday that the kids will enjoy?
Got the info you need? Ready to relax in Thailand?THE VINE
is focused on providing high-quality consultation service we will do everything we can to meet your expectations with guaranteed results.
As a consultant we love to fix things that are not working. If you need someone to bring a fresh view to complex issues we can offer help in strategic planning, process and procedure development, training and implementation.
Our main focus is to increase productivity in project and process management.
Call us for a consultation to see how our services can give you the success in life that you are looking for.
Fee schedules upon request.
Fact 'N' Act - 3-5 hours
Fixed Fees
Hourly Fee
Kimberly@abidinginjesus.orgComing from North London, myself and a comrade had hoped to meet with the Radical Workers Bloc coming up from the south- we joined the fringes of the march, but soon found that the droning racket of the Unison sponsored vuvuzelas, and the stolid, plodding and leaden music of union brass-bands, did our fucking heads in. No section of the march stopped outside Parliament or Downing Street to register any kind of real, palpable dissent or anger, with the TUC stewards ensuring a swift ‘through-put’ of marchers- the policing was relatively light, including in Trafalgar Square, in a policy of a psychological minimal show of force, (almost as if to say ‘we won’t threaten you, if you don’t threaten us’)- and by and large, most marchers were happy to speedily schlepp from A-B under the sad illusion that it was an effective way of objecting to savage class-based cuts. The effect of the vuvuzelas was twofold- they ensured that their din inhibited communication between people, almost as a form of voluntary self-censorship, and that any imaginative or political chanting , be they spontaneous, angryor humourous was drowned out by a noise which sounded like a cross between a giant wasp and a stuck car-horn (which is why the FA banned them). The brass bands, whilst an age-old trade union tradition, added to the soporific tedium of proceedings, which was somewhere between of a funeral procession and a children’s party- complete with giant ballons and lollipops…I can appreciate that for many workers from outside London, this was quite an exciting event , being on a beano down in London, doing a bit of shopping on Oxford Street (yes, really, austere consumerism), being amazed at the hellish traffic and the price of a pint, but frankly I find it pitiful that Ilene the care assistant from Huddersfield, Frank the cleaning operative from Truro, Betty the library assitant from Aberystwth and Trevor the nurse from Leeds, find this form of protest and political action in any way meaningful- and that ‘revolutionaries’ consistantly fail to connect with any of them at all…
So we moved on to Oxford Street, looking for the UKUncut lot and the Black Bloc- and it wasn’t long before the anarchos materialised- all 40-50 of them with a similar number of TSG in tow (huffing and puffing)- they shot down a small turning, and we lost them- but not long after a small gaggle of ‘Anonymous’ supporters came up Regent Street (bizarrely carrying adapted Union flags)- they too had their own police escort- soon after the marching band of the Black and Pink Bloc straggled through, again with cops- they all vanished into the vast consumer throng, merging and separating throughout what remained of the day, and as far as I could tell, there was a singular failure to successfully occupy any tax-dodging shops or to cause any disruption of commerce- once again, fear of the kettle predominated, so that numbers were never large enough for effective action, and although the cops were kept on their toes, they generally managed to foil anything really constructive.
We ended up going up to Hyde Park- and once arrived, I had the impression of a utter desolation- it looked like a medieval battlefield filled with a broken and dejected army, standing about, looking lost in the ugly waterlogged and bark-chip strewn field. Much like last year, an air of defeat hung over the park, as if the realisation of just how empty an event it was had sunk in- a damp and grey anti-climax.
I thought to myself “What an abysmal, piss-poor, fucking ritualised march that was”- It was only when I got home and heard of the mass heckle of Ed ‘Moneybags’ Miliband* (and not just by anarchos and trots too), that I thought, ‘well, this has to be the days only saving grace’, despite the fact that it has only taken 30-odd years for a Labour leader to get booed at a TUC demo- it is about bloody time people woke up to the fact that the big money has captured what was the ‘people’s party’, the ‘socialist’ party- and it only took a near-genocidal war and economic collapse to get here…As far as I’m concerned, attacking the Labour Party and the Union Bosses is the way forward, because the hatred for the Tories is a given, the only way to progress is to reject the false opposition they offer our class, to push them aside as a mechanism for diffusing and abusing our class anger with false promises, lies and downright manipulation- No more illusions- the Labour Party isjust the other millionaire’s party.
*Including, reportedly-‘MIDDLE-CLASS CUNT!’ / ‘OI OI POSH BOY!’/‘FUCK OFF BACK TO HAMPSTEAD!’
See the smug bastard trying to smarm his way through his speech here:-
THE RICH ARE OUR MISFORTUNE.
One response to “‘Well, that was SHIT!’- Or, 50 Shades of TUC Grey.”
Very nice to see Miliband being heckled. No Ceaușescu moment yet but give it time.inspiration ergonomic mesh office chair decorating design of mid black cover small with regard to impressive.
inspiration ergonomic mesh office chair decorating design of mid black cover small with regard to impressive Office Chair design collection that can inspire you to choose the great one that gonna make a beautifull office look for your profesional office decoration, this office chair ideas is being published at December 7, 2017, 12:11 pm posted on office chair Category .
Related Post
Elegant Office Chairs Reclining Office Chair Miller Office Chair Allsteel Office Chair White Office Chair Staples Office Chair For Back White Office Chair Modern Slipcovers For Office Chairs Ergonomical Office Chair Ergonomic Office Chair Cushion Office Chairs Green Office Chair Cylinder Back Supporting Office Chairs Good Quality Office Chair Armless Ergonomic Office Chair Herman Office Chairs Sears Office Chairs Office Chair Executive Carpet Protector Office Chair Antique Leather Office ChairMy Take On A Cookie Cake
January 1, 2013
What You Will Need
- 1 stick of butter (softened but not melted)
- 2 eggs
- 1 3/4 cup of sugar
- 2 Teaspoons of cinnamon
- 2 cups of flour
- 8 ounces of sour cream
- 1 teaspoon of vanilla
- 1 1/2 teaspoon of baking powder
- 1 teaspoon of baking soda
- 12 ounces of semi-sweet chocolate chips
Preparation
1. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees
2. In a large mixing bowl combine the following: 1 stick of butter, 2 eggs, and 1 cup of sugar. Mix until very Creamy
1. *Chefs Tip* I started with a wooden spoon and finished with electric beaters to achieve a smooth, creamy texture
3. In the same bowl add in: 2 cups of flour, 8 ounces of sour cream, 1 teaspoon of vanilla, 1 1/2 teaspoons of baking powder, 1 teaspoon of baking soda, and the 12 ounces of semi-sweet chocolate chips. Mix well.
1. *Chefs Tip* I used both a spoon and electric beaters to thoroughly mix the "cookie dough"
4. In a seperate bowl, combine 3/4 cup of sugar and 2 teaspoons of cinnamon
5. Grease a 13 x 9 pan with either shortening or non stick cooking spray
6. Pour half of the batter on the bottom, it should be a thin layer, just covering. Sprinkle half of the cinnamon-sugar mixture onto the bottom cookie layer.
7. Add the remaining batter on top of the cinnamon sugar. The batter should be a little uneven. Top with the remaining cinnamon-sugar mixture.
8. Finally, bake for 25-30 minutes at 350 degrees. Allow to cool for 10 minutes and enjoy.There..
One thought on “Little Insects, Big Investment”
So, somehow I seem to have managed to do the impossible by completely, and apparently permanently, deleting the very first comment someone made on this blog (from either my friend Lynne W or my friend Lynn W). To answer to that comment I must defend myself by saying, I’m not spending ALL of Darling Daughter’s inheritance, at least not yet. And I am working, just retired from the library. 🙂A good help desk analyst is hard to find. Ask any help desk manager and you will be told that staffing is by far the biggest headache of the job. The worst part is that just when the weeks of searching and months of on-the-job training are beginning to pay off, the good ones move on to greener pastures. It seems like a vicious cycle.
While finding and keeping good people will always be an issue, there are seven rules that make it possible for anyone who is intelligent and computer literate to be a great help desk analyst. Not only will they be great help desk pros, but they may actually like their jobs.
1. Gain the trust and confidence of the user first.
I know. I know. If you don’t get that employee ID and open the call record right away, you may never get another opportunity. Besides, it only takes a minute. The problem is, for most people, getting help over the phone is a bad experience. Often the caller has been waiting on hold for a few minutes and that’s after he or she tried to solve the problem without help. While this is a new call to you, it may have already been hours for the user. When a help desk analyst opens the conversation with a demand for information that seems impervious to finding a solution, the call begins on a bad note.
Just answer the call with “help desk” followed by your name. Give the user a few seconds to launch into a description of the problem and even make a remark or two before demanding information. The conversation may go something like this.
“Help desk, Pat Vickers.”
“Word won’t start and I need to get something typed.”
“Having a bit of trouble launching Microsoft Word, eh? Well you’re in luck because I’ve run into this a few times and I think we can get you squared away. If you don’t mind I’m gonna get your name and ID first so I can record this call while we’re working. That way my boss will quit calling me a slacker.”
Obviously it’s not always that simple, but finding ways to make a little productive chitchat gives you a few moments to establish that you’re listening, you care, and you can help. Once that has been accomplished, the caller will be more cooperative and the call will be more pleasant for everyone involved.
2. Before any attempt at solving the problem, restate the problem to the user.
I can’t tell you how many times I’ve wasted 20 minutes or more working on the wrong problem. A great help desk analyst knows that most users have a difficult time describing what is going on with a computer. It’s very important to verify even the most basic problems before proceeding. Here’s what happens when you don’t follow this rule.
“My mouse is stuck.”
“I see. Lint gets caught under the mouse balls quite often and that’s probably what’s happened to you. Try this. Turn you mouse over so you can see the bottom…”
You can imagine the rest of the conversation. If the analyst follows the rule, however, the conversation goes quite differently.
“My mouse is stuck.”
“So you’re saying that when you move your mouse around the pointer doesn’t move but everything else on your computer works. For example, you can use the keyboard to change to a different program and that works fine.”
“How do you do that? “
“Hold down the [Ctrl] key and press [Esc].”
“Nothing happens.”
“Oh. So it’s not just your mouse; the whole computer seems to be locked up?”
“I guess so.”
If a user points and clicks a lot, it may not be obvious that the entire computer is locked up. Most describe it as the mouse being stuck. The first analyst will spend about 10 minutes cleaning the mouse before realizing it’s not the problem.
3. Avoid asking the user questions that begin with the words “Did you...”
Most users will try a lot of things on their own before calling a help desk. They are usually very frustrated. They also know that if a computer geek was around he or she would get things working immediately, but they would do it so quickly that no one could follow. Most users suspect there are secret ways of getting computers to work. They figure if they can wait you out you will be forced to reveal the secrets. Since they know they’ve already tried everything, if you ask, “Did you…” the answer will always be yes.
“Did you try holding down the [Ctrl] and [Alt] keys while pressing [Delete]?”
“Yes.”
“Did you press [Esc]?”
“Yes.”
“Did you hold the computer over your head while executing the ritual disk drive dance?”
“Yes.”
It’s usually not that bad, but many users just aren’t listening to the entire question. Instead of asking questions, try to get the user to attempt the tasks while you are talking. Sometimes they don’t want to do this, but you can usually convince them by using the method in the following conversation.
“Hmmm? That is unusual. Don’t you hate it when computers suddenly stop working? Let’s try this. I have the same program. Let me get it launched, and we can run this procedure at the same time. Maybe if we can pinpoint where my computer is behaving differently we’ll be able to figure out where your computer is messing up. If mine does the same thing, we’ll just have a talk with the programmers.”
“I have a thing or two I would like to tell those guys.”
“Don’t we all. Okay, I’m ready. You tell me every keystroke you’re using, and I’ll match it exactly here.”
Now the user has a logical reason to go through all those steps again. He or she can prove it’s the computer. It might not be fair to drag in the programmers, but with a particularly difficult user, bonding can help. Don’t overuse it, though. The programmers are your friends.
4. Do your best to have the same setup as your users.
Sometimes this is the most difficult rule. Very few offices are lucky enough to have all or even most of their users on the same setup. It may be necessary for every analyst to have a different configuration and then borrow each other’s workstations depending on the call.
The main reason this rule is hard to follow is the almost irresistible urge to upgrade. It’s a great idea to get new equipment and software before the user for testing purposes, but be careful. It’s very easy for the help desk to fall into the trap of getting the latest coolest equipment and software. No program is going to run the same on 400 MHz and 128 MB of RAM as it will on 166 MHz and 32 MB. It’s essential to be able to experience software as your users experience it.
5. Never pretend you know more than you actually do.
Most people—users, managers, and analysts alike—think it is the job of the help desk analyst to know everything there is to know about the user’s hardware and software. It’s a bit humiliating for help desk analysts not to know an answer, and they will usually try to come up with one—even if it’s a guess. Guessing becomes a bad thing when the analyst states guesses as if they were facts. If later in the conversation the analyst is proven wrong, all credibility is lost.
So what’s the answer? How do great help desk analysts remain great if they can’t answer their users’ questions? This is not as hard as it seems. Just be completely honest. Let’s face it. There is a lot of demands put on a help desk. It’s not uncommon for a help desk to receive software after the users. A great help desk analyst knows how to support software on the fly. The following approach usually works.
“Boy! When you said new, you meant it. Can you believe they didn’t even tell us here at the help desk that this program was out there? Fortunately I can access it through our Web page. How much do you know about it yourself?”
“Just what the book tells me.”
“Book! You’re one up on me. Well they’re not going to defeat us. I’ve got it up now. You tell me what you want it to do and how you’re going about it and we’ll see if I can manage to fill in the blanks. Team effort. “
The funny part is most users like being able to help solve the problem. They usually feel stupid when they have to call for assistance. Being part of the solution instead of just the problem is a good thing. As far as credibility goes, the analyst who solves a problem after admitting ignorance will mount up credibility galore.
6. One word: Empathy.
The analyst with empathy will be a lot more helpful to the users, and the users will feel the empathy and be a lot happier and more cooperative. On top of everything else, empathy is just as important to the well-being of the analyst as it is to the users.
Empathy is something not found in a lot of help desks, and the lack of it is probably what drives analysts to leave, even though they don’t know it. Who wants to talk to a bunch of whiny, ungrateful crybabies who can’t even start their computers without help? The answer is no one. No help desk can ever be successful or retain analysts for any length of time if this is how the users are viewed.
The problem is that most of this computer stuff is easy once it’s been explained, so people forget how hard it seemed before. A great help desk analyst remembers what it was like not to know. They usually have reminders every day, at least those who follow rule number five.
7. Do everything you can to make the call an enjoyable experience for the user.
This rule may seem like overkill to many people. After all, these are computer professionals, not kindergarten teachers. Nevertheless, a great help desk analyst has fun with the users. The users know the analyst by name and are relieved to hear that individual answer the phone. This makes the call much easier and, therefore, quicker.
Not everyone wants to be a great help desk analyst. Many would rather be a programmer or trainer. For them the tenure on the help desk is a steppingstone to a higher plane. Regardless of your goals, for most people, being a great help desk analyst is actually easier than being a mediocre or bad one. Nothing ruins the day like a nasty user that just won’t quit. Great help desk analysts have very few of those.Join David Powers for an in-depth discussion in this video What is the Standard PHP Library?, part of Learning the Standard PHP Library.
- Before looking at individual aspects of the standard PHP library, I think it's important to explain what it is. The standard PHP library, or SPL for short, is standard in the sense that there's nothing to install. It's a core part of PHP. It was introduced in PHP 5.0, so it's been part of the language since 2004. Originally, it was possible to compile PHP without the SPL. But since PHP 5.3, it's become a default component and can't be disabled.
Although it's called a library, SPL is not another framework like Symfony or CakePHP. So, what is it? According to the PHP online documentation, the standard PHP library (SPL) is a collection of interfaces and classes that are meant to solve common problems. At the time of recording this video, that's all it says. It's accurate, but not very helpful. So, let's take a look at the main index. The SPL defines a series of data structures such as doubly linked lists, stacks, queues and heaps.
It also defines a large number of iterators for looping over arrays, objects, and the system file structure. If I scroll down to the bottom of this page, we can see that there are three classes that are dedicated to file handling. One of the problems with the SPL, is that the documentation isn't as user friendly as other core parts of PHP. So, that's the idea behind this course, to lift some of the mystery and to help you explore the secrets of the SPL beginning with the Standard PHP Library?
That are very nice things to have!
That seems like a very very reasonable shopping list. I sure hope you get everything on your list. If not, maybe you can put them on your holiday Wish List!
That's a great shopping list. Do you really think you'll get some of those things? I'm allowed to lick the bowl after Mom has chocolate (low fat) ice cream and it's never hurt me one bit.
Tipper
Did you see Beezer's red boa? I want one!
Maxwell Smartkitty
Oh, I don't believe it!!! Is another cat getting a stroller?
George
mm I like the idea of steak on the shopping list. You are a cat after my own heart xx
That's a great shopping list! Just hand it on over to your beans ...
What a grate list. We would like efurryfing on it except #10 and 12. Ice cubes are fun. we like chasing them around the kitchen floor.
We LOVE vanila ice kreem!!!!! YUM YUM YUM!!!
that's not asking for too much
Ice cubes are easy enough to make at home, so you shouldn't have to buy them. I think the rest of the list is pretty reasonable, but the 8-foot tall cat tree might have to wait for a special occasion, like your birthday or Christmas.
It looks a great list~!
Great shopping list!! Can we borrow it so we can give it to our Mom!!
Samantha & TiggerFrequently Asked Questions
You've probably got questions, and that's completely normal! Check out some of our frequently asked questions below. If you don't see your question listed here, contact us and we'll address your questions directly.
What makes ROYDAN different from other debt collection software providers?
We thrive on doing things differently than the other providers out there! Here are just a few ways we set ourselves apart:
- We design integrated solutions.
Our products are designed by us to work together in real-time, without the need for uploads and downloads. It makes your life easier and eliminates compliance hassles.
- We use a consumer-centric approach.
Our customers tell us they prefer this compared to an account-centric model. It makes it easier to handle multiple accounts without the risk of duplicating efforts or accidentally calling the same person twice in the same day.
- We're dedicated to serving the debt collection industry.
Our solutions are designed specifically for debt collection agencies and that's the only thing we do.
- We treat our customers like family.
We'll get to know you by name, we'll make the transition as easy as possible, and we'll be here to support you every step of the way.
How much does your software cost?
Our pricing is based on which specific features you need. During the discovery process, we'll discuss your company's unique workflow, needs, and goals, and recommend the solutions that we believe will provide the most benefit for your agency.
Do you have a demo or trial version of the software?
The short answer is no. Our software is designed to be extremely flexible and adaptable to the unique needs of each customer. For that reason, we prefer to provide you with an in-depth demo personalized to your agency.
Isn't your software best suited for smaller agencies?
Actually, our Bloodhound® software offers teh scalability to fit virtually any size collection agency. Our customers range in size from 1 to hundreds of users.
If I choose your hosted solution, who owns my data?
You do! Think of it like renting a storage unit. You still own whatever you put inside the rented space. With our hosted service, your data is stored on servers at our hosting company, but you still own the data.
Do you support an on-site installation model?
Of course! We have flexible ownership plans to accommodate this business model, and will work with you to plan and implement the software on your server.
Do I need separate modules for different types of collections?
Not at all—Bloodhound's flexible design can accommodate all types of debt collection without the need for separate modules.
Didn't find what you were looking for?July 2, 2002
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. The Purdue School of Civil Engineering recently presented more than 75 students with honors at the school's annual awards program.
The awards presented were:
The Greeley and Hansen Elmer F. Ballotti Memorial Fellowship, which was established in 1996 by Greeley and Hansen in memory of their partner. The fellowship is awarded to graduate students pursuing a master's degree in environmental engineering.
The John R. Blandford Memorial Award, which was established in 1991 in memory of Purdue graduate John R. Blandford. The award recipients are graduate students in environmental engineering.
The Donald E. Bloodgood Memorial A986 in memory of Professor Bloodgood, head of the environmental engineering area from 1943 to 1971. The award is presented to a student who excels in environmental engineering.
The Jacques W. Delleur Award, which was established in 1996 by Professor Emeritus Jacques Delleur of the School of Civil Engineering. The award is presented to a graduate degree candidate currently working on topics in hydraulics research. The award provides financial support for travel expenses to attend a scientific or professional meeting for the acquisition of information and/or the delivery of a paper.
The Matthew Edward Kern Environmental Engineering Scholarship/Fellowship, which was established by Mr. and Mrs. Brian Kern in memory of their son, a former student in the School of Civil Engineering. The fellowship is presented to a junior, senior or graduate student pursuing a degree in the field of environmental engineering with a strong interest in the conservation of natural lakes and rivers and/or wastewater treatment.
The David E. Saksa Memorial Pass-the-Torch Award, which was established in 1988 by Mike and Norma Saksa in memory of their son, David E. Saksa, who was a senior in civil engineering at the time of his death. The award is presented to a student pursuing a career in environmental engineering.
The Gerrit H. Toebes Memorial Award, which was established in 1983 in memory of Gerrit H. Toebes, professor and head of the hydraulics and systems engineering area. The award, presented to an undergraduate or graduate student majoring in hydraulics and systems engineering, is given based on scholarship and leadership.
The William L. Wood Jr. Fellowship, a merit-based fellowship, established in 1998 by Terry Wood in memory of her husband and civil engineering faculty member, Professor William Wood. The award is presented to a first-year graduate student pursuing an advanced degree in environmental or hydraulic engineering.
The Martin J. Gutzwiller Memorial Awards, which were established in 1982 by family and friends in memory of Martin J. Gutzwiller, a professor of structural engineering. The awards are presented to students for superior performance and outstanding leadership in structural engineering.
The Eldon J. Yoder Memorial Awards, established in 1984 by family and friends in memory of Eldon J. Yoder, professor of transportation engineering. The award is presented to outstanding senior undergraduate and graduate students majoring in transportation and urban engineering.
The Tony Clark Awards, which were established by Mr. H.K. "Tony" Clark. The awards are presented to outstanding students entering the School of Civil Engineering after completing their freshman year.
The Greenberg Scholarship, which was established by Daniel Greenberg in 1999. The award is presented to a student concentrating in construction.
The Albert James Horth Memorial Scholarship, which was established in 1996 by Robert J. Horth in memory of Albert J. Horth. The scholarships are presented for academic excellence.
The Kleason Freshman Scholarship for a pre-civil engineering student, which was established in 2000 by Hubert and Audrey Kleason. The scholarship is presented to an outstanding student in freshman engineering planning to pursue a degree in civil engineering.
The Edna C. and William Y.H. Ling Civil Engineering Scholarship, which was established in 1997 by Edna C. and William Y.H. Ling. The scholarships are presented to students in the School of Civil Engineering who excel academically.
The Robert D and Margaret J. Miles Civil Engineering Scholarship, which was established in 1998 by Professor Emeritus Robert D. Miles. The scholarships are awarded to one or more students of junior or senior class standing who are enrolled in the School of Civil Engineering.
The John and Sharon Reynolds Civil Engineering Scholarship, which was established by John and Sharon Reynolds in 2001. The award is presented to an undergraduate who has excelled in the School of Civil Engineering.
The Outstanding Senior Award for Civil Engineering, sponsored by the Purdue Student Engineering Foundation and awarded based on academic achievement and extracurricular activities.
The Myrtle Ford Tompt Award, established in 1980 by Arthur and Myrtle Ford Tompt. The award is given to the junior or senior in the School of Civil Engineering with the highest cumulative grade point average.
The Roy E & Myrna Wansik Civil Engineering/Cary Quadrangle Scholarship, which is presented to a junior, senior or graduate student with a minimum grade point average of 3.0 who resides in Cary Quadrangle or is an employee or child of an employee of Cary Quadrangle during the year covered by the scholarship.
The Pai Tao Yeh Memorial Scholarship, which was established in 1998 by Mrs. Yeh in memory of her husband. The award is presented to undergraduate students enrolled in the School of Civil Engineering.
A certificate of merit in recognition of excellence in academic improvement in civil engineering, sponsored by the D.J. Angus Scientech Educational Foundation and the Office of the Dean of Engineering at Purdue.
The Geomatics Faculty Recognition Award, presented by faculty members in geomatics for excellence in the geomatics program.
The John G. McEntyre ISPLS Scholarship, established in 1989 by Purdue Professor John McEntyre and the Indiana Society of Professional Land Surveyors Inc. The scholarship is presented to an outstanding junior from Indiana majoring in land surveying.
The Jud and Betty Rouch Land Surveying Scholarship, established by Jud Rouch to recognize an outstanding student majoring in land surveying.
The Falk PLI Surveying Scholarship, established in 2000 by Mike Falk of PLI Engineering and Surveying in Portage, Ind. The scholarship is presented to an outstanding undergraduate student majoring in engineering surveying.
The John E. Goldberg Fellowship, established in 1997 with a gift from Dorothy Goldberg in memory of her husband, John E. Goldberg, professor emeritus of structural engineering. The fellowship is awarded to a student with scholarly potential who is pursuing a graduate degree in structural engineering.
The Martha Dick Stevens Scholarship, established in 1994 by Paul and Caryl Hamman and their daughter, Judith, to provide an annual cash award of $5,000 to encourage and promote the roles of women in civil engineering. The scholarship is awarded to a full-time female graduate student in the doctoral program at Purdue. Previously called the Maple Point Foundation Graduate Research Award, it has been renamed the Martha Dick Stevens Fellowship in honor of the first woman graduate of the School of Civil Engineering in 1897.
The William L. Dolch Graduate Scholarship, established in 2000 by Mrs. Elaine Dolch in memory of her husband, Professor William L. Dolch, and alumni donors who made contributions to the William L. Dolch Memorial Fund.The award is presented to a graduate student enrolled in the School of Civil Engineering who is pursuing a graduate degree in the area of materials.
The Joseph P. Chu Award, established in 1990 with gifts in memory of Joseph P. Chu (Ph.D.'73). The award is given to graduate students studying environmental engineering.
The William and Mary Goetz Graduate Fellowship, which awards one or more merit-based scholarships for graduate students enrolled in the School of Civil Engineering and pursuing an advanced degree in the field of materials, with a preference for students interested in flexible (asphalt) pavements.
General civil engineering scholarships also are awarded for academic excellence in the School of Civil Engineering. They are provided for by general donations to the school for scholarships to undergraduate students.
Other awards presented include outstanding teaching assistant awards, The Central Indiana Chapter ISPLS Scholarship, the Land Surveying Award and the Margaret Cunningham Memorial Scholarship.
Writer: Marydell Forbes, (765) 496-7704, mforbes@purdue.edu
Source: Linda Higgins, (765) 494-2157, lhiggins@purdue.edu
Purdue News Service: (765) 494-2096; purduenews@purdue.edu
To the Purdue News and Photos Pageamazing events, fantastic culture projects, and good times
A brand new, new music night, showcasing some of the brightest young bands and songwriters emerging in the South East music scene.
From classic singer-songwriters to EDM future stars, Young Guns brings the next big thing right to you, right now.
Check individual dates for full line up details.Mike Epperson
404 S Main St Payson, Illinois 62360(217) 656-3752
Print | Save | Directions
AboutMike Epperson is located at the address 404 S Main St in Payson, Illinois 62360. They can be contacted via phone at (217) 656-3752 for pricing, hours and directions.
Mike Epperson has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999. .
For maps and directions to Mike Epperson view the map to the right. For reviews of Mike Epperson see below.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (217) 656-3752
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 1
Exact Sales Volume: 89000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:
People Also Viewed
Jim Hoskins
715 N Main St Payson, Illinois 62360
Reviews
Add
You must Sign in to post reviews.
0 ReviewsWelcome to enter to get Runescape 2007 Gold.The following is information about the Summoning..Category: Designer Dresses […] […]
Korean Style Mini Dresses 2014 Collection for Girls
>>IMAGE […]
Miranda Kerr Street Style
>>IMAGE […] […]She stayed home from school to (hopefully) recover from the last of her sore throat and cough while the other kids headed off for the first day back after Christmas break.
(I love when my kids stay home!)
As soon as the other kids were out the door she set to work on her plans for the day.
We all became superheroes.
Curly wanted a crown. Cowgirl was only taking orders for masks. They compromised.
6 comments:
Sick days ARE awesome! I remember trying to pretend to be sick when I was a kid. Sick days at our house meant hot chocolate, snuggling in bed, and Little House on the Prarie.
P.S. You look like Mrs. Incredible, therefore you ARE Mrs. Incredible! (Seriously, and in more ways than one.)
You could totally pull off Mrs. Incredible. And I can't help noticing that the hair is still straight. Are you opting for the don't wash it for 5 months, or did you straighten it again?
Hey Gerb,
Awesome self-portrait!!!
So, do the super powers come with the mask, or are they sold separately?
So, the next time that I am sick, can I come over and make some masks? You are the coolest Mom!!
Cami- Sick days at my house meant being alone and bored. I pretended I was fine so I could go to school. And p.s. you flatter me.
Maleen- I tried for the 5 month deal then decided to go ahead and wash it. It's curly again and I like it!
Rebecca- Thanks for noticing! I used all the tips that were left on my "Thinking Out Loud" post.
Tchn5th- We all have super powers. The mask just helps bring them out. Try it sometime! (Should I have Cowgirl make you one?)
Chelle!- Cowgirl and I will be expecting you sometime before it gets warm again...2003 Legislative Session: 4th Session, 37th Parliament
THIRD READING
The following electronic version is for informational
purposes only.
The printed version remains the official version.
Certified correct as passed Third Reading on the 30th day of
October, 2003
Ian D. Izard, Law Clerk
HONOURABLE GARY COLLINS
MINISTER OF FINANCE
HER MAJESTY, by and with the advice and consent of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of British Columbia, enacts as follows:
1 Section 1 of the Unclaimed Property Act, S.B.C. 1999, c. 48, is amended
(a) in the definition of "holder" by adding ", a court" after "the government",
(b) by adding the following definition:
"unclaimed court funds" has the meaning prescribed in the regulations; , and
(c) in the definition of "unclaimed money deposit" by striking out "section 2," and substituting "section 2 or 18.2,".
2 Section 3 is repealed and the following substituted:
3 If the amount of an unclaimed money deposit meets or exceeds the amount prescribed for the purposes of this section, the administrator must make reasonable efforts to do the following:
(a) if the unclaimed money deposit is unclaimed court funds that had been held by the court in relation to a proceeding and if there has been no determination in that proceeding as to who is entitled to those funds, locate each of the parties to the proceeding who might have a claim to some or all of the funds and notify those parties about the funds;
(b) in any other case, locate the owner and to notify the owner about the money.
3 Section 4.2 is amended
(a) in subsection (3) by striking out "The administrator" and substituting "Subject to subsection (4), the administrator", and
(b) by adding the following subsection:
(4) If a claim made under this section relates to unclaimed court funds that had been held by the court in relation to a proceeding, the administrator must
(a) allow the claim if and to the extent that there has been a determination in the proceeding that the claimant is the owner of those funds, or
(b) in any other case, direct the claimant to the court to obtain such a determination.
4 Section 7.2 is amended by striking out ", at the prescribed place".
5 Section 17 is amended
(a) in subsection (2) by adding the following paragraph:
(q) respecting the rights and duties of the administrator in relation to unclaimed court funds. , and
(b) by adding the following subsections:
(4) The Lieutenant Governor in Council must not make a regulation to prescribe a meaning for "unclaimed court funds", or make a regulation under subsection (2) (q) of this section, unless the Lieutenant Governor in Council has received the recommendation of the Attorney General after the Attorney General has consulted with the following:
(a) the Chief Justice of British Columbia, in relation to regulations affecting the Court of Appeal;
(b) the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, in relation to regulations affecting the Supreme Court;
(c) the Chief Judge of the Provincial Court, in relation to regulations affecting the Provincial Court.
(5) A regulation referred to in subsection (4) may provide differently for the Court of Appeal, the Supreme Court and the Provincial Court.
6 The following sections are added:
18.1 (1) Despite the Supreme Court Rules and despite any other enactment, the administrator may search any file in a court registry that may be searched by the general public, and may take from such a file copies of any records of which the general public may take copies, without payment of any fee other than the applicable fee, if any, prescribed under subsection (2).
(2) The Lieutenant Governor in Council may prescribe fees payable by the administrator for
(a) any search by the administrator of any court file the administrator is entitled to search under subsection (1), and
(b) any copies taken by the administrator of records contained in a court file referred to in paragraph (a).
18.2 (1) Despite the Supreme Court Rules and despite any other enactment, if money paid into, or deposited in, court becomes unclaimed court funds, any of the following persons may authorize the Minister of Finance or any person designated by that minister to pay the unclaimed court funds to the administrator:
(a) a justice, judge or registrar of the court;
(b) in the case of the Supreme Court, a master.
(2) After receipt of an authorization referred to in subsection (1), the Minister of Finance or the person designated by that minister may pay to the administrator the unclaimed court funds in respect of which the authorization was provided.
(3) Despite Rule 58 of the Supreme Court Rules and despite any other enactment, unclaimed court funds paid to the administrator under this section are deemed to be an unclaimed money deposit under this Act and are not trust funds.
(4) Despite any other provision of this Act, the administrator must comply with all court orders and regulations relating to unclaimed court funds paid to the administrator under this section.
[ Return to: Legislative Assembly Home Page ]Travel: Salem by Moonlight
At some point, “family vacation” becomes an oxymoron: Where do you go with teenagers? Ours acquiesced to Salem, Massachusetts, a town once gripped by hysterical youths diming out their elders. Sounds like fun!
We brought along the hound from hell, but the receptionist at the pet-friendly Salem Inn, an elegant conjunction of three Colonial townhomes, didn’t even glance at our 120-pound mutt as she handed me the key to our suite. It had exposed beams, a kitchenette, a Jacuzzi, a pullout couch and a daybed for the kids, a queen-size for us, and a petite balcony overlooking rooftops the kids recognized from the movie Hocus Pocus. They were downright tingly.
For a smallish town, Salem has a jumpin’ street life. We dined on lobster rolls and clam chowder outdoors at Lobster Shanty on Artists Row, two doors down from an African drum shop. Then we walked to the Salem Witch Memorial, a solemn stone tribute to the 1692 trials that left 20 dead.
In the darkness, we wandered out to the quays and admired the grand Custom House where Nathaniel Hawthorne once toiled. The next day, after the hardy breakfast the Salem Inn provides, we toured the House of the Seven Gables, which the kids dubbed “cool” thanks to the hidden staircase and a lively guide. I filled my daughter in on the plot of The Scarlet Letter, and she was properly outraged: “That is so unfair!” We bought Black Jacks and Gibralters at Ye Olde Pepper Candy Companie, the nation’s oldest confectionery. At the pre-1700 Witch House, there were grumbles of false advertising from black-clad Wiccans (who throng here from all over): The sole connection to the trials is that a judge lived there. But Salem has tons of tacky witch-related sites, including two wax museums.
We dined at Rockafellas, in a former bank, on crab fritters, more clam chowder, and pear salad, then descended on the Peabody Essex Museum, which the New York Times dubbed “a cross-cultural marvel,” with its maritime collection and the world’s largest assemblage of Asian export art. Equally impressive is the town’s architecture, with post-medieval, Georgian, Federal, Greek Revival and Italianate homes. (The circa-1808 Morning Glory Bed and Breakfast is gorgeous and centrally located.)
At midnight, we all took the dog out to the common where the witches were hanged, sat on a bench, and talked about truth and consequences. Our voices were whispers. Salem casts a spell.
Where to stay:
The Salem Inn, 7 Summer Street; 978-741-0680. Rooms from $125.
Morning Glory Bed and Breakfast, 22 Hardy Street; 978-741-1703. Rooms from $135.
Where to eat:
Lobster Shanty, 26 Front Street; 978-745-5449. Dinner for two about $60 without drinks.
Rockafellas Restaurant & Bar, 231 Essex Street; 978-745-2411. Dinner for two about $60 without wine.
What to do:
House of the Seven Gables, 54 Turner Street; 978-744-0991.
Peabody Essex Museum, Essex and New Liberty streets; 866-745-1876.
Salem Wax Museum, 288 Derby Street; 978-740-2WAX.
Witch House, 310 Essex Street; 978-744-88If the last few weeks are any indication, this will be a year of near-constant protest. Just a week after the Women’s March on January 21 drew an estimated 3 to 4 million participants nationwide, crowds gathered at airports around the U.S. to protest Donald Trump’s executive order on immigration. Demonstrations of solidarity with immigrants, women’s rights, and minorities have followed, and plans are in the works for a climate-change rally and a March for Science in Washington in the spring.
But a handful of legislators–specifically conservative legislators–are putting some laws in motion that seem designed to stymie continued marches and actions, by potentially criminalizing the public right to peaceful protest. According to The Intercept, lawmakers in at least 10 states have proposed bills designed to limit the scope and nature of demonstrations. Lee Rowland, a senior staff attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union, tells Co.Exist that in her 12 years of working with the organization, “this is the biggest wave of anti-protest legislation we’ve seen.”
In Minnesota, where Black Lives Matter-related protests over the death of Philando Castile at the hands of a police officer flooded the Twin Cities area this past summer, a bill that passed a Republican-controlled committee in the state House in late January would allow cities to charge protesters for the cost of policing demonstrations. According to the Minnesota representative and bill author Nick Zerwas (R-Elk River), Minneapolis, St. Paul, and Bloomington have racked up around $2.5 million in protest-related costs over the last 18 months. The bill, Minneapolis NAACP president Jason Sole told the Guardian, is a “highly racialized” response to local protests that ignited over the past year in response to police brutality. Notably, Zerwas also introduced a bill earlier in January that would crack down on highway demonstrations–a form of resistance common to the Black Lives Matter movement–making them punishable by up to a year in jail and a $3,000 fine (most states already fine people for impeding traffic on highways, but it’s rare for charges to exceed $100).
Indiana’s approach to highway-protest control is almost more sinister: There, ostensibly in response to the spate of protests following the election, Republicans introduced a bill permitting police to use “any means necessary” to clear protesters off public roads. The language of that proposed law echoes the disturbing proposal that North Dakota state representative Keith Kempenich introduced in response to the Dakota Access Pipeline protests, which would waive penalties for motorists who run over and kill demonstrators, as long as the collision could be deemed “accidental.” Rowland says that she’s “never before seen a bill that so blatantly demonizes protesters. When people hear of this legislation, it rings as nothing other than deliberately silencing dissent.”
Other bills floating up through the Washington State and Iowa legislatures similarly seek to punish roadway demonstrations by increasing fines and jail sentences. Iowa’s bill was introduced after 100 protesters blocked Interstate Highway 80 following Trump’s election; Washington’s bill is also responding to street demonstrations following the election, which State Senator Doug Erickson has termed “economic terrorism” for blocking access to commercial avenues and damaging property. Michigan, The Intercept reports, seems to be specifically targeting labor unions: A bill passed through that state’s House of Representatives (but tabled, for now, by the Senate) would fine picketers $1,000 per day for organizing en masse in front of businesses and slap a daily charge of $10,000 on unions overseeing the strike; a companion bill “would have it made easier for employers to replace striking workers,” The Intercept added.
Though none of these bills have yet to be signed into law, activists are concerned about the future of public demonstrations under this heightened climate. Tessa Nelson, the legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Minnesota, told the Guardian that this spate of proposals could very well.”
However, Rowland says that anti-protest proposals often fail to make it into law, for the simple reason that they’re often not as partisan in their application as they are in their introduction. Bills meant to target, for instance, pro-choice demonstrators, by nature also must impact anti-choice ralliers. “One lawmakers realize that, they become a lot less appealing as a partisan vehicle,” Rowland says.
And protesters themselves, Rowland adds, are not deterred by the proposed bills. “Organizers are appalled, protesters are appalled,” she says. “The last several months have seen historic levels of protest in this country, and every person who has made the choice to go out and demonstrate rightly sees these bills as targeting them and limiting their freedom of expression.” But looking at the response in Minneapolis, they’re unlikely to effectively do so. After Minnesota proposed its dual anti-protest laws, Black Lives Matter Minneapolis made its stance clear on Facebook. “This is not a post of defeat,” the group wrote. “This is a warning to those trying to take away our freedom. We Ready. We Coming.”The most likely post-B.C.-tax destinations of Chinese investors While the full effects of B.C.’s 15 per cent tax on foreign buyers have yet to be seen, a prominent industry player has outlined several alternative markets that Chinese investors might flock to. In a BuzzBuzzNews report, real estate portal Juwai.com (which serves Chinese buyers of overseas properties) noted that Toronto, Calgary, and Ottawa are the Canadian cities that will prove most enticing to those who want to avoid the tax. In particular, Calgary has been marked an area of special interest. Juwai cited the city’s distinctive strengths, including its natural sights and its unique accessibility to China via a direct flight. The tax has made Chinese investors far more apprehensive, evident in last month’s dramatic 55.6 per cent decline in inquiries by mainland buyers about Vancouver properties listed at $1 million and above. “Part of the problem is that the media coverage has been very dramatic and abundant within China, raising uncertainties,” according to Matthew Moore, Juwai’s president of the Americas. “Right now, Seattle is the number-one city in North America for Chinese buyer enquiries, even displacing Los Angeles,” Moore added. However, Moore cautioned that making definitive conclusions about the impact of the tax is premature at this point. “Remember, Vancouver enquiries have been very volatile — with big monthly variations — in the past. So looking at a short period like this may not give us an accurate view of long-term trends,” he stated. Related Stories: Vancouver’s August sales plunge to 4-year record low Is Montreal the next big foreign buyers' haven? Leave a comment SHARE1.00€
-
xx- Bsic 12+1 color
Color Palette:
- 2.00€
- 2.00€
- 2.00€
- 2.00€
- 3.00€
- 3.00€
- 6.00€
- 3.00€
- 5.00€
- 2.00€Prashant Patil
Location: Sangli, Maharashtra India
Company: ADCET
Profession: Student
Number of times previously entering contest: never
Favorite design and analysis tools: Catia v5, ANSYS, Acusolve
Inspired by: The proposed work has applications such as preventing piracy at cinema theaters. This work will serve to reduce billion of economical loss in worldwide film industries suffers due to piracy. Now a days there is problem in shopping mall in ladies changing rooms which disturb privacy of individual by means of video shoot or photography. This system is efficient in Defense areas where privacy is major concerned.Rowing at University in Cambridge
The Bumps
How They Work
- Divisions
- The start
- Bumps, overbumps and the new start order
- Moving between divisions - the sandwich boat
- Lent and May bumps - days and dates
- The Getting On Race
Divisions
As with most large rowing events, the bumps are run in divisions. Each division comprises 17 crews which line up one every 150 feet between Baits Bite lock and First Post Corner. In the Lent Bumps there are 4 men's divisions and 3 women's, and in the May Bumps, 6 men's divisions and 4 women's.
In addition, the top boat from each division (called the sandwich boat) races for a second time as the 18th crew at the foot of the division above . The bottom division comprises 18 boats rather than 17 - making a total of 103 men's crews and 69 women's in the Mays.
The Start
The start of each division is marked by the firing of a small cannon from just upstream of the motorway bridge. Warning shots are fired with 4 minutes to go and 1 minute to go, by which time if all is well the crews will be pulled in to the bank in position and ready to go.
The spacing of the crews (one every two and a half lengths) is marked out on the river bank, and there is a long length of chain, with a large cork or bung at the end, attached to the bank at each "station". Each cox holds this bung - clearly above his head or to the side - until the racing starts.
With about 20 seconds to go, each crew's coach or boatman uses a long pole to gently push the boat out away from the bank, and the crews 'come forwards' ready to race in anticipation of the final gun shot.The chain being held by the cox ensures that each boat is within a certain distance of its station. It is usual to attempt to position the boat ahead of it's station at the end of the chain, but this is at the risk of running out of chain and having the cox fighting to hold on to it whilst trying desparately to keep the boat straight!
Bumps, Overbumps, and the New Starting Order
To achieve a bump, any part of your boat, crew or blades must physically touch any part of the boat, oarsmen or blades of the crew ahead. Often the bumping crew's bows will make contact with stroke or 7's blade of the boat ahead - requiring a good deal of overlap between the crews before a bump is won.
When the crew being bumped believes it has been hit or wishes to concede, the cox acknowledges the bump by raising his arm clearly. If the cox of the loosing crew is slow to acknowledge the bump, then the situation can quickly become quite dangerous; if they refuse to acknowledge then they can sometimes find a blade, or more seriously the bows, striking them in the back - at which point there is generally very little further delay!
In high divisions, the racing is generally fairly close and often lasts for much of the course, but in lower divisions the difference in standard between crews increases, along with the general chaos - and bumps can happen very quickly. If the speed of two boats is dramatically different then blades and sometimes boats can be damaged - to the dispair of boatman but the delight of spectators!
After a bump, the two crews both stop racing and attempt to manouveur to the side of the river, to allow crews behind to continue. If you find that the two crews ahead have 'bumped out' in this way, then you clearly can no longer win a bump yourself. All is not necessarily lost, however, since you may have the chance to bump the crew who started three places ahead of you - called an over-bump. Double over-bumps (going up or down 5) are also seen from time to time (the bumps chart shows Pembroke II double over-bumping Trinity Hall III in the 1999 May Bumps), and whilst triple over-bumps are usually extremely rare, there were two in the May bumps 2001 - one of which saw our 3rd men's boat being hit by Homerton I, who started a whopping 7 places (that's 16 and a half boat lengths - or about 300m) behind us.
For the next day's racing, the two crews that hit each other simply swap places. If your boat bumps, you therefore go up one in the starting order. If you neither bump or get bumped, it is called 'rowing over' and you retain the same starting position.
Changing Divisions; the Sandwich Boat
The sandwich boat is the name given to the crew at the top of each division (apart from the crew at the Head of the River), which after it has raced its own division has the chance to bump up to the division above by racing again as that division's 18th crew. If a crew starts 2nd in a division, it is therefore possible for it to go up 2 on one day (and perhaps 5 places in total if it bumps every other day too) - as illustrated by 1st and 3rd II in the bumps chart on the right. This represent a bump on Clare at the top of the 2nd division and a bump on Sidney Sussex in a second row an hour and a half later as sandwich boat in the 1st division. The chart shows the boundary between the 1st and 2nd divisions of the May bumps in 1999.
If a sandwich boat finds itself unable to bump the 17th boat in its second race each day, it can become a very tiring week - with up to 8 races in 4 days! This ordeal was survived by New Hall I, for example, in the May Bumps in 1999 when they held the position shown in the chart (showing the boundary between the 1st and 2nd women's divisions of the Mays in 1999) on the left, whilst Magdalene and Robinson had something of a tussle ahead.
Lent and May races
The bumps basically take place on eight days of the year - for four days in week six of Lent term (early March) and four days after exams in May term (mid June). These two sets of bumps are called the Lent Bumps (or Lents) and the May Bumps (or Mays) respectively. The starting orders for the two sets of bumps are independent - that is that order for the Lents this year follows from the finishing order of the Lents last year, and the same for the Mays. This is to make the racing fairer if University level oarsmen are not spread evenly between clubs, and also to account for the much larger scale of the (warmer) Mays.
Although each crew still races on only four days (apart from some sandwich boats...), the Lent Bumps are actually spread over five and so run from Tuesday to Saturday, to reduce the number of people needing to miss morning lectures. They run in the 6th full week of lectures of Lent term.
The May bumps are run more simply over four days - from Wednesday to Saturday - and they happen when the stress of work and exams are over and before May week, in June (technically the 8th week of term).
The Getting On Race
The last piece of the jigsaw is the fate of those crews who don't already have a place on the river from the previous year's races. If there are more crews entered than places on the river, up to ten crews are taken from the bottom of the starting order and entered along with new entrants in the 'Getting On Race'. This takes the form of a time trial over the 2000 m University IVs course (little bridge post to post before the railway bridge). Unless there are a very large number of entries, one in three crews are successful and win places in the bumps - which is called 'rowing on'.
Those crews who had places in the bottom division the previous year are placed in the order in which they then finished, ahead of new entrants which are put on in a random order. By bumping up out of the bottom ten crews, a crew can win its club another 'permanent' place on the river for the following year.
It is often the case that the crews which are successful in the getting on race are generally much quicker than the crews in the upper half of the bottom division (which do not have to Row On) - and this often results in particularly dramatic bumps and over bumps in the sixth division. The chart shows Girton IV and 1st & 3rd VIII being overbumped numerous times by crews which rowed on - finishing in the same order but down a depressing, albeit entertaining, 8 places!
Next: The Hooter system and Bumping, celebrating, winning Blades, and going Head.Hi Guys, I have gor my 1990 Corvette TPI a few weeks ago and it is starting to warm up enough for me to start working on it. What sort of fuel pump should I be looking for? My truck is a 1972 Blazer. Right now I have the stock tank but I do have a bigger but bare (no internals) 1987 Blazer tank. I think I would like to use the bigger tank. Could I some how get a Chevy internal pump to fit in it? If I did go for a stcok pump what doner vehicles should I be looking for to pull one from? What vehicles have fuel pumps that put out enough pressure to run the TPI? Or should I just get an aftermarket external pump? Let me hear what you have to say. Thanks guys, RodThe.
Kenaidan Contracting Ltd (Kenaidan) was selected by the Capital Regional District (CRD) through a competitive selection process to build the expanded Clover Point Pump Station. Kenaidan has more than 30 years of experience building, modernizing, and expanding waterworks facilities within southern Ontario and British Columbia.
Construction on the Clover Point Pump Station is anticipated to begin in early 2018 and will be complete in mid-2020. The contractor, Kenaidan, will conduct further geotechnical investigations in the upper parking lot at the Clover Point Park in early December 2017. In January 2018, Kenaidan will set up a preliminary work site on the west side of the entrance to Clover Point.
The contractor will work with municipal staff to develop a traffic management plan for the Clover Point Pump Station prior to construction starting. More information will be provided about work in this area in early 2018. A key consideration during the construction will be managing potential impacts on the surrounding community. All construction activity will comply with City of Victoria bylaws regarding hours of work and noise levels.
The Clover Point Pump Station expansion will be primarily underground and below the grade of the adjacent section of Dallas Road. The expanded facility will be constructed out of materials that will allow it to blend with the existing facility and surrounding area. It will also include upgraded odour and noise control features, such that there is no discernible odour or noise to residents. The scope of work also includes a number of public realm improvements, such as public washrooms, pedestrian and bicycle paths, bicycle facilities, a public plaza, street furniture and road intersection improvements.
The Clover Point Pump Station was built in the 1970s and is owned and operated by the CRD. The current pump station pumps wastewater directly into the ocean. The expanded pump station will pump wastewater to the McLoughlin Point Wastewater Treatment Plant for tertiary treatment during normal flows and provide bypass pumping to the existing Clover Point outfall during storm events.
Receive email updates for Clover Point Pump Station2017 NECTR Map and Events!
The 2017 NECTR Art and Events Map is available here! For a detailed list of events, go here!
NECTR is currently sold out! You must have purchased a ticket in advance to attend! NECTR 2017 will welcome 300 participants! Check back with us in July of 2018 to register to attend next year’s event!
ART grants have been awarded Effigy, Temple, and other interactive art! NECTR 2017 had a record number of applications and we look forward to welcoming new Temple and Effigy artists! Check out the awardees here!
Volunteer Cores need you! Please use the following survey to let us know where you can assist. Some of these include: Spacedock (Gate, Greeters, Parking), DPW, Fire Safety, Medical, Center Camp…
The Northeast Connecticut Region Ember Art Festival is holding its fourth annual event this October. This outdoor experience is a product of those who attend and relies on participation and creativity from the community. The event is inspired by other community-driven art festivals and adheres to principles of inclusion, self-expression, and leave no trace.
The 2017 NECTR Art and Events Map is available here! For a detailed list of events, go here!
Thursday, October 12th: noon to midnight Friday , October 13th: 10:00am to 1:00am Saturday, October 14th: 8:00am to 8:00pm
Need a ride to NECTR? Able to offer a ride? Sign up here:The sad fact of being a scene leader is simply this: for every one band you inspire to do something genuinely different and engaging, you inspire ten more bands to imitate you, badly, and spend their careers ripping off and watering down your sound until it is but a pale shadow of its original self. Such was the case of Faith no more. For every brilliant band they helped to inspire (Dillinger Escape Plan, for example) we had to sit through tenth rate dross such as Disturbed and it is no surprise that the band faded into nothingness, disgusted by their own legacy. This was nowhere more evident than in Mike Patton’s decision to head off into uncharted waters on nearly every subsequent project (Lovage and Peeping Tom notwithstanding) and while his latter-day work may not have received the ubiquitous adulation of FNM there were still a faithful few listening intently and taking notes, of whom French crew 6:33 are probably one of the most bizarre and insanely creative in their own right.
Incorporating elements of metal, opera, ambient and hardcore into one dizzying package was never going to be easy or liable to achieve mainstream success – nonetheless 6:33 approach their task with steely determination and the end result is a genre-leaping album that defies pigeon holing, simple categorisation or even an easy review. As a very vague base line, imagine Slayer and DEP duelling with Dog Fashion Disco and Mushroom Head while Aphex Twin DJs in the background and you have a very rough approximation of what this album is likely to do to you. With hints of Devin Townsend’s and Mike Patton’s raging creative impulses and moments of sheer visceral muscularity, there truly is much to admire and it helps that 6:33 all happen to be excellent musicians – something rather essential when making music so mind-meltingly complex.
Opening with a public service warning informing you that the band will not be held responsible for any damage done by the album before launching into a brutally heavy introduction in the form of ‘lift off’ the band cheerfully throw everything but the kitchen sink into the mix form the off over a grinding riff designed to damage eardrums. As cool as the first track is with its chugging guitars and samples, the real magic kicks off on ‘Beretta’ the deranged second track that sees vocals barked out over staccato riffs and deranged honky-tonk piano interludes. It recalls the damaged genius of Fantomas but with significantly more emphasis on metal riffs than total insanity making it all a touch more accessible than, say, ‘suspended animation’ albeit in a similar ball park stylistically. Beautifully played it’s rather like being trapped at a festival between Pavarotti, Dream Theater and a cinema showing Loony Tunes cartoons yet the band somehow manage to marshal the chaos and make it all sound cohesive even while it makes your head spin. ‘Black Becky’ appears next in a haze of lazy trip-hop intercut with terrifying injections of screaming hardcore. Destined to damage your dreams it actually recalls Chris Morris’ disturbing opus ‘Jam’ reduced to a soundtrack and wrapped up in a blanket of the strongest Ketamine on the market. ‘Drunk in Krakow’ meanwhile is a trippy, sexy blast of warped pop music that recalls Peeping Tom in more detail than other tracks here. Possibly the best musical representation of a drunken night out ever recorded, there’s sleaze and gratuitous sex by the bucket load, all underscored by a darker edge than remains unsettling even while the music is smoother than the creamiest latte.
Having lulled you into something of a sense of security the band head off into spacey pastures with the synth-laden ‘Little silly thing part 1’ which somehow crams jazz, metal, lounge and pop all into one brief five minute attack on the senses. ‘Little silly thing part 2’ takes the opposite approach by slowly building to an awesome hard-rock groove via electronic percussion and all manner of orchestral additions thrown into the mix. This couplet sit at the heart of this rather confusingly brilliant record and highlight the sheer diversity on offer. ‘The only one’ opens with a moment of piano-led calm before the guitars come in crushing everything in sight, although that’s only half the story and I haven’t enough space here to fill you in on everything else that happens suffice it to say that 6:33 give Dream Theater a damn good thrashing when it comes to complex changes of mood and style. ‘The fall of pop’ opens with a brilliantly chosen sample overlaid with a slow-building electronic backing and pop-diva moans. It’s a velvet-wrapped, sensual masterpiece gloriously ripped apart by snatches of industrial-esque guitars and it recalls Sisters of mercy taking on Nine inch nails in a gothic cathedral. Sounds appealing? Believe me when I say that no review can easily do justice to the myriad ideas all flowing through this record and if you enjoy artists than consistently challenge your expectations then this is for you.
‘Karmacoma’ is a funky beast, although for every ounce of thumping bass you have moments of thrash, punk and lounge to contend with thus once again defying any expectations you may have had form the tracks intro. ‘Orphan of good manners’ (the title track) closes the disc on the oddest possible note, in case you haven’t already been beaten into submission by the band’s unaffected insanity. It also helps that it has the most annoyingly catchy chorus shoehorned in, just to really mess with your head.
Not everyone will love 6:33. They are not an easy band to love and nor do they intend to be. Music this eclectic is but for a select few and I have no doubt that ‘orphan of good manners’ will irritate at least as many people as it inspires, if not more. And yet, music so utterly uncontrived and fascinating, not to mention so brilliantly played, deserves a listen and a place in the collection of any forward thinking metal fan already excited by acts such as Fantomas and Dream theatre. Diverse, challenging, exciting and original this is a remarkable debut release that will reward patient listeners and terrify those after an instant fix in equal measure. It. Is Awesome.
The coolest review ever !!!
Thanks a lot Phil !
6:33Barbour Lifestyle Womens Multicoloured Robin Christmas Sock Giftbox
- Details
Barbour Lifestyle Robin Christmas Socks are the perfect gift this season and feature three pairs of winter-inspired socks with robin detail and Barbour branding.
- Three Pack Socks
- Robin Patterned
- Barbour Branding
- Info & Care
- 78% Cotton
- 21% Polyamide
- 1% Elast.Guidecraft Better Builder - 100 Piece Set - A+.. Better Builders are an open-ended magnetic construction toy to explore and build endless models with the unique rod and ball construction. With strong magnetic force, unique rod and ball configurations and a myriad design possibilities, Better Builders are a wonderfully inventive way to help children discover principles of science, construction, and engineering (STEM) while developing their creativity.
*Select the Location closest to the Shipping Address
This item takes 7-10 business days for delivery. Business days are defined as Mon - Fri.